<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_719220_0000719220-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29231935</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>335182</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3223564</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12942698</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6149409</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5985769</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000719220-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224171928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000719220-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		161
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			S&T BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000719220
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				251434426
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12508
		FILM NUMBER:		23668714

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 PHILADELPHIA STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 190
		CITY:			INDIANA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-427-2347

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 PHILADELPHIA STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 190
		CITY:			INDIANA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000719220-23-000018.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 stba-20221231.htm
 10-K

stba-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of 
 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 
 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant 

included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The aggregate estimated fair value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022: 
 Common Stock, 2.50 par value 
 The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock as of February 23, 2023: 
 Common Stock, 2.50 par value 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 Item 2. Properties 
 23 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 24 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 114 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 114 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 114 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 114 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 115 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 115 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 115 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 115 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 115 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 116 
 Signatures 
 120 

2 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 S T Bancorp, Inc. was incorporated on March 17, 1983 under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as a bank holding company and is registered with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or the Federal Reserve Board, under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, or the BHCA, as a bank holding company and a financial holding company. S T Bancorp, Inc. has five active direct wholly-owned subsidiaries including S T Bank, 9th Street Holdings, Inc., STBA Capital Trust I, DNB Capital Trust I and DNB Capital Trust II, and owns a 50 percent interest in Commonwealth Trust Credit Life Insurance Company, or CTCLIC. When used in this Report, S T, we, us or our may refer to S T Bancorp, Inc. individually, S T Bancorp, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries or certain of S T Bancorp, Inc. s subsidiaries or affiliates, depending on the context. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 9.1 billion in assets, 7.2 billion in total loans, 7.2 billion in deposits and 1.2 billion in shareholders equity. 
 S T Bank is a full-service bank that operates in Pennsylvania and Ohio. S T Bank deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, to the maximum extent provided by law. S T Bank has four active wholly-owned operating subsidiaries including S T Insurance Group, LLC, S T Bancholdings, Inc., Stewart Capital Advisors, LLC and DN Acquisition Company, Inc. 
 Through S T Bank and our non-bank subsidiaries, we offer consumer, commercial and small business banking services, which include accepting time and demand deposits and originating commercial and consumer loans, brokerage services and trust services including serving as executor and trustee under wills and deeds and as guardian and custodian of employee benefits. We also manage private investment accounts for individuals and institutions through our registered investment advisor. Total Wealth Management assets under administration, which are not accounted for as part of our assets, were 2.2 billion at December 31, 2022. 
 The main office of both S T Bancorp, Inc. and S T Bank is located at 800 Philadelphia Street, Indiana, Pennsylvania, and our phone number is (800) 325-2265. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Our commitment to every customer starts with a talented team. To attract and retain our talented team we strive to make S T an inclusive, safe and healthy workplace that provides our employees with opportunities to grow and develop. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,182 full time equivalent employees. 
 
 Our Team and Culture 
 
 Our purpose is building a better future together through people-forward banking. We believe that all banking should be personal. We cultivate relationships rooted in trust, strengthened by going above and beyond and renewed with every interaction. We move banking forward, building better lives together by always putting people first. 
 Our team strives to embody values to encourage a culture that has enabled us to be named a top workplace. The following are our five core values that support our Purpose: 
 Make People our Purpose 
 Humility, empathy and a sincere desire to uplift each other and our community guide our actions every day. We are people in service of people, committed to constantly improving our communication and connection and delivering the right solutions. 
 Do the Right Thing 
 We are built on trust and following through on our promises. We hold ourselves accountable by delivering results, continuously learning and striving for better every day. 
 Go Above and Beyond 
 We go as far as we possibly can to help advance the cause of our colleagues, customers and communities. In every case, we seek the right solutions based on a holistic understanding of the opportunities ahead of us. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Value Every Voice 
 We stand for inclusivity, accessibility and opportunity. We listen for forward-looking ideas to better ourselves and improve our experience. And we always welcome an honest and open dialogue with our colleagues, customers and the community at large. 
 Win as One Team 
 We function as one connected team working together to deliver a seamless experience. We communicate, collaborate and care enough to go the extra mile for the colleagues we work alongside, the customers we serve and the communities where we live. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 S T fosters a diverse work culture where employees work together to better our company, services and community. 
 We are committed to promoting a diverse workforce and developing all people through: 
 Equal Opportunity Employment 
 Educating our employees and board of directors 
 Fostering a culture to address employees and customers needs 
 Partnering with diverse vendors 
 The S T mindset is to encourage, develop and inspire all employees to achieve their best, motivated by their own personal development. Our commitment is to a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace where everyone utilizes their knowledge, skills, abilities and unique interests to help each other find success and drive positive results. Our Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors oversees our diversity and inclusion strategy, and at least annually, measures the success of diversity and inclusion initiatives by reviewing S T s strategies and statistics from S T s Human Capital Management System. 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion, or DEI, is a commitment that we are focused on through various avenues to create awareness, provide education, support our colleagues and communities, develop and improve products and services, partner with diverse vendors and drive results tied to our overall organizational strategy. As part of our DEI strategy, we launched our DEI Advisory Council during 2022. The DEI Advisory Council is co-chaired by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer and is made up of colleagues from departments across our organization. We have conducted an ongoing S T Commemorates webinar series that is designed to explore a wide scope of DEI topics. 
 Talent Development and Training 
 Our training plan strives to provide all departments with access to comprehensive training to enhance all job positions. Our Corporate Training Department maintains oversight of all training to ensure that it is implemented and monitored properly and encourages career development for our employees. Our training program offers a blended learning approach comprised of classroom and online course delivery. We have many training sessions that are a virtual format through webinars and learning management system delivery for regulatory, compliance, skill-based, technology, leadership and career development. Certain trainings are conducted live based on the needs of the program. In 2022, our employees logged approximately 70,087 training hours, on average 59 hours per employee, which is an increase of approximately 9 percent compared to 2021. 
 Safety, Health and Wellness 
 The safety, health and well being of our employees is a top priority. We offer our employees and their families access to a variety of flexible and convenient health and welfare programs that provide resources to help them maintain and/or improve their physical and mental health. We also have a financial wellness program that assists our employees and their families with budgeting and various personal financial content consisting of an online personal financial program and internally produced webinars. We believe in the education and offering of programs and initiatives that make lasting positive impacts in the lives of our employees. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Access to United States Securities and Exchange Commission Filings 
 All of our reports filed electronically with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our prior annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and our annual proxy statements, as well as any amendments to those reports, are accessible at no cost on our website at www.stbancorp.com under Financials, SEC Filings. These filings are also accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. The charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Benefits Committee, the Credit Risk Committee, the Executive Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Risk Committee as well as the Complaints Regarding Accounting, Internal Accounting Controls or Auditing Matters ("Whistleblower Policy"), the Code of Conduct for the CEO and CFO, the General Code of Conduct, the Shareholder Communications Policy, and the Corporate Governance Guidelines are also available at www.stbancorp.com under Governance. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 General 
 S T is extensively regulated under federal and state law. Regulation of bank holding companies and banks is intended primarily for the protection of consumers, depositors, borrowers, the Federal Deposit Insurance Fund, or DIF, and the banking system as a whole, and not for the protection of shareholders or creditors. The following describes certain aspects of that regulation and does not purport to be a complete description of all regulations that affect S T, or all aspects of any regulation discussed here. To the extent statutory or regulatory provisions are described, the description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory or regulatory provisions. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or Dodd-Frank Act, enacted in July 2010, has had and will continue to have a broad impact on the financial services industry, including significant regulatory and compliance changes addressing, among other things: (i) enhanced resolution authority of troubled and failing banks and their holding companies; (ii) increased capital and liquidity requirements; (iii) increased regulatory examination fees; (iv) changes to assessments to be paid to the FDIC for federal deposit insurance; (v) enhanced corporate governance and executive compensation requirements and disclosures; and (vi) numerous other provisions designed to improve supervision and oversight of, and strengthen safety and soundness for, the financial services sector. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act established a new framework for systemic risk oversight within the financial system to be distributed among new and existing federal regulatory agencies, including the Financial Stability Oversight Council, the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC. While many requirements called for in the Dodd-Frank Act have been implemented, these regulations are subject to continuing interpretation and potential amendment, and a variety of the requirements remain to be implemented. Given the continued uncertainty associated with the ongoing implementation of the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act by the various regulatory agencies, including the manner in which the remaining provisions will be implemented and the interpretation of and potential amendments to existing regulations, the full extent of the impact of such requirements on financial institutions operations remains unclear, but management expects will continue to affect us in some way. The continuing changes resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act may impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to certain of our business practices, increase our operating and compliance costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business. These changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes in order to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements. 
 In addition, proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the banking industry are frequently raised in Congress, in state legislatures and before the various bank regulatory agencies that may impact S T. Such initiatives to change the laws and regulations may include proposals to expand or contract the powers of bank holding companies and depository institutions or proposals to substantially change the financial institution regulatory system. Any such legislation could change bank statutes and our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation could affect how S T and S T Bank operate and could significantly increase costs, impede the efficiency of internal business processes, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities in an efficient manner, or affect the competitive balance among banks, credit unions and other financial institutions, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The likelihood and timing of any changes and the impact such changes might have on S T is impossible to determine with any certainty. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

S T 
 We are a bank holding company subject to regulation under the BHCA and the examination and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve Board. Under the BHCA, a bank holding company may not directly or indirectly acquire ownership or control of more than five percent of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of any additional bank, or merge or consolidate with another bank holding company, without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 As a bank holding company, we are expected under statutory and regulatory provisions to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to our subsidiary bank. A bank holding company is also expected to commit resources, including capital and other funds, to support its subsidiary bank. 
 We elected to become a financial holding company under the BHCA in 2001 and thereby may engage in a broader range of financial activities than are permissible for traditional bank holding companies. In order to maintain our status as a financial holding company, we must remain well-capitalized and well-managed and the depository institutions controlled by us must remain well-capitalized, well-managed (as defined in federal law) and have at least a satisfactory Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, rating. Refer to Note 25 Regulatory Matters to the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for information concerning the current capital ratios of S T and S T Bank. No prior regulatory approval is required for a financial holding company with total consolidated assets less than 50 billion to acquire a company, other than a bank or savings association, engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the Federal Reserve Board, unless the total consolidated assets to be acquired exceed 10 billion. The BHCA identifies several activities as financial in nature including, among others, securities underwriting; dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and sales agency; investment advisory activities; merchant banking activities and activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined to be closely related to banking. Banks may also engage in, subject to limitations on investment, activities that are financial in nature, other than insurance underwriting, insurance company portfolio investment, real estate development and real estate investment, through a financial subsidiary of the bank, if the bank is well-capitalized, well-managed and has at least a satisfactory CRA rating. 
 If S T or S T Bank ceases to be well-capitalized or well-managed, we will not be in compliance with the requirements of the BHCA regarding financial holding companies or requirements regarding the operation of financial subsidiaries by insured banks. 
 If a financial holding company is notified by the Federal Reserve Board of such a change in the ratings of any of its subsidiary banks, it must take certain corrective actions within specified time frames. Furthermore, if S T Bank was to receive a CRA rating of less than satisfactory, then we would be prohibited from engaging in certain new activities or acquiring companies engaged in certain financial activities until the rating is raised to satisfactory or better. 
 We are presently engaged in non-banking activities through the following six entities: 
 9 th Street Holdings, Inc. was formed in June 1988 to hold and manage a group of investments previously owned by S T Bank and to give us additional latitude to purchase other investments. 
 S T Bancholdings, Inc. was formed in August 2002 to hold and manage a group of investments previously owned by S T Bank and to give us additional latitude to purchase other investments. 
 CTCLIC is a joint venture with another financial institution, and acts as a reinsurer of credit life, accident and health insurance policies that were sold by S T Bank and the other institution. S T Bank and the other institution each have ownership interests of 50 percent in CTCLIC. 
 S T Insurance Group, LLC distributes life insurance and long-term disability income insurance products. During 2001, S T Insurance Group, LLC and Attorneys Abstract Company, Inc. entered into an agreement to form S T Settlement Services, LLC, or STSS, with respective ownership interests of 55 percent and 45 percent. STSS is a title insurance agency servicing commercial customers. We also have a 30 percent partnership interest in Evergreen Insurance, LLC. 
 Stewart Capital Advisors, LLC was formed in August 2005 and is a registered investment advisor that manages private investment accounts for individuals and institutions. 
 DN Acquisition Company, Inc. was acquired with the DNB First merger on November 30, 2019. DN Acquisition Company, Inc. was formed to acquire and hold Other Real Estate Owned acquired through foreclosure or deed in-lieu-of foreclosure, as well as Bank-occupied real estate. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

S T Bank 
 As a Pennsylvania-chartered, FDIC-insured non-member commercial bank, S T Bank is subject to the supervision and regulation of the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities, or PADBS, and the FDIC. We are also subject to various requirements and restrictions under federal and state law, including requirements to maintain reserves against deposits, restrictions on the types, amount and terms and conditions of loans that may be granted and limits on the types of other activities in which S T Bank may engage and the investments it may make. In addition, pursuant to the federal Bank Merger Act, S T Bank must obtain the prior approval of the FDIC before it can merge or consolidate with or acquire the assets or assume the deposit liabilities of another bank. 
 S T Bank is subject to affiliate transaction rules in Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act as implemented by the Federal Reserve Board's Regulation W, that limit the amount of transactions between itself and S T or any other company or entity that controls or is under common control with any company or entity that controls S T Bank, including for most purposes any financial or depository institution subsidiary of S T Bank. Under these provisions, covered transactions, including making loans, purchasing assets, issuing guarantees and other similar transactions, between a bank and its parent company or any other affiliate, generally are limited to 10 percent of the bank subsidiary s capital and surplus, and with respect to all transactions with affiliates, are limited to 20 percent of the bank subsidiary s capital and surplus. Loans and extensions of credit from a bank to an affiliate generally are required to be secured by eligible collateral in specified amounts, and in general all affiliated transactions must be on terms consistent with safe and sound banking practices. Furthermore, in general, transactions between a bank and its affiliates must be on terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to the bank as the terms that would apply in comparable transactions between the bank and a third party. The Dodd-Frank Act expanded the affiliate transaction rules to broaden the definition of affiliate to include as covered transactions securities borrowing or lending, repurchase or reverse repurchase agreements and derivative activities, and to strengthen collateral requirements and limit Federal Reserve exemptive authority. 
 Federal law also constrains the types and amounts of loans that S T Bank may make to its executive officers, directors and principal shareholders. Among other things, these loans are limited in amount, must be approved by the bank s board of directors in advance, and must be on terms and conditions as favorable to the bank as those available to an unrelated person. The Dodd-Frank Act strengthened restrictions on loans to insiders and expanded the types of transactions subject to the various limits to include credit exposure arising from a derivative transaction, a repurchase or reverse repurchase agreement and a securities lending or borrowing transaction. The Dodd-Frank Act also placed restrictions on certain asset sales to and from an insider to an institution, including requirements that such sales be on market terms and, in certain circumstances, approved by the institution s board of directors. 
 Insurance of Accounts; Depositor Preference 
 The deposits of S T Bank are insured up to applicable limits per insured depositor by the DIF, as administered by the FDIC. The Dodd-Frank Act codified FDIC deposit insurance coverage per separately insured depositor for all account types at 250,000. 
 As an FDIC-insured bank, S T Bank is subject to FDIC insurance assessments, which are imposed based upon the calculated risk the institution poses to the DIF. 
 Under the current assessment system, for an institution with less than 10 billion in assets, assessment rates are determined based on a combination of financial ratios and CAMELS (capital adequacy, asset quality, management, earnings, liquidity and sensitivity) composite ratings. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time, at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits. Under the current system, premiums are assessed quarterly. Assessments are calculated as a percentage of average consolidated total assets less average tangible equity during the assessment period. As part of its semiannual update of the restoration plan established by the FDIC to facilitate restoration of the reserve ratio of the DIF to the statutory minimum in the mandated time frame, in June 2022 the FDIC approved an amended restoration plan and proposed an increase in the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules. Consistent with the amended restoration plan, in October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule, applicable to all insured depository institutions, to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023 (January 1 through March 31, 2023). The increase in assessment rate schedules is intended to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio of the DIF reaches the statutory minimum of 1.35 percent by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. Second, the proposed change in assessment rates is further intended to support growth in the DIF in progressing toward the 2 percent Designated Reserve Ratio, or DRR, established by the FDIC. The FDIC has indicated that the proposed assessment rate schedules will remain in effect unless and until the DRR meets or exceeds 2 percent, absent further FDIC action. Under the new rule, the total base assessment rates on an annualized basis range from 2.5 basis points for certain well-capitalized, well-managed banks, with the highest ratings, to 42 basis points for complex institutions posing the most risk to the DIF, compared to the 2022 rates that ranged from 1.5 to 40. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance of any insured depository institution if it determines, after hearing that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, that the institution is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or the Federal Reserve Board. It also may suspend deposit insurance temporarily during the hearing process if the institution has no tangible capital. If insurance of accounts is terminated, the accounts at the institution at the time of termination, less subsequent withdrawals, will continue to be insured for a period of six months to two years, as determined by the FDIC. 
 Under federal law, deposits and certain claims for administrative expenses and employee compensation against insured depository institutions are afforded a priority over other general unsecured claims against such an institution, including federal funds and letters of credit, in the liquidation or other resolution of such an institution by a receiver. Such priority creditors would include the FDIC. 
 Capital 
 The Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC have issued substantially similar minimum risk-based and leverage capital rules applicable to the banking organizations they supervise. At December 31, 2022, both S T and S T Bank met the applicable minimum regulatory capital requirements. 
 The following table summarizes the leverage and risk-based capital ratios for S T and S T Bank: 
 Actual Minimum 
 Regulatory Capital 
 Requirements 
 To be 
 Well Capitalized 
 Under Prompt 
 Corrective Action 
 Provisions 
 (dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of December 31, 2022 Leverage Ratio S T 967,708 11.06 349,914 4.00 437,392 5.00 S T Bank 938,377 10.73 349,746 4.00 437,182 5.00 Common Equity Tier 1 (to Risk-Weighted Assets) S T 938,708 12.81 329,701 4.50 476,235 6.50 S T Bank 938,377 12.81 329,565 4.50 476,038 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) S T 967,708 13.21 439,602 6.00 586,135 8.00 S T Bank 938,377 12.81 439,420 6.00 585,893 8.00 Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) S T 1,078,897 14.73 586,135 8.00 732,669 10.00 S T Bank 1,049,566 14.33 585,893 8.00 732,367 10.00 
 
 The banking regulatory agencies may from time to time require that a banking organization maintain capital above the minimum prescribed levels, whether because of its financial condition or actual or anticipated growth. 
 The risk-based capital standards establish a systematic, analytical framework that makes regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banking organizations, takes off-balance sheet exposures explicitly into account in assessing capital adequacy and minimizes disincentives to holding liquid, low-risk assets. For purposes of the risk-based ratios, assets and specified off-balance sheet instruments are assigned to broad risk categories, each with appropriate weights. The resulting capital ratios represent capital as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet items. The leverage ratio represents capital as a percentage of total average assets adjusted as specified in the guidelines. 
 In July 2013, the federal banking agencies issued final regulatory capital rules that replaced the then existing general risk-based capital and related rules, broadly revising the basic definitions and elements of regulatory capital and making substantial changes to the risk weightings for banking and trading book assets. These regulatory capital rules are designed to implement Basel III (which were agreements reached in July 2010 by the international oversight body of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision to require more and higher-quality capital) as well as the minimum leverage and risk-based capital requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. These capital standards apply to all banks, regardless of size, and to all bank holding companies with consolidated assets greater than 500 million and became effective on January 1, 2015. For smaller banking organizations such as S T and S T Bank, the rules were subject to a transition period providing for full implementation as of January 1, 2019. 
 Generally, under the guidelines, common equity Tier 1 capital consists of common stock instruments that meet the eligibility criteria in the rule, retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income and common equity Tier 1 minority 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

interest, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions including goodwill, intangible assets subject to limitation and certain deferred tax assets subject to limitation. Tier 1 capital is comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital plus generally non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Tier 1 minority interests and, for bank holding companies with less than 15 billion in consolidated assets at December 31, 2009, certain restricted capital instruments including qualifying cumulative perpetual preferred stock and grandfathered trust preferred securities, up to a limit of 25 percent of Tier 1 capital, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. Tier 2, or supplementary, capital generally includes portions of trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock not otherwise counted in Tier 1 capital, as well as preferred stock, subordinated debt, total capital minority interests not included in Tier 1, and the allowance for credit losses, or ACL, in an amount not exceeding 1.25 percent of standardized risk-weighted assets, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. Total capital is the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. 
 After a phase in period beginning in 2016, these regulatory capital rules also require a banking organization to maintain a capital conservation buffer composed of common equity Tier 1 capital in an amount greater than 2.50 percent of total risk-weighted assets beginning in 2019. As a result, since 2019, a banking organization has been required to maintain a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio greater than 7.00 percent, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio greater than 8.50 percent and a Total risk-based capital ratio greater than 10.50 percent; otherwise, it will be subject to restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. Since 2019, the minimum capital requirements plus the capital conservation buffer exceed the regulatory capital ratios required for an insured depository institution to be well-capitalized under prompt corrective action law, described in "Other Safety and Soundness Regulations." 
 These regulatory capital rules also revise the calculation of risk-weighted assets, including a new framework under which the risk weight will increase for most credit exposures that are 90 days or more past due or on nonaccrual, high-volatility commercial real estate loans, mortgage servicing and deferred tax assets that are not deducted from capital and certain equity exposures. The rules include changes to the credit conversion factors of off-balance sheet items, such as the unused portion of a loan commitment. 
 Federal regulators periodically propose amendments to the regulatory capital rules and the related regulatory framework and consider changes to the capital standards that could significantly increase the amount of capital needed to meet applicable standards. The timing of adoption, ultimate form and effect of any such proposed amendments cannot be predicted. 
 Payment of Dividends 
 S T is a legal entity separate and distinct from its banking and other subsidiaries. A substantial portion of our revenues consist of dividend payments we receive from S T Bank. The payment of common dividends by S T is subject to certain requirements and limitations of Pennsylvania law. S T Bank, in turn, is subject to federal and state laws and regulations that limit the amount of dividends it can pay to S T. In addition, both S T and S T Bank are subject to various general regulatory policies relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums. The Federal Reserve Board has indicated that banking organizations should generally pay dividends only if (i) the organization s net income available to common shareholders over the past year has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends and (ii) the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Thus, under certain circumstances based upon our financial condition, our ability to declare and pay quarterly dividends may require consultation with the Federal Reserve Board and may be prohibited by applicable Federal Reserve Board guidance. 
 Other Safety and Soundness Regulations 
 There are a number of obligations and restrictions imposed on bank holding companies such as us and our depository institution subsidiary by federal law and regulatory policy. These obligations and restrictions are designed to reduce potential loss exposure to the FDIC s DIF in the event an insured depository institution becomes in danger of default or is in default. Under current federal law, for example, the federal banking agencies possess broad powers to take prompt corrective action to resolve problems of insured depository institutions. The extent of these powers depends upon whether the institution in question is well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized, as defined by the law. As of December 31, 2022, S T Bank was classified as well-capitalized. New definitions of these categories, as set forth in the federal banking agencies final rule to implement Basel III and the minimum leverage and risk-based capital requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, became effective as of January 1, 2015. Refer to the above section titled Capital within this Item 1. Business section for capital requirements. The classification of depository institutions is primarily for the purpose of applying the federal banking agencies prompt corrective action provisions and is not intended to be and should not be interpreted as a representation of overall financial condition or prospects of any financial institution. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The federal banking agencies prompt corrective action powers, which increase depending upon the degree to which an institution is undercapitalized, can include, among other things, requiring an insured depository institution to adopt a capital restoration plan, which cannot be approved unless guaranteed by the institution s parent company; placing limits on asset growth and restrictions on activities, including restrictions on transactions with affiliates; restricting the interest rates the institution may pay on deposits; restricting the institution from accepting brokered deposits; prohibiting the payment of principal or interest on subordinated debt; prohibiting the holding company from making capital distributions, including payment of dividends, without prior regulatory approval; and, ultimately, appointing a receiver for the institution. 
 The federal banking agencies have also adopted guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards relating to internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, fees and compensation and benefits. In general, the guidelines require appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage specified risks and exposures. The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and characterize compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder. In addition, the agencies have adopted regulations that authorize, but do not require, an agency to order an institution that has been given notice by an agency that it is not in compliance with any of such safety and soundness standards to submit a compliance plan. If, after being so notified, an institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, the agency must issue an order directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an order directing other actions of the types to which an undercapitalized institution is subject under the prompt corrective action provisions described above. 
 Regulatory Enforcement Authority 
 The enforcement powers available to federal banking agencies are substantial and include, among other things and in addition to other powers described herein, the ability to assess civil money penalties and impose other civil and criminal penalties, to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders, to appoint a conservator to conserve the assets of an institution for the benefit of its depositors and creditors and to initiate injunctive actions against banks and bank holding companies and institution affiliated parties, as defined in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations, and engagement in unsafe or unsound practices. Other actions or inactions may provide the basis for enforcement action, including misleading or untimely reports filed with regulatory authorities. 
 At the state level, the PADBS also has broad enforcement powers over S T Bank, including the power to impose fines and other penalties and to appoint a conservator or receiver. 
 Interstate Banking and Branching 
 The BHCA currently permits bank holding companies from any state to acquire banks and bank holding companies located in any other state, subject to certain conditions, including certain nationwide and state-imposed deposit concentration limits. In addition, because of changes to law made by the Dodd-Frank Act, S T Bank may now establish de novo branches in any state to the same extent that a bank chartered in that state could establish a branch. 
 Community Reinvestment, Fair Lending and Consumer Protection Laws 
 In connection with its lending activities, S T Bank is subject to a number of state and federal laws designed to protect borrowers and promote lending to various sectors of the economy and population. The federal laws include, among others, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Truth-in-Lending Act, the Truth-in-Savings Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the CRA. In addition, federal rules require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

The purpose of the CRA is to help address inequities in credit access for low- and moderate-income (LMI) individuals and communities. It is designed to encourage regulated banks to help meet the credit needs of the local communities in which they are chartered. The FRB, the FDIC and the OCC implement the CRA through their CRA regulations, which establish the framework for how the agencies assess a bank s record of helping to meet the credit needs of the communities that they serve, including LMI neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound operations. The CRA requires the appropriate federal banking agency, in connection with its examination of a bank, to assess the bank s record in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by the bank, including low-and moderate-income neighborhoods. Furthermore, such assessment is required of any bank that has applied, among other things, to merge or consolidate with or acquire the assets or assume the liabilities of an insured depository institution, or to open or relocate a branch office. In the case of a bank holding company, including a financial holding company, applying for approval to acquire a bank or bank holding company, the Federal Reserve Board will assess the record of each subsidiary bank of the applicant bank holding company in considering the application. Under the CRA, institutions are assigned a rating of outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve or unsatisfactory. S T Bank was rated satisfactory in its most recent CRA evaluation. 
 Several attempts have been made by one or more of the agencies to modernize the CRA regulations. On May 5, 2022, the FDIC, OCC and FRB jointly issued a proposal to strengthen and modernize regulations implementing the CRA to better achieve the purposes of the law. The agencies invited public comment through August 5, 2022 on their joint proposal, which has the following key elements: 
 Expand access to credit, investment and basic banking services in low-and moderate-income communities. 
 Adapt to changes in the banking industry, including internet and mobile banking. 
 Provide greater clarity, consistency and transparency. 
 Tailor CRA evaluations and data collection to bank size and type. 
 Maintain a unified approach. 
 Final regulations have not yet been adopted. Also, on September 15, 2022 legislation was introduced by Maxine Waters (D-Cal.), chair of the House Committee on Financial Services, that would significantly revise the CRA, adding a number of new substantive and procedural requirements. While the future of such legislation is uncertain, it may impact the timing of any final CRA regulations by the agencies. We will continue to monitor any changes to the regulations implementing the CRA or proposed changes to the CRA in light of increased focus on modernizing the rules. 
 With respect to consumer protection, the Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or the CFPB, which took over rulemaking responsibility on July 21, 2011 for the principal federal consumer financial protection laws, such as those identified above. Institutions that have assets of 10 billion or less, such as S T Bank, are subject to the rules established by the CFPB but will continue to be supervised in this area by their state and primary federal regulators, which in the case of S T Bank is the FDIC. The Dodd-Frank Act also gives the CFPB expanded data collection powers for fair lending purposes for both small business and mortgage loans, as well as expanded authority to prevent unfair, deceptive and abusive practices. The consumer complaint function also has been consolidated into the CFPB with respect to the institutions it supervises. The CFPB established an Office of Community Banks and Credit Unions, with a mission to ensure that the CFPB incorporates the perspectives of small depository institutions into the policy-making process, communicates relevant policy initiatives to community banks and credit unions and works with community banks and credit unions to identify potential areas for regulatory simplification. 
 Fair lending laws prohibit discrimination in the provision of banking services, and the enforcement of these laws has been a focus for bank regulators. Fair lending laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, which outlaw discrimination in credit transactions and residential real estate on the basis of prohibited factors including, among others, race, color, national origin, sex and religion. A lender may be liable for policies that result in a disparate treatment of or have a disparate impact on a protected class of applicants or borrowers. If a pattern or practice of lending discrimination is alleged by a regulator, then that agency is required to refer the matter to the U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ, for investigation. In December of 2012, the DOJ and the CFPB entered into a Memorandum of Understanding under which the agencies have agreed to share information, coordinate investigations and have generally committed to strengthen their coordination efforts. S T Bank is required to have a fair lending program that is of sufficient scope to monitor the inherent fair lending risk of the institution and that appropriately remediates issues which are identified. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

During 2013, the CFPB issued a series of final rules related to mortgage loan origination and mortgage loan servicing, which became effective in 2014. In particular, on January 10, 2013, the CFPB issued a final rule implementing the ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage (QM) provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act QM Rule. The ability-to-repay provision requires creditors to make reasonable, good-faith determinations that borrowers are able to repay their mortgage loans before extending the credit, based on a number of factors and consideration of financial information about the borrower from reasonably reliable third-party documents. Under the Dodd-Frank Act and the QM Rule, loans meeting the definition of qualified mortgage are entitled to a presumption that the lender satisfied the ability-to-repay requirements. The presumption is a conclusive presumption/safe harbor for prime loans meeting the QM requirements, and a rebuttable presumption for higher-priced/subprime loans meeting the QM requirements. The QM Rule also adds an explicit maximum 43 percent debt-to-income ratio (DTI) for borrowers if the loan is to meet the QM definition, though some mortgages that meet government-sponsored enterprise, or GSE, Federal Housing Administration, or FHA, and Veterans Affairs, or VA, underwriting guidelines may, for a period not to exceed seven years, meet the QM definition without being subject to the 43 percent DTI limits (GSE Patch). These rules did not have a material impact on our mortgage business. In December 2020, the CFPB published a final rule that replaced the 43 percent DTI ratio limit in the general QM definition (the General QM Rule and a final rule that created a new category of qualified mortgage, called a seasoned qualified mortgage, for first lien, fixed rate covered loans that meet certain performance requirements, are held in portfolio by the originating creditor or first purchaser for a 36-month period, comply with general restrictions on product features and points and fees, and meet certain underwriting requirements. The compliance date of the final rules was October 1, 2022. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Rules 
 S T Bank is subject to the Bank Secrecy Act, its implementing regulations and other anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act of 2001. Among other things, these laws and regulations require S T Bank to take steps to prevent the bank from being used to facilitate the flow of illegal or illicit money, to report large currency transactions and to file suspicious activity reports. S T Bank is also required to develop and implement a comprehensive anti-money laundering compliance program. Banks must also have in place appropriate know your customer policies and procedures which includes requirements to (1) identify and verify, subject to certain exceptions, the identity of the beneficial owners of all legal entity customers at the time a new account is opened, and (2) include in its anti-money laundering program, risk-based procedures for conducting ongoing customer due diligence, which are to include procedures that (a) assist in understanding the nature and purpose of customer relationships for the purpose of developing a customer risk profile, and (b) require ongoing monitoring to identify and report suspicious transactions and, on a risk basis, to maintain and update customer information. Violations of these requirements can result in substantial civil and criminal sanctions. In addition, provisions of the USA Patriot Act of 2001 require the federal financial institution regulatory agencies to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution s anti-money laundering activities when considering applications for bank mergers and bank holding company acquisitions. 
 Other Dodd-Frank Provisions 
 In December 2013, federal regulators adopted final regulations regarding the Volcker Rule established in the Dodd-Frank Act. The Volcker Rule generally prohibits banks and their affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading and investing in and sponsoring certain unregistered investment companies generally covering hedge funds and private equity funds, subject to certain exemptions. Banking entities had until July 21, 2017 to conform their activities to the requirements of the rule. Since S T generally does not engage in the activities prohibited by the Volcker Rule, the effectiveness of the rule has not had a material effect on S T Bank or its affiliates. 
 In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act provides that the amount of any interchange fee charged for electronic debit transactions by debit card issuers having assets over 10 billion must be reasonable and proportional to the actual cost of a transaction to the issuer. The Federal Reserve Board has adopted a rule which limits the maximum permissible interchange fees that such issuers can receive for an electronic debit transaction. This rule, Regulation II, was effective October 1, 2011, and then amended on October 3, 2022 to require debit card issuers to provide at least two unaffiliated payment card networks to process card-not-present debit card transactions. Regulation II does not apply to a bank that, together with its affiliates, has less than 10 billion in assets, which includes S T. 
 Cybersecurity 
 We are subject to a variety of regulatory expectations and requirements regarding cybersecurity and privacy. Federal regulators have issued statements regarding cybersecurity addressing the controls that financial institutions should design and business continuity planning and recovery processes that should be in place. State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations, including data breach notification requirements. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Additionally, the FDIC, OCC and Federal Reserve Board issued a final rule effective April 1, 2022, with compliance by May 1, 2022, requiring banking organizations that experience a computer-security incident to notify its federal regulator of the computer-security incident as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the bank determines a computer-security incident has occurred. We actively monitor developments regarding regulatory expectations and federal and state requirements with respect to cybersecurity and data breach notifications. 
 Competition 
 S T Bank competes with other local, regional and national financial services providers, such as other financial holding companies, commercial banks, credit unions, finance companies, brokerage and insurance firms and financial technology companies, including competitors that provide their products and services online and through mobile devices. Some of our competitors are not subject to the same level of regulation and oversight that is required of banks and bank holding companies and are thus able to operate under lower cost structures. Our wealth management business competes with trust companies, mutual fund companies, investment advisory firms, law firms, brokerage firms and other financial services companies. 
 Changes in bank regulation, such as changes in the products and services banks can offer and permitted involvement in non-banking activities by bank holding companies, as well as bank mergers and acquisitions, can affect our ability to compete with other financial services providers. Our ability to do so will depend upon how successfully we can respond to the evolving competitive, regulatory, technological and demographic developments affecting our operations. 
 Our customers are primarily in Pennsylvania and the contiguous states of Ohio, West Virginia, New York, Maryland and Delaware. The majority of our commercial and consumer loans are made to businesses and individuals in these states resulting in a geographic concentration. Our market area has a high density of financial institutions, some of which are significantly larger institutions with greater financial resources than us, and many of which are our competitors to varying degrees. Our competition for loans comes principally from commercial banks, mortgage banking companies, credit unions, online lenders and other financial service companies. Our most direct competition for deposits has historically come from commercial banks and credit unions. We face additional competition for deposits from non-depository competitors such as the mutual fund industry, securities and brokerage firms, insurance companies and financial technology companies. Since larger competitors have advantages in attracting business from larger corporations, we do not generally attempt to compete for that business. Instead, we concentrate our efforts on attracting the business of individuals, and small and medium-size businesses. We consider our competitive advantages to be customer service and responsiveness to customer needs, the convenience of banking offices and hours, access to electronic banking services and the availability and pricing of our customized banking solutions. We emphasize personalized banking and the advantage of local decision-making in our banking business. 
 The financial services industry is likely to become more competitive as further technological advances enable more companies to provide financial services on a more efficient and convenient basis. Technological innovations have lowered traditional barriers to entry and enabled many companies to compete in financial services markets. Many customers now expect a choice of banking options for the delivery of services, including traditional banking offices, telephone, internet, mobile, ATMs, self-service branches, in-store branches and/or digital and technology based solutions. These delivery channels are offered by traditional banks and savings associations, credit unions, brokerage firms, asset management groups, financial technology companies, finance and insurance companies, internet-based companies and mortgage banking firms. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Investments in our common stock involve risk. The following discussion highlights the risks that we believe are material to S T, potentially impacting our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. However, other factors not discussed below or elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. Therefore, the risk factors below do not necessarily include all risks that we may face. 
 Risks Related to Credit 
 Our ability to assess the credit-worthiness of our customers may diminish, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We incur credit risk by virtue of making loans and extending loan commitments and letters of credit. Credit risk is one of our most significant risks. Our exposure to credit risk is managed through the use of consistent underwriting standards that emphasize in-market lending while avoiding excessive industry and other concentrations. Our credit administration function employs risk management techniques to ensure that loans adhere to corporate policy and problem loans are promptly identified. There can be no assurance that such measures will be effective in avoiding undue credit risk. If the models and approaches that we use to select, manage and underwrite our consumer and commercial loan products change and our underwriting standards do not reflect or capture the rapid changes in the economy, we may have higher credit losses. 
 The value of the collateral used to secure our loans may not be sufficient to compensate for the amount of unpaid loans and we may be unsuccessful in recovering the remaining balances from our customers. 
 Decreases in real estate values, particularly with respect to our commercial real estate, or CRE, and mortgage activities, could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral for our loans and our customers ability to repay these loans, which in turn could impact our profitability. Repayment of our commercial loans is often dependent on the cash flow of the borrower, which may become unpredictable. If the value of the assets, such as real estate, serving as collateral for the loan portfolio were to decline materially, a significant part of the loan portfolio could become under-collateralized. If the loans that are secured by real estate become troubled when real estate market conditions are declining or have declined, in the event of foreclosure, we may not be able to realize the amount of collateral that was anticipated at the time of originating the loan. This could result in higher charge-offs which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 Changes in the overall credit quality of our portfolio can have a significant impact on our earnings. 
 Like other lenders, we face the risk that our customers will not repay their loans. We reserve for losses in our loan portfolio based on our assessment of expected credit losses. This process, which is critical to our financial results and condition, requires complex judgment including our assessment of economic conditions, which are difficult to predict. Through a periodic review of the loan portfolio, management determines the amount of the ACL by considering historical losses, the national unemployment forecast produced by the Federal Reserve combined with qualitative factors around current conditions including changes in lending policies and practices, economic conditions, changes in the loan portfolio, changes in lending management, results of internal loan reviews, asset quality trends, collateral values, concentrations of credit risk and other external factors. The amount of future losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in interest rates, which may be beyond our control. Although we have policies and procedures in place to determine future losses, due to the subjective nature of this area, there can be no assurance that our management has accurately assessed the level of allowances reflected in our consolidated financial statements. We may underestimate our expected credit losses and fail to hold an ACL sufficient to account for these losses. Incorrect assumptions could lead to material underestimates of expected losses and an inadequate ACL. As our assessment of expected losses changes, we may need to increase or decrease our ACL, which could significantly impact our financial results and profitability. 
 Our loan portfolio is concentrated within our market area, and our lack of geographic diversification increases our risk profile. 
 The regional economic conditions within our market area affect the demand for our products and services as well as the ability of our customers to repay their loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. A significant decline in the regional economy caused by inflation, recession, unemployment or other factors could negatively affect our customers, the quality of our loan portfolio and the demand for our products and services. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses caused by adverse market or economic conditions in our market area could adversely affect the value of our assets, revenues, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, we cannot give any assurance that we will benefit from any market growth or favorable economic conditions in our primary market area. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Our loan portfolio has a significant concentration of commercial loans that have a higher risk of loss. 
 The majority of our loans are to commercial borrowers including commercial and industrial, or C I, CRE, and construction loans. The commercial loan portfolio typically involves a higher degree of credit risk than other types of loans. For the C I segment this is due to the customer s repayment ability being based upon the success of its business operations, the susceptibility of the customer s business to changing economic conditions, the dependence of our customer on maintaining sufficient cash flow to make payments on the loan and our reliance on the underlying collateral, which is usually only the business assets that may not have sufficient value when the borrower encounters financial difficulties. For the CRE segment higher risk is due to higher loan principal amounts, where the repayment of these loans is generally dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the properties securing the loans to cover operating expenses and debt service. Because payments on loans secured by CRE often depend upon the successful operation and management of the properties, repayment of these loans may be affected by factors outside the borrower s control, including adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. Additionally, we have a number of significant credit exposures to commercial borrowers, and while the majority of these borrowers have numerous projects that make up the total aggregate exposure, if one or more of these borrowers default or have financial difficulties, we could experience higher credit losses, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, an individual commercial loan balance is typically larger than other loans in our portfolio, creating the potential for larger credit losses on an individual loan. The deterioration of one or a few of these loans could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to General Economic Conditions 
 General economic conditions may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Various aspects of our business could be impacted by general macroeconomic conditions including, among others, inflation, which has increased to levels not experienced in years, interest rates, rising or elevated unemployment, declines in GDP, consumer spending, property values, supply chain complications and economic uncertainty. These conditions generally have a negative impact on businesses, financial markets and consumers, which may impact the underlying credit quality of our customers. Increased cost of borrowings, additional borrowings and increased leverage, drawdowns from savings and business disruption, financial difficulties, or business losses, particularly for borrowers in our C I or CRE portfolio, could increase the risk of our customers defaulting or becoming delinquent in their obligations to us, which could increase credit losses and adversely affect our credit portfolios and provision for credit losses. If the macroeconomic environment worsens, our credit portfolio and allowance for credit losses could be adversely impacted. These unfavorable economic conditions could, also, impact the demand for loans and other products and services offered by us, the level of customer deposits, the value of our investment securities, loans held for sale or other assets secured by residential or commercial real estate, or the level of net interest income or net interest margin. Any of these developments could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We may not accurately predict the nature and timing of the policies of the Federal Reserve and other governmental agencies and their impact on interest rates and financial markets, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve have a significant impact on interest rates, the value of financial instruments and other assets and liabilities, and overall financial market performance. These policies have a significant impact on the activities and results of operations of banks and bank holding companies such as S T. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to monitor the national supply of bank credit and set certain interest rates. The actions of the Federal Reserve influence the rates of interest that we charge on loans and that we pay on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits. In addition, monetary policy actions by governmental authorities in the European Union or other countries could have an impact on global interest rates, which could affect rates in the U.S. We may not accurately predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies and interest rates or the precise effects that they may have on our activities and financial results, which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Russia s invasion of Ukraine has created significant economic and financial disruptions and uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

In late February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale military attack on Ukraine. In response to the military action by Russia, government actions, including broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia, have been taken by the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries. The U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the start of this military conflict and imposition of sanctions, impacting the financial and commodities markets. The continued impact on financial markets, including the level and volatility of interest rates, could impact our earnings. Furthermore, continued increases in commodity prices contributing to higher inflation could negatively impact our customers and our earnings. Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could further adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. In addition, Russia may take retaliatory actions and other counter measures including cyberattacks against the U.S., its government, infrastructure and businesses, including S T. Although the extent and duration of the military action or future escalation of such hostilities, the extent and impact of existing and future sanctions, market disruptions and volatility and the result of any diplomatic negotiations remains uncertain, these consequences, including those we cannot yet predict, may cause our business, financial condition, results of operations and the price of our common stock to be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 Failure to keep pace with technological changes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The financial services industry is constantly undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better service customers and reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy their demands, as well as create additional efficiencies within our operations. Many of our large competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services quickly or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A cyber attack, information or security breach, or a failure of ours or of a third-party's infrastructure, computer and data management systems could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business or manage our exposure to risk, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, increase our costs to maintain and update our operational and security systems and infrastructure, and adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm. 
 Our business is highly dependent on the security and efficacy of our infrastructure, computer and data management systems, as well as those of third parties with whom we interact. Cyber security risks for financial institutions have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state actors. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. We rely on digital technologies, computer, database and email systems, software, and networks to conduct our operations. In addition, to access our network and products and services, our customers and third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment. We have taken measures to implement backup systems and other safeguards to support our operations, but our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact. 
 Financial services institutions have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber attacks, including computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information of the institution, its employees or customers or of third parties, or otherwise materially disrupt network access or business operations. For example, denial of service attacks have been launched against a number of large financial institutions and several large retailers have disclosed substantial cyber security breaches affecting debit accounts of their customers. We have experienced cyber security incidents in the past and although not material, we anticipate that, as a growing regional bank, we could experience further incidents. There can be no assurance that we will not suffer material losses or other material consequences relating to technology failure, cyber attacks or other information or security breaches. 
 In addition to external threats, insider threats also present a risk to us. Insiders, having legitimate access to our systems and the information contained in them, have the opportunity to make inappropriate use of the systems and information, or as a result 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

of human error, misconduct or malfeasance, expose us to risk. We have policies, procedures, and controls in place designed to prevent or limit this risk, but we cannot guarantee that these policies, procedures and controls fully mitigate this risk. 
 As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify and enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. Any of these matters could result in our loss of customers and business opportunities, significant disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation or destruction of our confidential information and/or that of our customers, or damage to our customers and/or third parties computers or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, and additional compliance costs. In addition, any of the matters described above could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Fraudulent activity associated with our products and services could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and stock price, negatively impact our brand and reputation, and result in regulatory intervention or sanctions. 
 As a financial institution we are exposed to operational risk in the form of fraudulent activity that may be committed by customers, other third parties, or employees, targeting us and our customers. The risk of fraud continues to increase for the financial services industry. Fraudulent activity has escalated, become more sophisticated, and continues to evolve, as there are more options to access financial services. In our Form 8-K filed May 26, 2020, we disclosed that we discovered customer fraud resulting from a check kiting scheme by a business customer of S T. We recognized a pre-tax loss of 58.7 million during the second quarter of 2020 related to this customer fraud. As a result of our internal review of the fraud, we have made process and monitoring enhancements. While we believe we have operational risk controls in place to prevent or detect future instances of fraud or to mitigate the impact of any fraud, we cannot provide assurance that we can prevent or detect fraud or that we will not experience future fraud losses or incur costs or other damage related to such fraud, at levels that adversely affect our results of operation, financial condition, or stock price. Furthermore, fraudulent activity could negatively impact our brand and reputation, which could also adversely affect our results of operation, financial condition, or stock price. Fraudulent activity could also lead to regulatory intervention or regulatory sanctions. 
 We rely on certain critical third-party providers for a number of services that are important to our business. An interruption or cessation of an important service by any critical third-party provider could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are dependent for the majority of our technology, including our core operating system, on certain critical third-party providers. If these companies were to discontinue providing services to us, we may experience significant disruption to our business. In addition, each of these third parties faces the risk of cyber attack, information breach or loss, or technology failure. If any of our critical third-party service providers experience such difficulties, or if there is any other disruption in our relationships with them, we may be required to find alternative sources of such services. We are dependent on these critical third-party providers securing their information systems, over which we have limited control, and a breach of their information systems could adversely affect our ability to process transactions, service our clients or manage our exposure to risk and could result in the disclosure of sensitive, personal customer information, which could have a material adverse impact on our business through damage to our reputation, loss of business, remedial costs, additional regulatory scrutiny or exposure to civil litigation and possible financial liability. Assurance cannot be provided that we could negotiate terms with alternative service sources that are as favorable or could obtain services with similar functionality as found in existing systems without the need to expend substantial resources, if at all, thereby resulting in a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 Failure to continue to attract, develop, and maintain a highly skilled workforce may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business requires that we attract, develop, and maintain a highly skilled workforce. Competition for qualified employees and personnel in the banking industry is strong, and there are a limited number of qualified persons with knowledge of, and experience in, the banking industry where we conduct our business. Our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel cost effectively is subject to a variety of external factors, including the limited availability of qualified personnel in the workforce in the local markets in which we operate, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, which have increased significantly, health and other insurance costs, and changes in employment and labor laws. Furthermore, the complexities introduced into the labor market as a result of the transition to increased work-from-home arrangements have impacted the competitive landscape in our labor market. Based on current conditions in the labor market, we have experienced some difficulty in retaining and attracting personnel and there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully do so. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Risks Related to Our Business Strategy 
 Our strategy includes growth plans through organic growth and by means of acquisitions. Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage our growth effectively. 
 We intend to continue pursuing a growth strategy through organic growth within our current footprint and through market expansion. We also actively evaluate acquisition opportunities as another source of growth. We cannot give assurance that we will be able to expand our existing market presence, or successfully enter new markets or that any such expansion will not adversely affect our results of operations. Failure to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, future prospects, financial condition or results of operations and could adversely affect our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 Our failure to find suitable acquisition candidates, or successfully bid against other competitors for acquisitions, could adversely affect our ability to fully implement our business strategy. If we are successful in acquiring other entities, the process of integrating such entities will divert significant management time and resources. We may not be able to integrate efficiently or operate profitably any entity we may acquire. We may experience disruption and incur unexpected expenses in integrating acquisitions. These failures could adversely impact our future prospects and results of operation. 
 We are subject to competition from both banks and non-banking companies. 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive, and we encounter strong competition for deposits, loans and other financial services in our market area, including online providers of these products and services. Our principal competitors include other local, regional and national financial services providers, such as other financial holding companies, commercial banks, credit unions, finance companies and brokerage and insurance firms, including competitors that provide their products and services online. Many of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same degree of regulation that we are and have advantages over us in providing certain services. Additionally, many of our competitors are significantly larger than we are and have greater access to capital and other resources. Failure to compete effectively for deposit, loan and other financial services customers in our markets could cause us to lose market share, slow our growth rate and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be required to raise capital in the future, but that capital may not be available or may not be on acceptable terms when it is needed. 
 We are required by federal regulatory authorities to maintain adequate capital levels to support operations. While we believe we currently have sufficient capital, if we cannot raise additional capital when needed, we may not be able to meet these requirements. In addition, our ability to further expand our operations through organic growth, which includes growth within our current footprint and growth through market expansion, may be adversely affected by any inability to raise necessary capital. Our ability to raise additional capital at any given time is dependent on capital market conditions at that time and on our financial performance and outlook. 
 Risks Related to Interest Rates and Investments 
 Our net interest income could be negatively affected by interest rate changes which may adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Our results of operations are largely dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between the interest and fees earned on interest-earning assets and the interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Therefore, any change in general market interest rates, including changes resulting from the Federal Reserve Board s policies, can have a significant effect on our net interest income and total income. There may be mismatches between the maturity and repricing of our assets and liabilities that could cause the net interest rate spread to compress, depending on the level and type of changes in the interest rate environment. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and the policies of various governmental agencies. In addition, some of our customers often have the ability to prepay loans or redeem deposits with either no penalties or penalties that are insufficient to compensate us for the lost income. A significant reduction in our net interest income will adversely affect our business and results of operations. If we are unable to manage interest rate risk effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Declines in the value of investment securities held by us could require write-downs, which would reduce our earnings. 
 In order to diversify earnings and enhance liquidity, we own debt instruments of government agencies and municipalities. We may be required to record impairment charges on our debt securities if they suffer a decline in value due to the underlying credit of the issuer. Additionally, the value of these investments may fluctuate depending on the interest rate environment, general economic conditions and circumstances specific to the issuer. Volatile market conditions may detrimentally affect the value of these securities, such as through reduced valuations due to the perception of heightened credit or liquidity risks. Changes in the value of these instruments may result in a reduction to earnings and/or capital, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance and Legal Matters 
 We are subject to extensive governmental regulation and supervision. 
 We are subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision and legislation that govern nearly every aspect of our operations. The regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors, customers and the banking system as a whole, not shareholders. These regulations affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted in July 2010, instituted major changes to the banking and financial institutions regulatory regimes. Other changes to statutes, regulations or policies could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. The regulatory environment of the current administration may take a more active approach to financial services regulation with respect to its major policy goals, such as climate change, racial equity, and consumer protection. Any regulatory changes could subject us to additional costs of regulatory compliance and of doing business, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things, and could divert management s time from other business activities. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance could lead to enforcement and other legal actions by federal or state authorities, including criminal or civil penalties, the loss of FDIC insurance, the revocation of a banking charter, other sanctions by regulatory agencies, and/or damage to our reputation. The ramifications and uncertainties of the level of government intervention in the U.S. financial system could also adversely affect us. 
 Our controls and policies and procedures may fail or be circumvented, which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Management regularly reviews and updates our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures and operating, risk management and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, policies and procedures, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, or operating, risk management and corporate governance policies and procedures, whether as a result of human error, misconduct or malfeasance, or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and policies and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Furthermore, we may in the future discover areas of our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, or operating, risk management and corporate governance policies and procedures that need improvement. Failure to maintain effective controls or to timely implement any necessary improvement of our internal and disclosure controls, or operating, risk management and corporate governance policies and procedures, could, among other things, result in losses from errors, harm our reputation, or cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Negative public opinion could damage our reputation and adversely impact our earnings and liquidity. 
 Reputational risk, or the risk to our business, earnings, liquidity and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our operations. Negative public opinion could result from our actual or alleged conduct in a variety of areas, including legal and regulatory compliance, lending practices, corporate governance, litigation, ethical issues or inadequate protection of customer information. Financial companies are highly vulnerable to reputational damage when they are found to have harmed customers, particularly retail customers, through conduct that is illegal or viewed as unfair, deceptive, manipulative or otherwise wrongful. We are dependent on third-party providers for a number of services that are important to our business. Refer to the risk factor titled, We rely on third-party providers for a number of services that are important to our business. An interruption or cessation of an important service by any third-party provider could have a material adverse effect on our business. for additional information. A failure by any of these third-party service providers could cause a disruption in our operations, which could result in negative public opinion about us or damage to our reputation. We expend significant resources to comply with regulatory requirements, and the failure to comply with such regulations could result in reputational harm or significant legal or remedial costs. Damage to our reputation could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract new customers and employees, expose us to litigation and regulatory action and adversely impact our earnings and liquidity. 
 Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock may be limited 
 Holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive only such dividends as our Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. The payment of common stock dividends by S T is subject to certain requirements and limitations of Pennsylvania law. Although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and our Board of Directors could reduce, suspend or eliminate our dividend at any time. Substantial portions of our revenue consist of dividend payments we receive from S T Bank. The payment of common dividends by S T Bank is subject to certain requirements and limitations under federal and state laws and regulations that limit the amount of dividends it can pay to S T. In addition, both S T and S T Bank are subject to various general regulatory policies relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums. Any decrease to or elimination of the dividends on our common stock could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We may be adversely impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate. 
 On July 27, 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom announced that it would phase out LIBOR as a benchmark by the end of 2021. In late 2020, the ICE Benchmark Administration (IBA) extended the cessation date for submission and publication of rates for all LIBOR currency-tenor pairs until June 30, 2023, except for the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors, which ceased on December 31, 2021. U.S. regulators, including the U.S. Federal Reserve, published a statement supporting the IBA s plans and urged banks to phase out LIBOR as soon as practicable. On March 5, 2021, IBA stated that it will cease the publication of (i) the overnight and 1, 3, 6 and 12 months USD LIBOR settings immediately following the LIBOR publication on June 30, 2023 and (ii) all other LIBOR settings, including the 1 week and 2 month USD LIBOR settings, immediately following the LIBOR publication on Friday, December 31, 2021. In October 2021, five federal financial institution regulatory agencies, in conjunction with the state bank and state credit union regulators, jointly issued a statement to emphasize the expectation that supervised institutions with LIBOR exposure continue to progress toward an orderly transition away from LIBOR. In that guidance, the agencies offered their regulatory expectations and outlined potential supervisory and enforcement consequences for banks that fail to adequately plan for and implement the transition away from LIBOR. The failure to properly transition away from LIBOR may result in increased supervisory scrutiny. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR however, other market alternatives have been developed. While SOFR has been adopted in select product areas it has not achieved full implementation as an alternative reference rate. At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to alternative reference rates as markets continue to transition away from LIBOR. While several states have enacted legislation addressing the LIBOR transition and others may do so and the U.S. House of Representatives passed LIBOR transition legislation on December 8, 2021, it remains unclear that these initiatives will fully address the issues with the LIBOR transition. 
 Furthermore, because of the complexity of the transition from LIBOR, at this time, it is not possible to predict what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to LIBOR, or what the effect of any such changes in views or alternatives may be on the value of LIBOR-based securities and variable rate loans, subordinated debentures, or other securities or financial arrangements. 
 We have a significant number of loans, derivative contracts, borrowings and other financial instruments with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR. We have established a committee to guide our transition from LIBOR and have begun efforts to transition to alternative rates consistent with industry timelines. We have identified products that utilize 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

LIBOR and are revising fallback language to facilitate the transition to alternative reference rates. Our failure to adequately manage the transition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters, including climate change and related legislative and regulatory initiatives. 
 There has been an increased focus from regulators, investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders concerning environmental, social and governance, or ESG, practices and disclosure, including climate change, hiring practices, the diversity of the work force, racial and social justice issues and shareholder rights. 
 With respect to environmental in particular, increased focus and concern over the effects of climate change have resulted in increased political and social initiatives directed toward climate change. Governments have entered into international agreements with respect to climate change, and U.S. federal and state legislatures, regulatory agencies, and supervisory authorities, including those with oversight of financial institutions, have proposed initiatives seeking to mitigate the effects of climate change. While many of the current regulatory proposals do not apply directly to S T, continued focus on climate change may lead to the promulgation of new regulations or supervisory guidance applicable to S T and, as a result, we may experience increased compliance costs and other compliance-related risks. Furthermore, our customers could be impacted by regulatory initiatives focused on addressing and mitigating the effects of climate change resulting in an adverse impact on their financial condition and creditworthiness. Depending on the nature of the initiative, the business impacted, and the composition of loan portfolio, our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted by climate change initiatives directed at our customers. Additionally, our business and the business of our customers could be negatively impacted by disruptions in economic activity resulting from the physical impacts of climate change. 
 Furthermore, new government regulations with respect to other environmental, social or governance matters could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanded mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, disclosure and ESG-related compliance costs. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals or perceived as not acting responsibly in connection with these matters. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards with respect to ESG matters could have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations, financial position, cash flows, ability to do business with certain third parties and our stock price. 
 Risks Related to Liquidity 
 We rely on a stable core deposit base as our primary source of liquidity. 
 We are dependent for our funding on a stable base of core deposits. Our ability to maintain a stable core deposit base is a function of our financial performance, our reputation and the security provided by FDIC insurance, which combined, gives customers confidence in us. If any of these considerations deteriorates, the stability of our core deposits could be harmed. In addition, deposit levels may be affected by factors such as general interest rate levels, rates paid by competitors, returns available to customers on alternative investments and general economic conditions. Accordingly, we may be required from time to time to rely on other sources of liquidity to meet withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations. 
 Our ability to meet contingency funding needs, in the event of a crisis that causes a disruption to our core deposit base, is dependent on access to wholesale markets, including funds provided by the FHLB of Pittsburgh. 
 We own stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, or FHLB, in order to qualify for membership in the FHLB system, which enables us to borrow on our line of credit with the FHLB that is secured by a blanket lien on a significant portion of our loan portfolio. Changes or disruptions to the FHLB or the FHLB system in general may materially impact our ability to meet short and long-term liquidity needs or meet growth plans. Additionally, we cannot be assured that the FHLB will be able to provide funding to us when needed, nor can we be certain that the FHLB will provide funds specifically to us, should our financial condition and/or our regulators prevent access to our line of credit. The inability to access this source of funds could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to meet our customer s needs. Our financial flexibility could be severely constrained if we were unable to maintain our access to funding or if adequate financing is not available at acceptable interest rates. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Risks Related to Owning Our Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results have varied significantly in the past and could vary significantly in the future, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. Our operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including the changing U.S. economic environment and changes in the commercial and residential real estate market, any of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate. If our operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Our stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors including, among other things: 
 volatility of stock market prices and volumes in general; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 changes in the conditions of credit markets; 
 changes in accounting policies or procedures as required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, or other regulatory agencies; 
 legislative and regulatory actions, including the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulations, that may subject us to additional regulatory oversight which may result in increased compliance costs and/or require us to change our business model; 
 government intervention in the U.S. financial system and the effects of and changes in trade and monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board; 
 additions or departures of key members of management; 
 fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; and 
 changes in analysts estimates of our financial performance. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We may be a defendant from time to time in a variety of litigation and other actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time to time, customers and others make claims and take legal action pertaining to the performance of our responsibilities. Whether customer claims and legal action related to the performance of our responsibilities are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, they may result in significant expenses, attention from management and financial liability. Any financial liability or reputational damage could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 There are no unresolved SEC staff comments. 
 Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 S T Bancorp, Inc. headquarters is located in Indiana, Pennsylvania. We operate in Pennsylvania and Ohio. At December 31, 2022, we operate 73 banking branches and four loan production offices, of which 43 are leased facilities. 
 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The nature of our business generates a certain amount of litigation that arises in the ordinary course of business. However, in management s opinion, there are no proceedings pending that we are a party to or to which our property is subject that would be material in relation to our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, no material proceedings are pending nor are known to be threatened or contemplated against us by governmental authorities or other parties. 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Stock Prices and Dividend Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market System, or NASDAQ, under the symbol STBA. As of the close of business on January 31, 2023, we had approximately 2,655 shareholders of record. The number of record-holders does not reflect the number of persons or entities holding stock in nominee name through banks, brokerage firms and other nominees. 
 As discussed under " Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock may be limited." included in Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I, the amount and timing of dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board and depends upon business conditions and regulatory requirements. The Board has the discretion to change the dividend at any time for any reason. The Board of Directors presently intends to continue the policy of paying quarterly cash dividends. The amount of any future dividends will depend on economic and market conditions, our financial condition and operating results and other factors, including applicable government regulations and policies. S T s Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of 0.32 per share on January 25, 2023. 
 Certain information relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is set forth under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information in Part III, Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters of this Report. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table is a summary of our purchases of common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plan (1) 
 Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plan 10/1/2022 - 10/31/2022 29,805,161 11/1/2022 - 11/30/2022 29,805,161 12/1/2022 - 12/31/2022 29,805,161 Total 29,805,161 
 1) On January 25, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized an extension of its 50 million share repurchase plan, which was set to expire March 31, 2023. This authorization extended the expiration date of the repurchase plan through March 31, 2024. The plan permits S T to repurchase shares up to the previously authorized 50 million in aggregate value of S T's common stock through a combination of open market and privately negotiated repurchases. The specific timing, price and quantity of repurchases will be at the discretion of S T and will depend on a variety of factors, including general market conditions, the trading price of common stock, legal and contractual requirements, applicable securities laws and S T's financial performance. The repurchase plan does not obligate us to repurchase any particular number of shares. We expect to fund any repurchases from cash on hand and internally generated funds. Share repurchases will not occur unless permissible under applicable laws. 
 Five-Year Cumulative Total Return 
 The following chart compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total shareholder return of the NASDAQ Composite Index (1) and the NASDAQ Bank Index (2) assuming a 100 investment in each on December 31, 2017 and the reinvestment of dividends. 

Source: Bloomberg 
 Period Ending Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 S T Bancorp, Inc. 100.00 97.33 106.56 68.84 90.64 102.07 NASDAQ Composite (1) 
 100.00 97.18 132.88 192.74 235.56 158.97 NASDAQ Bank (2) 
 100.00 83.83 104.26 96.44 137.82 115.38 
 (1) The NASDAQ Composite Index measures all NASDAQ domestic and international based common type stocks listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 (2) The NASDAQ Bank Index contains securities of NASDAQ-listed companies classified according to the Industry Classification Benchmark as Banks. These companies include banks providing a broad range of financial services, including retail banking, loans and money transmissions. 
 
 Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 This section reviews our financial condition for each of the past two years and results of operations for each of the past three years. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior periods to place them on a basis comparable with the current period presentation. Some tables may include additional time periods to illustrate trends within our consolidated financial statements. The results of operations reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future periods. 
 Important Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains or incorporates statements that we believe are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally relate to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, outlook for earnings, revenues, expenses, capital and liquidity levels and ratios, asset levels, asset quality, financial position and other matters regarding or affecting S T and its future business and operations. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as will likely result, expect, anticipate, estimate, forecast, project, intend, believe, assume, strategy, trend, plan, outlook, outcome, continue, remain, potential, opportunity, comfortable, current, position, maintain, sustain, seek, achieve, and variations of such words and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could or may. Although we believe the assumptions upon which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those made, projected, or implied in or by the forward-looking statements depending on a variety of uncertainties or other factors including, but not limited to: credit losses and the credit risk of our commercial and consumer loan products; changes in the level of charge-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, or ACL; cyber-security concerns; rapid technological developments and changes; operational risks or risk management failures by us or critical third parties, including fraud risk; our ability to manage our reputational risks; sensitivity to the interest rate environment including a prolonged period of low interest rates, a rapid increase in interest rates or a change in the shape of the yield curve; a change in spreads on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities; the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate; regulatory supervision and oversight, including changes in regulatory capital requirements and our ability to address those requirements; unanticipated changes in our liquidity position; unanticipated changes in regulatory and governmental policies impacting interest rates and financial markets; changes in accounting policies, practices or guidance; legislation affecting the financial services industry as a whole, and S T, in particular; the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings; increasing price and product/service competition; the ability to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis; managing our internal growth and acquisitions; the possibility that the anticipated benefits from acquisitions cannot be fully realized in a timely manner or at all, or that integrating the acquired operations will be more difficult, disruptive or costly than anticipated; containing costs and expenses; reliance on significant customer relationships; an interruption or cessation of an important service by a third-party provider; our ability to attract and retain talented executives and employees; general economic or business conditions, including the strength of regional economic conditions in our market area; environmental, social and governance practices and disclosures, including climate change, hiring practices, the diversity of the work force, and racial and social justice issues; the duration and severity of the coronavirus, or COVID-19 pandemic, both in our principal area of operations and nationally, including the ultimate impact of the pandemic on the economy generally and on our operations; our participation in the Paycheck Protection Program; deterioration of the housing market and reduced demand for mortgages; deterioration in the overall macroeconomic conditions or the state of the banking industry that could warrant further analysis of the carrying value of goodwill and could result in an adjustment to its carrying value resulting in a non-cash charge to net income; the stability of our core deposit base and access to contingency funding; re-emergence of turbulence in significant portions of the global financial and real estate markets that could impact our performance, both directly, by affecting our revenues and the value of our assets and liabilities, and indirectly, by affecting the economy generally and access to capital in the amounts, at the times and on the terms required to support our future businesses. 
 Many of these factors, as well as other factors, are described elsewhere in this report, including Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and any of our subsequent filings with the SEC. Forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. We caution you not to unduly rely on forward-looking statements because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations and projections about future events may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as to the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect developments occurring after the statement is made. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Application of these principles requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the consolidated financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, the consolidated financial statements could reflect different estimates, assumptions and judgments. Certain policies are based to a greater extent on estimates, assumptions and judgments of management and, as such, have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported. 
 Our most significant accounting policies are presented in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. These policies, along with the disclosures presented in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, provide information on how significant assets and liabilities are valued in the consolidated financial statements and how those values are determined. 
 We view critical accounting policies to be those which are highly dependent on subjective or complex estimates, assumptions and judgments and where changes in those estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements. Further, we view critical accounting estimates as those estimates made in accordance with 
 GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We currently view the determination of the ACL and goodwill and other intangible assets to be critical accounting policies. We did not significantly change the manner in which we applied our critical accounting policies or developed related assumptions or estimates during 2022. We have reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with the Audit Committee. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 In January 2020, we adopted ASC 326, which replaced the former incurred loss methodology with an expected credit loss methodology that requires consideration of a broader range of information to estimate expected credit losses over the lifetime of an asset. The ACL is a valuation reserve established and maintained by charges against operating income. It is an estimate of expected credit losses, measured over the contractual life of a loan, that considers historical loss experience, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. 
 Management s evaluation process used to determine the appropriateness of the ACL is complex and requires the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments which are inherently subject to high uncertainty. The evaluation process combines several factors: historical loan loss experience, managements ongoing review of lending policies and practices, experience and depth of staff, quality of the loan grading system, the fair value of underlying collateral, concentration of loans to specific borrowers or industries, existing economic conditions and forecasts, segment specific risks and other quantitative and qualitative factors which could affect future credit losses. Our reasonable and supportable forecast is based primarily on the national unemployment forecast produced by the Federal Reserve and is for a period of two years. For periods beyond our two-year forecast, we revert to historical loss rates utilizing a straight-line method over a one-year reversion period. Because current economic conditions and forecasts can change and future events are inherently difficult to predict, the anticipated amount of estimated credit losses on loans and the appropriateness of the ACL could change significantly. It is challenging to estimate how potential changes in any one economic factor or input might affect the overall allowance because a wide variety of factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. 
 In conjunction with our capital stress testing process, we consider different economic scenarios that impact the ACL. Among other balance sheet and income statement changes, our severely adverse scenario would have resulted in an increase to the ACL of approximately 90 percent. This severely adverse scenario shows how sensitive the ACL can be to key qualitative and quantitative assumptions underlying the overall ACL calculation. To the extent actual losses are higher than management estimates, additional provision for credit losses could be required and could adversely affect our earnings or financial position in future periods. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 As a result of acquisitions, we have recorded goodwill and identifiable intangible assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. 
 The acquisition method of accounting requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations are recorded at their fair values. This often involves estimates based on third-party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques which are inherently subjective. Business combinations also typically result in goodwill which is subject to ongoing periodic impairment tests based on the fair values of the reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The carrying value of goodwill is tested annually for impairment each October 1st or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that it may be impaired. We test for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount. An impairment charge would be recognized if the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by using both a discounted cash flow model and market based models. The discounted cash flow model has many assumptions including future earnings projections, a long-term growth rate and discount rate. The market based method calculates the fair value based on observed price multiples for similar companies. The fair values of each method are then weighted based on the relevance and reliability in the current economic environment. 
 We last completed a quantitative goodwill impairment test as of November 30, 2020 and concluded that goodwill was not impaired. A discount rate of 11.50 percent was used for the income approach. If the discount rate was increased 2 percent to 13.50 percent, our fair value would have still exceeded carrying value resulting in no goodwill impairment. Based upon our qualitative assessment performed for our annual impairment analysis as of October 1, 2022, we concluded that goodwill is not impaired. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Developments 
 Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report, discusses new accounting pronouncements that we have adopted and the expected impact of accounting pronouncements recently issued or proposed, but not yet required to be adopted. 
 Explanation of Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to traditional measures presented in accordance with GAAP, our management uses, and this report contains or references, certain non-GAAP financial measures identified below. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide information useful to investors in understanding our underlying operational performance and our business and performance trends as they facilitate comparisons with the performance of other companies in the financial services industry. Although we believe that these non-GAAP financial measures enhance investors understanding of our business and performance, these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered alternatives to GAAP or considered to be more important than financial results determined in accordance with GAAP, nor are they necessarily comparable with non-GAAP measures which may be presented by other companies. 
 The interest income on interest-earning assets, net interest income and net interest margin are presented on an FTE basis (non-GAAP). The FTE basis (non-GAAP) adjusts for the tax benefit of income on certain tax-exempt loans and securities and the dividend-received deduction for equity securities using the federal statutory tax rate of 21 percent for each period. We believe this to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income that provides a relevant comparison between taxable and non-taxable sources of interest income. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following table reconciles interest and dividend income per the Consolidated Statements of Net Income to interest income, net interest income and net interest margin on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) for the periods presented: 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Total interest and dividend income per Consolidated Statements of Net Income 340,751 289,262 320,464 Adjustment to FTE basis 2,052 2,316 3,202 Interest Income on an FTE Basis (Non-GAAP) 342,803 291,578 323,666 Total interest and dividend income per Consolidated Statements of Net Income 340,751 289,262 320,464 Total interest expense 24,968 13,150 41,076 Net Interest Income per Consolidated Statements of Net Income 315,783 276,112 279,388 Adjustment to FTE basis 2,052 2,316 3,202 Net Interest Income on an FTE Basis (Non-GAAP) 317,835 278,428 282,590 Net interest margin 3.74 3.19 3.34 Adjustment to FTE basis 0.02 0.03 0.04 Net Interest Margin on an FTE Basis (Non-GAAP) 3.76 3.22 3.38 
 The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by noninterest income plus net interest income, on an FTE basis (non-GAAP), which ensures comparability of net interest income arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources and is consistent with industry practice. Below is a reconciliation of the non-GAAP efficiency ratio. 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Efficiency Ratio (Non-GAAP) Noninterest expense per Consolidated Statements of Net Income 196,746 188,925 186,671 Less: merger related expenses 
 (2,342) Noninterest expense excluding nonrecurring items 196,746 188,925 184,329 Net interest income per Consolidated Statements of Net Income 
 315,783 276,112 279,388 Plus: taxable equivalent adjustment 
 2,052 2,316 3,202 Net interest income (FTE) (non-GAAP) 
 317,835 278,428 282,590 Noninterest income per Consolidated Statements of Net Income 
 58,259 64,696 59,746 Less: net (gains) losses on sale of securities 
 (198) (29) (142) Net interest income (FTE) (non-GAAP) plus noninterest income 
 375,896 343,095 342,194 Efficiency Ratio (Non-GAAP) 
 52.34 55.06 53.87 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Return on average tangible shareholders' equity (non-GAAP) is a key profitability metric used by management to measure financial performance. The following table provides a reconciliation of return on average tangible shareholders' equity (non-GAAP) by reconciling net income (GAAP) per the Consolidated Statements of Net Income to net income before amortization and intangibles and average shareholder's equity to average tangible shareholders' equity for the periods presented: 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income 135,520 110,343 21,040 Plus: amortization of intangibles, net of tax 1,199 1,400 2,001 Net income before amortization of intangibles 136,719 111,743 23,041 Average shareholders' equity 1,181,788 1,186,161 1,169,489 Less: average goodwill and other intangible assets, net of deferred tax liability (378,303) (379,612) (380,846) Average tangible shareholders' equity 803,485 806,549 788,643 Return on Average Tangible Shareholders' Equity (Non-GAAP) 17.02 13.85 2.92 
 
 Executive Overview 
 We are a bank holding company that is headquartered in Indiana, Pennsylvania with assets of 9.1 billion at December 31, 2022. We operate in Pennsylvania and Ohio. We provide a full range of financial services with retail and commercial banking products, cash management services, trust and brokerage services. Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "STBA." 
 We earn revenue primarily from interest on loans and securities and fees charged for financial services provided to our customers. We incur expenses for the cost of deposits and other funding sources, provision for credit losses and other operating costs such as salaries and employee benefits, data processing, occupancy and tax expense. 
 In 2022, we celebrated a great milestone, our 120-year anniversary. We finished 2022 with two consecutive quarters of record net income and earnings per share and record full year net income and earnings per share. We are focused on living our purpose of building a better future together through people-forward banking. Our future at S T is a world where everything we do daily reflects our purpose and is guided by our values. Our strategic priorities for 2023 and beyond will be focused on our deposit franchise, core profitability, asset quality and talent and engagement. 
 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Earnings Summary 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income 135,520 110,343 21,040 Earnings per share - diluted 3.46 2.81 0.53 Return on average assets 1.48 1.18 0.23 Return on average shareholders' equity 11.47 9.30 1.80 Return on average tangible shareholders' equity (non-GAAP) 17.02 13.85 2.92 
 We earned record net income of 135.5 million, an increase of 25.2 million or 22.8 percent, compared to net income of 110.3 million in 2021. Earnings per diluted share increased 23.1 percent to 3.46 in 2022 compared to 2.81 in 2021.The increase in net income was primarily due to higher net interest income related to rising interest rates and a lower provision for credit losses related to improving economic conditions. Net income in 2020 was impacted by a pre-tax loss of 58.7 million related to a customer fraud resulting from a check kiting scheme. The fraud was perpetrated by a single business customer and the customer has plead guilty in a criminal investigation. We continue to pursue all available sources of recovery to mitigate the loss. Return on average assets increased 30 basis points to 1.48 percent for 2022 compared to 1.18 percent for 2021. Return on average shareholders' equity increased 217 basis points to 11.47 percent for 2022 compared to 9.30 percent for 2021. 
 Net interest income increased 39.7 million, or 14.4 percent, to 315.8 million compared to 276.1 million in 2021. Interest and dividend income increased 51.5 million and interest expense increased 11.8 million compared to 2021. The net 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 interest margin, or NIM, on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) increased 54 basis points to 3.76 percent compared to 3.22 percent in 2021. The increases in net interest income and NIM on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) were primarily due to higher interest rates during 2022. NIM is reconciled to net interest margin adjusted to an FTE basis (non-GAAP) above in the "Explanation of Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section of this MD A. 
 The provision for credit losses decreased 7.8 million to 8.4 million for 2022 compared to 16.2 million for 2021. The decrease in the provision for credit losses during 2022 was mainly due to a reduction in net charge-offs in 2022. Net loan charge-offs were 2.6 million, or 0.04 percent of average loans, in 2022 compared to 34.5 million, or 0.49 percent of average loans, in 2021. 
 Noninterest income decreased 6.4 million to 58.3 million compared to 64.7 million in 2021. Mortgage banking decreased 7.5 million due to a decline in loan sale activity caused by rising interest rates and a shift to holding originated mortgage loans. Other noninterest income decreased 1.8 million primarily related to a 3.1 million decline in the fair value of assets in a nonqualified benefit plan partially offset by a net gain on the sale of OREO. Service charges on deposit accounts and debit and credit card fees increased 2.8 million due to increased customer activity. 
 Noninterest expense increased 7.8 million to 196.7 million compared to 188.9 million in 2021. Salaries and employee benefits increased 3.0 million primarily due to base rate increases and higher incentives. Professional and legal increased 2.0 million due to increased consulting engagements compared to 2021. Marketing increased 1.0 million due to increased marketing efforts. Other noninterest expense increased 1.8 million in 2022 primarily due to a lease impairment and increased travel and entertainment expenses. These higher expenses were offset by decreases in FDIC insurance of 1.4 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) for 2022 improved to 52.34 percent compared to 55.06 percent for 2021. A reconciliation of the efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) is provided above in the "Explanation of Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section of this MD A. 
 The provision for income taxes increased 8.1 million to 33.4 million in 2022 compared to 25.3 million in 2021. The increase in our income tax provision was primarily due to a 33.3 million increase in pretax income in 2022 compared to 2021. The effective tax rate increased 1.1 percent to 19.8 percent in 2022 compared to 18.7 percent in 2021. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to significantly higher income before taxes in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Net Interest Income 
 Our principal source of revenue is net interest income. Net interest income represents the difference between the interest and fees earned on interest-earning assets and the interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is affected by changes in the average balance of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and changes in interest rates and spreads. The level and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities is managed by our Asset and Liability Committee, or ALCO, in order to mitigate interest rate and liquidity risks of the balance sheet. A variety of ALCO strategies were implemented, within prescribed ALCO risk parameters, to produce what we believe is an acceptable level of net interest income. 
 As part of our interest rate risk management strategy, we use interest rate swaps to add stability to net interest income by managing our exposure to interest rate movements. During 2022, we entered into interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of 500.0 million with original maturities ranging from three to five years. Our strategy is to reduce our exposure to variability in expected future cash flows related to interest payments on commercial loans that are currently indexed to the 1-month LIBOR rate. Interest rates have increased substantially in 2022 resulting in a loss on the cash flow hedges of 16.8 million which is reported in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), or OCI, net of applicable taxes. 
 Average Balance Sheet and Net Interest Income Analysis 
 The following table provides information regarding the average balances, interest and rates earned on interest-earning assets and the average balances, interest and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31: 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Rate ASSETS Interest-bearing deposits with banks 378,323 2,952 0.78 722,057 973 0.13 179,887 515 0.29 Securities at fair value (2)(3) 
 1,017,471 22,880 2.25 832,304 18,135 2.18 764,311 19,011 2.49 Loans held for sale 1,115 49 4.38 4,094 124 3.03 5,105 160 3.13 Commercial real estate 3,182,821 139,575 4.39 3,249,559 119,594 3.68 3,347,234 140,288 4.19 Commercial and industrial 1,706,861 83,568 4.90 1,829,563 75,860 4.15 2,018,318 77,752 3.85 Commercial construction 401,780 18,795 4.68 471,286 15,443 3.28 442,088 16,702 3.78 Total commercial loans 5,291,462 241,938 4.57 5,550,407 210,897 3.80 5,807,640 234,742 4.04 Residential mortgage 980,134 40,146 4.10 881,494 36,211 4.11 964,740 40,998 4.25 Home equity 611,134 25,887 4.24 543,777 18,822 3.46 539,461 21,469 3.98 Installment and other consumer 119,703 7,177 6.00 90,129 5,351 5.94 80,032 5,248 6.56 Consumer construction 33,922 1,198 3.53 14,748 668 4.53 13,484 594 4.40 Total consumer loans 1,744,893 74,408 4.26 1,530,148 61,052 3.99 1,597,717 68,309 4.28 Total portfolio loans 7,036,355 316,346 4.50 7,080,555 271,949 3.84 7,405,357 303,051 4.09 Total Loans (1)(2) 
 7,037,470 316,395 4.50 7,084,649 272,073 3.84 7,410,462 303,211 4.09 Total other earning assets 12,694 577 4.54 10,363 397 3.83 18,234 929 5.10 Total Interest-earning Assets 8,445,958 342,804 4.06 8,649,372 291,578 3.37 8,372,894 323,666 3.87 Noninterest-earning assets 721,080 726,478 779,853 Total Assets 9,167,038 9,375,850 9,152,747 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Interest-bearing demand 918,222 1,025 0.11 956,211 809 0.08 961,823 2,681 0.28 Money market 1,909,208 11,948 0.63 2,033,631 3,651 0.18 2,040,116 11,645 0.57 Savings 1,121,818 1,121 0.10 1,047,855 366 0.03 899,717 972 0.11 Certificates of deposit 993,722 5,813 0.58 1,255,370 5,930 0.47 1,517,643 20,688 1.36 Total Interest-bearing deposits 4,942,970 19,907 0.40 5,293,066 10,757 0.20 5,419,299 35,986 0.66 Securities sold under repurchase agreements 35,836 36 0.10 69,964 79 0.11 57,673 169 0.29 Short-term borrowings 40,013 1,659 4.15 6,301 12 0.19 155,753 1,434 0.92 Long-term borrowings 19,090 411 2.15 22,995 458 1.99 47,953 1,201 2.50 Junior subordinated debt securities 54,420 2,395 4.40 61,653 1,843 2.99 64,092 2,286 3.57 Total borrowings 149,359 4,501 3.01 160,913 2,392 1.49 325,471 5,090 1.56 Total other costing liabilities 15,163 560 3.69 Total Interest-bearing Liabilities 5,107,492 24,968 0.49 5,453,979 13,150 0.24 5,744,770 41,076 0.72 Noninterest-bearing liabilities 2,877,758 2,735,710 2,238,488 Shareholders equity 1,181,788 1,186,161 1,169,489 Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 9,167,038 9,375,850 9,152,747 Net Interest Income (2)(3) 
 317,836 278,428 282,590 Net Interest Margin (2)(3) 
 3.76 3.22 3.38 
 (1) Nonaccruing loans are included in the daily average loan amounts outstanding. 
 (2) Tax-exempt income is on an FTE basis using the statutory federal corporate income tax rate of 21 percent . 
 (3) Taxable investment income is adjusted for the dividend-received deduction for equity securities. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following table sets forth for the periods presented a summary of the changes in interest earned and interest paid resulting from changes in volume and changes in rates: 
 2022 Compared to 2021 Increase (Decrease) Due to 2021 Compared to 2020 Increase (Decrease) Due to (dollars in thousands) Volume (4) 
 Rate (4) 
 Net Volume (4) 
 Rate (4) 
 Net Interest earned on: Interest-bearing deposits with banks (463) 2,443 1,980 1,552 (1,095) 457 Securities at fair value (2)(3) 
 4,035 710 4,745 1,691 (2,566) (875) Loans held for sale (90) 15 (75) (32) (4) (36) Commercial real estate (2,456) 22,437 19,981 (4,094) (16,601) (20,695) Commercial and industrial (5,088) 12,796 7,708 (7,271) 5,380 (1,892) Commercial construction (2,278) 5,630 3,352 1,103 (2,362) (1,259) Total commercial loans (9,822) 40,863 31,041 (10,262) (13,584) (23,846) Residential mortgage 4,052 (117) 3,935 (3,538) (1,249) (4,787) Home equity 2,332 4,733 7,065 172 (2,819) (2,647) Installment and other consumer 1,756 70 1,826 662 (559) 103 Consumer construction 868 (338) 530 56 19 74 Total consumer loans 9,008 4,348 13,356 (2,648) (4,609) (7,257) Total portfolio loans (814) 45,211 44,397 (12,910) (18,193) (31,103) Total loans (1)(2) 
 (904) 45,226 44,322 (12,942) (18,197) (31,139) Total other earning assets 89 90 179 (401) (131) (533) Change in Interest Earned on Interest-earning Assets 2,757 48,469 51,226 (10,100) (21,989) (32,089) Interest paid on: Interest-bearing demand (32) 248 216 (16) (1,857) (1,872) Money market (224) 8,520 8,296 (37) (7,957) (7,994) Savings 26 728 754 160 (765) (605) Certificates of deposit (1,236) 1,119 (117) (3,575) (11,182) (14,757) Total interest-bearing deposits (1,466) 10,615 9,149 (3,468) (21,761) (25,229) Securities sold under repurchase agreements (38) (5) (43) 36 (126) (90) Short-term borrowings 65 1,582 1,647 (1,376) (46) (1,422) Long-term borrowings (78) 31 (47) (625) (118) (743) Junior subordinated debt securities (216) 768 552 (87) (356) (443) Total borrowings (267) 2,376 2,109 (2,052) (645) (2,697) Total other costing liabilities 560 560 Change in Interest Paid on Interest-bearing Liabilities (1,173) 12,991 11,818 (5,520) (22,406) (27,926) Change in Net Interest Income 3,930 35,478 39,408 (4,580) 417 (4,163) 
 (1) Nonaccruing loans are included in the daily average loan amounts outstanding. 
 (2) Tax-exempt income is on an FTE basis using the statutory federal corporate income tax rate of 21 percent. 
 (3) Taxable investment income is adjusted for the dividend-received deduction for equity securities. 
 (4) Changes to rate/volume are allocated to both rate and volume on a proportionate dollar basis. 
 Net interest income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) increased 39.4 million, or 14.2 percent, compared to 2021. The net interest margin, or NIM, on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) increased 54 basis points to 3.76 percent compared to 3.22 percent in 2021. The increases in net interest income and NIM on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) were primarily due to higher interest rates during 2022. NIM on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) was also positively impacted by lower average cash balances. Average interest-bearing deposits with banks decreased 343.7 million compared to 2021. 
 Interest income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) increased 51.2 million compared to 2021. The increase in interest income was primarily due to higher interest rates partially offset by lower Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP, income. Average PPP loans decreased 301.7 million compared to 2021. Average loan balances, excluding PPP loans, increased 254.5 million compared to 2021. The average yield on loans increased 66 basis points compared to 2021 due to higher interest rates. Average securities increased 185.2 million compared to 2021 due to interest-bearing deposits with banks being redeployed to higher yielding assets. Average interest-bearing deposits with banks decreased 343.7 million compared to 2021 due to decreased deposit balances and increased securities. Overall, the FTE rate (non-GAAP) on interest-earning assets increased 69 basis points compared to 2021. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Interest expense increased 11.8 million compared to 2021. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to higher interest rates. Average interest-bearing deposits decreased 350.1 million compared to 2021 due to the competitive market driven by rising interest rates. The average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits increased 20 basis points due to increased interest rates. Average demand deposits increased 111.1 million compared to 2021; however, overall deposit balances were down year-over-year. Average borrowings decreased 11.6 million compared to 2021 primarily due to the discontinuation of the customer repurchase agreement product and the payoff of a subordinated debt. Short-term borrowings increased 33.7 million and the average rate paid increased 396 basis points. Overall, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased 25 basis points compared to 2021. 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses includes a provision for losses on loans and on unfunded loan commitments. The provision for credit losses fluctuates based on changes in loan balances, risk ratings, net loan charge-offs and our CECL assumptions. The provision for credit losses decreased 7.8 million to 8.4 million for 2022 compared to 16.2 million for 2021. The provision for credit losses included 3.0 million for the reserve for unfunded commitments for 2022 compared to 0.7 million for 2021. 
 The decrease in the provision for credit losses was primarily due to significantly lower net charge-offs in 2022 compared to 2021. Net loan charge-offs were 2.6 million in 2022 compared to 34.5 million in 2021. Contributing to the decrease in the provision for credit losses was a 1.7 million reduction in specific reserves on loans individually assessed due to the resolution of a C I relationship through a note sale which resulted in a 5.5 million charge-off during the second quarter of 2022. Offsetting the decrease in provision for credit losses during 2022 was a 2.3 million increase in the provision for unfunded loan commitments primarily due to an increase in loss rates and unused commitments in the construction portfolio. 
 Refer to the Credit Quality section of this MD A for further details. 
 Noninterest Income 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Securities gains, net 198 29 169 582.8 Debit and credit card 19,008 17,952 1,056 5.9 Service charges on deposit accounts 16,829 15,040 1,789 11.9 Wealth management 12,717 12,889 (172) (1.3) Mortgage banking 2,215 9,734 (7,519) (77.2) Other 7,292 9,052 (1,760) (19.4) Total Noninterest Income 58,259 64,696 (6,437) (9.9) 
 Noninterest income decreased 6.4 million to 58.3 million compared to 64.7 million in 2021. Mortgage banking decreased 7.5 million due to a decline in loan sale activity caused by rising interest rates and a shift to holding originated mortgage loans. Other noninterest income decreased 1.8 million primarily related to a 3.1 million decline in the fair value of assets in a nonqualified benefit plan, which has a corresponding offset in salaries and benefits resulting in no impact to net income, partially offset by a net gain on the sale of OREO. Service charges on deposit accounts increased 1.8 million and debit and credit card fees increased 1.1 million due to increased customer activity. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Noninterest Expense 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 103,221 100,214 3,007 3.0 Data processing and information technology 16,918 16,681 237 1.4 Occupancy 14,812 14,544 268 1.8 Furniture, equipment and software 11,606 10,684 922 8.6 Professional services and legal 8,318 6,368 1,950 30.6 Other taxes 6,620 6,644 (24) (0.4) FDIC insurance 2,854 4,224 (1,370) (32.4) Marketing 5,600 4,553 1,047 23.0 Other 26,797 25,013 1,784 7.1 Total Other Noninterest Expense 196,746 188,925 7,821 4.1 
 Noninterest expense increased 7.8 million to 196.7 million compared to 188.9 million in 2021. Salaries and employee benefits increased 3.0 million during 2022 primarily due to base rate increases and higher incentives offset by a change in the fair value of assets in a nonqualified benefit plan. Professional services and legal increased 2.0 million due to higher consulting expense compared to 2021. Marketing expense increased 1.0 million due to increased marketing efforts and timing of various promotions. Other noninterest expense increased 1.8 million primarily due to a lease impairment and increased travel and entertainment expenses. FDIC insurance expense decreased 1.4 million due to a lower assessment base and improvements in the components used to determine the assessment. 
 Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes increased to 33.4 million in 2022 compared to 25.3 million for 2021. The increase in our income tax provision was primarily due to a 33.3 million increase in income before taxes in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 The effective tax rate, which is total tax expense as a percentage of income before taxes, increased to 19.8 percent in 2022 compared to 18.7 percent in 2021. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to significantly higher income before taxes in 2022 compared to 2021. We have generated an annual effective tax rate that is less than the statutory rate of 21 percent due to benefits resulting from tax-exempt interest, excludable dividend income, tax-exempt income on Bank Owned Life Insurance, or BOLI, and tax benefits associated with Low Income Housing Tax Credits, or LIHTC. 
 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 COVID-19 Pandemic Update 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security, or CARES Act was signed into law. It contained substantial tax and spending provisions intended to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act included the Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP, a 349 billion program designed to aid small and medium sized businesses through federally guaranteed loans distributed through banks. The PPP and Health Care Enhancement Act, or PPP/HCEA, was signed into law on April 24, 2020. The PPP/HCEA authorized an additional 310 billion of funding under the CARES Act for PPP loans among other provisions. On July 4, 2020, legislation was passed to extend the application period for the PPP through August 8, 2020.These loans are intended to cover eight weeks of payroll and other permitted expenses to help those businesses remain viable. The PPP ended on May 31, 2021. 
 We originated 771.5 million of PPP loans during 2020 and 2021. PPP loans are forgivable, in whole or in part, if the proceeds are used for payroll and other permitted expenses in accordance with the requirements of the PPP. These loans carry a fixed rate of 1.00 percent and a term of two years, or five years for loans approved by the SBA, on or after June 5, 2020. Payments are deferred for at least six months of the loan. The loans are 100 percent guaranteed by the SBA. 
 We increased our ACL in 2021 to be responsive to the additional risk related to the COVID-19 pandemic. We did experience improvement in our asset quality during 2021, but remain cautious given the current environment. The hotel portfolio improved in the second half of 2021 with 34.0 million of loans being returned to performing status due to improved operating performance. Our balance sheet is asset sensitive resulting in our net interest income and net interest margin, or NIM, being negatively impacted in this low interest rate environment. Loan demand was challenging in the first half of 2021, but we saw growth trends improving late in the second quarter and for the third and fourth quarter of 2021. Net interest income was favorably impacted by PPP loans which contributed to net interest income 17.3 million for 2021 and 11.4 million for 2020. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 In order to assist our customers through this difficult period, we have provided the following assistance, which may have an adverse impact on our results in the short term, but which we believe will provide better outcomes in the long term for our customers and for S T. 
 We provided needs-based payment deferrals and modifications to interest only periods to commercial loans during 2020 and 2021 totaling 995.7 million. Only 28.8 million remain on deferral at December 31, 2021. 
 We provided loan payment deferrals, with no negative credit bureau reporting, to mortgage and consumer loans during 2020 and 2021 totaling 81.6 million. No loans remain on deferral at December 31, 2021. 
 None of these were designated troubled debt restructurings, or TDRs, for accounting purposes. 
 Earnings Summary 
 Net income increased 89.3 million to 110.3 million, or 2.81 per diluted share, in 2021 compared to 21.0 million, or 0.53 per diluted share in 2020. This net increase was primarily due to a lower provision for credit losses related to improving economic conditions, as well the offsetting impact of the 2020 customer fraud that reduced net income by 46.3 million, or 1.19 per share. We experienced a pre-tax loss of 58.7 million related to a customer fraud resulting from a check kiting scheme during 2020. The fraud was perpetrated by a single business customer and the customer has plead guilty in a criminal investigation. We continue to pursue all available sources of recovery to mitigate the loss. 
 Return on average assets, or ROA, was 1.18 percent and return on average equity, or ROE, was 9.30 percent for 2021 compared to ROA of 0.23 percent and ROE of 1.80 percent for 2020. 
 Net interest income decreased 3.3 million to 276.1 million compared to 2020. The decrease in interest income was primarily due to lower average loan balances and the low rate interest environment compared to 2020. Average loan balances decreased 325.8 million compared to 2020. Net interest income was favorably impacted by PPP loans which contributed 17.3 million compared to 11.4 million in 2020. Average interest-bearing deposits decreased 126.2 million compared to 2020. The net interest margin, or NIM, on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) decreased 16 basis points compared to 2020. The decrease is primarily due to higher average cash balances and the low interest rate environment. PPP loans positively impacted the NIM on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) by 8 basis points compared to the negative impact of 3 basis points in 2020. NIM is reconciled to net interest income adjusted to an FTE basis (non-GAAP) above in the "Explanation of Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section of this MD A. 
 The provision for credit losses was 16.2 million for 2021 compared to 131.4 million in 2020. Excluding a customer fraud loss of 58.7 million, the provision for credit losses was 72.7 million for 2020. The significant decrease in the provision for credit losses during 2021 was mainly due to the customer fraud in 2020 and an improved outlook for the economy and our loan portfolio. Net loan charge-offs were 34.5 million, or 0.49 percent of average loans, in 2021 compared to 103.4 million, or 1.40 percent of average loans, during 2020. Excluding the customer fraud, net loan charge-offs were 44.7 million, or 0.61 percent of average loans in 2020. 
 Noninterest income increased 4.9 million to 64.6 million compared to 59.7 million in 2020. Wealth management income increased 2.9 million due to customer growth and improved market conditions. Debit and credit card fees increased 2.9 million and service charges on deposit accounts increased 1.4 million due to increased customer activity. These were offset by lower commercial loan swap income of 3.6 million and mortgage banking income of 1.2 million. 
 Noninterest expense increased 2.2 million to 188.8 million compared to 186.6 million in 2020. Salaries and employee benefits increased 10.1 million primarily due to higher incentives. Data processing and information technology increased 1.2 million due to new products and services in 2021. These higher expenses were offset by decreases in other noninterest expense of 4.1 million, merger related expenses of 2.3 million and marketing of 1.4 million. The efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) for 2021 was 55.05 percent compared to 53.86 percent for 2020. 
 The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by noninterest income plus net interest income, on an FTE basis, which ensures comparability of net interest income arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources and is consistent with industry practice. A reconciliation of the efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) is provided above in the "Explanation of Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section of this MD A. 
 The provision for income taxes increased to 25.3 million in 2021 compared to nearly zero for 2020. The increase in our income tax provision was primarily due to a 114.6 million increase in pretax income in 2021 compared to 2020 when pretax income was impacted by significantly higher provision for credit losses. The effective tax rate increased to 18.7 percent in 2021 compared to a nominal negative annual effective tax rate in 2020. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to significantly higher income before taxes in 2021 compared to 2020. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Net Interest Income 
 The interest income on interest-earning assets and the net interest margin are presented on an FTE basis. The FTE basis adjusts for the tax benefit of income on certain tax-exempt loans and securities and the dividend-received deduction for equity securities using the federal statutory tax rate of 21 percent and the dividend-received deduction for equity securities. We believe this to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income that provides a relevant comparison between taxable and non-taxable sources of interest income. 
 Interest and dividend income per the Consolidated Statements of Net Income is reconciled to interest income, net interest income and net interest margin on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) above in the "Explanation of Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section of this MD A. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Average Balance Sheet and Net Interest Income Analysis 
 The following table provides information regarding the average balances, interest and rates earned on interest-earning assets and the average balances, interest and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31: 
 2021 2020 2019 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Rate ASSETS Interest-bearing deposits with banks 722,057 973 0.13 179,887 515 0.29 59,941 1,233 2.06 Securities at fair value (2)(3) 
 832,304 18,135 2.18 764,311 19,011 2.49 678,069 17,876 2.64 Loans held for sale 4,094 124 3.03 5,105 160 3.13 2,169 84 3.88 Commercial real estate 3,249,559 119,594 3.68 3,347,234 140,288 4.19 2,945,278 144,877 4.92 Commercial and industrial 1,829,563 75,860 4.15 2,018,318 77,752 3.85 1,575,485 79,429 5.04 Commercial construction 471,286 15,443 3.28 442,088 16,702 3.78 278,665 14,237 5.11 Total commercial loans 5,550,407 210,897 3.80 5,807,640 234,742 4.04 4,799,428 238,543 4.97 Residential mortgage 881,494 36,211 4.11 964,740 40,998 4.25 765,604 33,889 4.43 Home equity 543,777 18,822 3.46 539,461 21,469 3.98 475,149 25,208 5.31 Installment and other consumer 90,129 5,351 5.94 80,032 5,248 6.56 72,283 5,173 7.16 Consumer construction 14,748 668 4.53 13,484 594 4.40 10,896 593 5.44 Total consumer loans 1,530,148 61,052 3.99 1,597,717 68,309 4.28 1,323,932 64,863 4.90 Total portfolio loans 7,080,555 271,949 3.84 7,405,357 303,051 4.09 6,123,360 303,406 4.95 Total Loans (1)(2) 
 7,084,649 272,073 3.84 7,410,462 303,211 4.09 6,125,529 303,490 4.95 Federal Home Loan Bank and other restricted stock 10,363 397 3.83 18,234 929 5.10 21,833 1,642 7.52 Total Interest-earning Assets 8,649,372 291,578 3.37 8,372,894 323,666 3.87 6,885,372 324,241 4.71 Noninterest-earning assets 726,478 779,853 550,164 Total Assets 9,375,850 9,152,747 7,435,536 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Interest-bearing demand 956,211 809 0.08 961,823 2,681 0.28 641,403 3,915 0.61 Money market 2,033,631 3,651 0.18 2,040,116 11,645 0.57 1,691,910 30,236 1.79 Savings 1,047,855 366 0.03 899,717 972 0.11 766,142 1,928 0.25 Certificates of deposit 1,255,370 5,930 0.47 1,517,643 20,688 1.36 1,396,706 26,947 1.93 Total Interest-bearing deposits 5,293,066 10,757 0.20 5,419,299 35,986 0.66 4,496,161 63,026 1.40 Securities sold under repurchase agreements 69,964 79 0.11 57,673 169 0.29 16,863 110 0.65 Short-term borrowings 6,301 12 0.19 155,753 1,434 0.92 255,264 6,416 2.51 Long-term borrowings 22,995 458 1.99 47,953 1,201 2.50 66,392 1,831 2.76 Junior subordinated debt securities 61,653 1,843 2.99 64,092 2,286 3.57 47,934 2,310 4.82 Total borrowings 160,913 2,392 1.49 325,471 5,090 1.56 386,453 10,667 2.76 Total Interest-bearing Liabilities 5,453,979 13,150 0.24 5,744,770 41,076 0.72 4,882,614 73,693 1.51 Noninterest-bearing liabilities 2,735,710 2,238,488 1,569,014 Shareholders equity 1,186,161 1,169,489 983,908 Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 9,375,850 9,152,747 7,435,536 Net Interest Income (2)(3) 
 278,428 282,590 250,548 Net Interest Margin (2)(3) 
 3.22 3.38 3.64 
 (1) Nonaccruing loans are included in the daily average loan amounts outstanding. 
 (2) Tax-exempt income is on an FTE basis using the statutory federal corporate income tax rate of 21 percent . 
 (3) Taxable investment income is adjusted for the dividend-received deduction for equity securities. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following table sets forth for the periods presented a summary of the changes in interest earned and interest paid resulting from changes in volume and changes in rates: 
 2021 Compared to 2020 Increase (Decrease) Due to 2020 Compared to 2019 Increase (Decrease) Due to (dollars in thousands) Volume (4) 
 Rate (4) 
 Net Volume (4) 
 Rate (4) 
 Net Interest earned on: Interest-bearing deposits with banks 1,552 (1,095) 457 2,467 (3,185) (718) Securities at fair value (2)(3) 
 1,691 (2,566) (875) 2,274 (1,139) 1,135 Loans held for sale (32) (4) (36) 114 (38) 76 Commercial real estate (4,094) (16,601) (20,695) 19,772 (24,361) (4,589) Commercial and industrial (7,271) 5,380 (1,892) 22,326 (24,003) (1,677) Commercial construction 1,103 (2,362) (1,259) 8,349 (5,884) 2,465 Total commercial loans (10,262) (13,584) (23,846) 50,447 (54,248) (3,801) Residential mortgage (3,538) (1,249) (4,787) 8,815 (1,706) 7,109 Home equity 172 (2,819) (2,647) 3,412 (7,151) (3,739) Installment and other consumer 662 (559) 103 555 (480) 75 Consumer construction 56 19 74 141 (140) 1 Total consumer loans (2,648) (4,609) (7,257) 12,923 (9,477) 3,446 Total portfolio loans (12,910) (18,193) (31,103) 63,370 (63,725) (355) Total loans (1)(2) 
 (12,942) (18,197) (31,139) 63,484 (63,763) (279) Federal Home Loan Bank and other restricted stock (401) (131) (533) (271) (442) (713) Change in Interest Earned on Interest-earning Assets (10,100) (21,989) (32,089) 67,954 (68,529) (575) Interest paid on: Interest-bearing demand (16) (1,857) (1,872) 1,956 (3,190) (1,234) Money market (37) (7,957) (7,994) 6,223 (24,814) (18,591) Savings 160 (765) (605) 336 (1,292) (956) Certificates of deposit (3,575) (11,182) (14,757) 2,333 (8,592) (6,259) Total interest-bearing deposits (3,468) (21,761) (25,229) 10,848 (37,888) (27,040) Securities sold under repurchase agreements 36 (126) (90) 266 (207) 59 Short-term borrowings (1,376) (46) (1,422) (2,501) (2,481) (4,982) Long-term borrowings (625) (118) (743) (509) (121) (630) Junior subordinated debt securities (87) (356) (443) 779 (803) (24) Total borrowings (2,052) (645) (2,697) (1,965) (3,612) (5,577) Change in Interest Paid on Interest-bearing Liabilities (5,520) (22,406) (27,926) 8,883 (41,500) (32,617) Change in Net Interest Income (4,580) 417 (4,163) 59,071 (27,029) 32,042 
 (1) Nonaccruing loans are included in the daily average loan amounts outstanding. 
 (2) Tax-exempt income is on an FTE basis using the statutory federal corporate income tax rate of 21 percent. 
 (3) Taxable investment income is adjusted for the dividend-received deduction for equity securities. 
 (4) Changes to rate/volume are allocated to both rate and volume on a proportionate dollar basis. 
 Net interest income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) decreased 4.2 million compared to 2020. The decline was primarily due to lower average loan balances compared to 2020. Net interest income was favorably impacted by PPP loans which contributed 17.3 million compared to 11.4 million in 2020. The net interest margin, or NIM, on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) decreased 16 basis points compared to 2020. The decrease is primarily due to higher average cash balances and the low interest rate environment. PPP loans positively impacted the net interest margin on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) by 8 basis points compared to the negative impact of 3 basis points in 2020. 
 Interest income on an FTE basis (non-GAAP) decreased 32.1 million compared to 2020. The decrease in interest income was primarily due to lower average loan balances compared to 2020 and the continued low interest rate environment. Average loan balances decreased 325.8 million compared to 2020. Average PPP loans decreased 53.7 million compared to 2020. The average rate earned on loans decreased 25 basis points primarily due to lower short-term interest rates. Average interest-bearing deposits with banks increased 542.2 million compared to 2020 due to PPP loan forgiveness, lower loan balances and a significant increase in average deposits as a result of customer PPP loans and stimulus payments along with customers' liquidity preferences. Overall, the FTE rate on interest-earning assets (non-GAAP) decreased 50 basis points compared to 2020. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Interest expense decreased 27.9 million compared to 2020. The decrease was primarily due to lower short-term interest rates. Average interest-bearing deposits decreased 126.2 million compared to 2020. The average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits decreased 46 basis points compared to 2020 primarily due to lower short-term interest rates. The interest-bearing deposit decreases are favorably offset by a 521.8 million increase in demand deposits. We experienced demand deposit growth due to customer PPP loans and stimulus payments along with customers' liquidity preferences. Brokered deposits decreased 216.0 million and borrowings decreased 164.6 million compared to 2020 due to maturities and a reduced need for wholesale funding. Overall, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased 48 basis points compared to 2020. 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses, which includes a provision for losses on loans and on unfunded loan commitments, is a charge to earnings to maintain the ACL at a level consistent with management's assessment of expected losses in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The provision for credit losses decreased 115.2 million to 16.2 million for 2021 compared to 131.4 million for 2020. Excluding the customer fraud loss of 58.7 million, the provision for credit losses was 72.7 million for 2020. 
 The significant decrease in the provision for credit losses during 2021 was mainly due to the customer fraud in 2020 and an improved outlook for the economy and our loan portfolio. Our total qualitative reserve decreased 7.3 million compared to 2020. The decrease was primarily due to improved economic conditions offset by additional segment allocations for our healthcare and C I portfolios along with the increased uncertainty at year-end related to the COVID-19 Omicron variant. Specific reserves on loans individually assessed decreased 11.7 million to 1.8 million at December 31, 2021 compared to 13.5 million in 2020. The decrease in specific reserves was the result of approximately 7.8 million of loan charge-offs and the release of 5.7 million of specific reserves due to improved operating performance within our hotel portfolio. Offsetting this decrease in specific reserve was the addition of a 1.8 million specific reserve related to a 21.7 million C I relationship that also had a 10.3 million charge-off in 2021 based on an estimated enterprise value of the company. 
 Net loan charge-offs were 34.5 million, or 0.49 percent of average loans, in 2021 compared to 103.4 million, or 1.40 percent of average loans, during 2020. Excluding the customer fraud, net loan charge-offs were 44.7 million, or 0.61 percent of average loans in 2020. The decrease in net loan charge-offs in 2021 was primarily due to improving economic conditions. 
 Refer to the Credit Quality section of this MD A for further details. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Noninterest Income 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 Change Change Debit and credit card 17,952 15,093 2,859 18.9 Service charges on deposit accounts 15,040 13,597 1,443 10.6 Wealth management 12,889 9,957 2,932 29.4 Mortgage banking 9,734 10,923 (1,189) (10.9) Commercial loan swap income 1,146 4,740 (3,594) (75.8) Securities gains, net 29 142 (113) (79.6) Other 7,820 5,267 2,553 48.5 Total Noninterest Income 64,610 59,719 4,891 8.2 
 Noninterest income increased 4.9 million, or 8.2 percent, in 2021 compared to 2020. Wealth management fees increased 2.9 million compared to the prior year. Brokerage fees increased 1.6 million primarily due to the addition of six new financial advisors added during 2021. Trust income increased 1.3 million mainly due to new customer growth resulting in higher assets under management and improved market conditions. Debit and credit card fees increased 2.9 million due to increased debit and credit card usage. Other noninterest income increased 2.6 million due to a 1.4 million change in the credit valuation adjustment for our commercial loan swaps for risk associated with our hotel loan portfolio, a 0.8 million change in the equity securities portfolio and a 0.5 million change in the valuation of a deferred compensation plan, which has a corresponding offset in salaries and benefit expense resulting in no impact to net income. Service charges on deposit accounts increased 1.4 million due to the improving economic environment which drove higher customer activity. Commercial loan swap income decreased 3.6 million due to the lower customer activity related to the pandemic and interest rate environment. Mortgage banking decreased 1.2 million due to changes in the valuation of the mortgage interest rate locks offset by an improved mortgage servicing rights valuation compared to 2020. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2021 2020 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 100,214 90,115 10,099 11.2 Data processing and information technology 16,681 15,499 1,182 7.6 Occupancy 14,544 14,529 15 0.1 Furniture, equipment and software 10,684 11,050 (366) (3.3) Other taxes 6,644 6,622 22 0.3 Professional services and legal 6,368 6,394 (26) (0.4) Marketing 4,553 5,996 (1,443) (24.1) FDIC insurance 4,224 5,089 (865) (17.0) Merger-related expenses 2,342 (2,342) NM Other 24,927 29,008 (4,081) (14.1) Total Other Noninterest Expense 188,839 186,644 2,195 1.2 
 NM - percentage not meaningful 
 Noninterest expense increased 2.2 million, or 1.2 percent, to 188.8 million in 2021 compared to 2020. Total merger-related expense decreased 2.3 million compared to 2020 due to no merger during 2021. Salaries and employee benefits increased 10.1 million during 2021 primarily due to higher incentive, restricted stock, commissions and pension expense due to an increase in retirees electing lump-sum distributions. Data processing and information technology increased 1.2 million due to new products and services in 2021. Offsetting these increases, other noninterest expense decreased 4.1 million due to lower loan related expenses and lower amortization of both our qualified affordable housing projects and core deposit intangible assets. Marketing expense decreased 1.4 million due to the pandemic and a reduction in promotions. FDIC insurance decreased 0.9 million due to the improvement of the financial ratios used to determine the assessment. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes increased to 25.3 million in 2021 compared to nearly zero for 2020. The increase in our income tax provision was primarily due to a 114.6 million increase in income before taxes in 2021 compared to 2020 when income before taxes was impacted by a customer fraud of 58.7 million. 
 The effective tax rate, which is total tax expense as a percentage of income before taxes, increased to 18.7 percent in 2021 compared to a nominal negative annual effective tax rate in 2020. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to significantly higher income before taxes in 2021 compared to 2020. Historically, we have generated an annual effective tax rate that is less than the statutory rate of 21 percent due to benefits resulting from tax-exempt interest, excludable dividend income, tax-exempt income on Bank Owned Life Insurance, or BOLI, and tax benefits associated with Low Income Housing Tax Credits, or LIHTC. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 December 31, 2022 
 Total assets decreased 378.0 million to 9.1 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 9.5 billion at December 31, 2021. Cash and due from banks decreased 712.2 million to 210.0 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 922.2 million at December 31, 2021 primarily related to decreases in deposits due to competition driven by rising interest rates. Total portfolio loans increased 184.0 million, or 2.6 percent, to 7.2 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 7.0 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in portfolio loans is primarily related to an increase in the consumer loan portfolio of 344.0 million due to 327.1 million of growth in consumer real estate. The consumer loan portfolio increase was offset by decreases in commercial loans. Commercial loans decreased 160.1 million with decreases of commercial real estate loans of 108.5 million, C I loans of 10.0 million, which included a decrease of 84.3 million of loans from the PPP, and a decrease of 41.6 million in commercial construction compared to December 31, 2021. Excluding the PPP loans, portfolio loans increased 268.3 million compared to December 31, 2021 due a modest increase in activity. 
 Securities increased 92.0 million to 1.0 billion at December 31, 2022 from 910.8 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in securities was primarily due to interest-bearing deposits with banks being redeployed to higher yielding assets earlier in 2022. The bond portfolio had an unrealized loss of 102.3 million at December 31, 2022 compared to an unrealized gain of 9.4 million at December 31, 2021 due to higher interest rates. 
 Our deposits decreased 776.6 million, with total deposits of 7.2 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 8.0 billion at December 31, 2021. Customer deposits decreased 771.6 million from December 31, 2021. The decrease in customer deposits was driven by competition related to rising interest rates. Customer noninterest-bearing demand deposits decreased 159.9 million, interest-bearing demand decreased 132.5 million, money market deposits decreased 339.1 million and certificates of deposits decreased 148.5 million offset by an increase in savings of 8.4 million. 
 Total borrowings increased 277.9 million to 439.2 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 161.3 million at December 31, 2021 due to a decrease in funding provided by customer deposits. The increase in borrowings consisted of increases in short-term borrowings of 370.0 million offset by decreases in long term borrowings of 7.7 million and a decrease of 84.5 million due to the discontinuation of securities sold under repurchase agreements. 
 Total shareholders equity decreased 21.8 million to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to other comprehensive losses of 105.0 million and dividends paid of 47.0 million offset by net income of 135.5 million. Other comprehensive losses were mainly due to unrealized losses of 87.9 million, net of tax, on our available-for-sale debt securities and 16.8 million, net of tax, on interest rate swaps due to the rising interest rate environment. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Securities Activity 
 The balances and average rates of our securities portfolio are presented below as of December 31: 
 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Balance Weighted-Average Yield Balance Weighted-Average Yield Balance Weighted-Average Yield U.S. Treasury securities 131,695 1.71 95,327 1.26 10,282 1.87 Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies 41,811 2.32 70,348 2.29 82,904 2.28 Collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies 428,407 2.56 270,294 1.97 209,296 2.23 Residential mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies 41,587 1.86 56,793 1.57 67,778 1.26 Commercial mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies 327,313 2.28 341,300 2.09 273,681 2.41 Corporate securities 500 7.67 500 3.22 2,025 3.90 Obligations of states and political subdivisions (1) 
 30,471 3.35 75,089 3.28 124,427 3.49 Marketable equity securities 994 3.32 1,142 2.93 3,300 2.90 Total Securities 1,002,778 2.34 910,793 2.05 773,693 2.42 
 (1) Weighted-average yields are calculated on a taxable-equivalent basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 21 percent for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 We invest in various securities in order to maintain a source of liquidity, to satisfy various pledging requirements, to increase net interest income, and as a tool of ALCO to reposition the balance sheet for interest rate risk purposes. Securities are subject to market risks that could negatively affect the level of liquidity available to us. Security purchases are subject to an investment policy approved annually by our Board of Directors and administered through ALCO and our treasury function. Securities increased 92.0 million to 1.0 billion at December 31, 2022 from 910.8 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in securities is primarily due to increased investing activities due to excess liquidity earlier in 2022. These increases were partially offset by unrealized losses due to a rising interest rate environment. 
 At December 31, 2022 our bond portfolio was in a net unrealized loss position of 102.3 million compared to a net unrealized gain position of 9.4 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, total gross unrealized gains in the bond portfolio were 0.3 million offset by gross unrealized losses of 102.6 million compared to December 31, 2021, when total gross unrealized gains were 15.2 million offset by gross unrealized losses of 5.8 million. The decrease in the net unrealized gain position was primarily due to an increase in interest rates from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Management evaluates the securities portfolio to determine if an ACL is needed each quarter. We did not record an ACL related to the securities portfolio at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 Management evaluates the bond portfolio for impairment on a quarterly basis. The unrealized losses on debt securities were primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and not related to the credit quality of these securities. All debt securities were determined to be investment grade and paying principal and interest according to the contractual terms of the security at December 31, 2022. We do not intend to sell and it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell any of the securities in an unrealized loss position before recovery of their amortized cost. We did not recognize any impairment charges on our securities portfolio in 2022, 2021 or 2020. The performance of the debt securities markets could generate impairments in future periods requiring realized losses to be reported. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following table sets forth the maturities of securities at December 31, 2022 and the weighted average yields of such securities. Taxable-equivalent adjustments for 2022 have been made in calculating yields on obligations of state and political subdivisions. 
 Maturing Within One Year After One But within Five Years After Five But Within Ten Years After Ten Years No Fixed Maturity (dollars in thousands) Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Available-for-Sale U.S. Treasury securities 103,386 1.85 28,309 1.21 Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies 9,767 2.43 32,044 2.28 Collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies 14,379 2.96 33,845 2.97 380,183 2.51 Residential mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies 14 5.15 1,049 3.51 1,225 2.38 39,299 1.80 Commercial mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies 37,807 2.31 155,117 2.38 134,389 2.15 0 Obligations of states and political subdivisions (1) 
 2,704 3.22 16,529 3.48 11,238 3.18 Corporate bonds 500 7.67 Marketable equity securities 994 3.32 Total 47,588 309,179 214,297 430,720 994 Weighted Average Yield 2.34 2.24 2.26 2.46 3.32 
 (1) Weighted-average yields are calculated on a taxable-equivalent basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 21 percent for 2022. 
 Lending Activity 
 The following table summarizes our loan portfolio as of December 31: 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Commercial Commercial real estate 3,128,187 43.5 3,236,653 46.2 3,244,974 44.9 3,416,518 47.9 2,921,832 49.1 Commercial and industrial 1,718,976 23.9 1,728,969 24.7 1,954,453 27.0 1,720,833 24.1 1,493,416 25.1 Commercial construction 399,371 5.6 440,962 6.3 474,280 6.6 375,445 5.3 257,197 4.3 Total Commercial Loans 5,246,534 73.0 5,406,584 77.2 5,673,706 78.5 5,512,796 77.2 4,672,445 78.6 Consumer Residential mortgage 1,116,528 15.5 899,956 12.9 918,398 12.7 998,585 14.0 726,679 12.2 Home equity 652,066 9.1 564,219 8.1 535,165 7.4 538,348 7.5 471,562 7.9 Installment and other consumer 124,896 1.7 107,928 1.5 80,915 1.1 79,033 1.1 67,546 1.1 Consumer construction 43,945 0.6 21,303 0.3 17,675 0.2 8,390 0.1 8,416 0.1 Total Consumer Loans 1,937,435 27.0 1,593,406 22.8 1,552,153 21.5 1,624,356 22.8 1,274,203 21.4 Total Portfolio Loans 7,183,969 100.0 6,999,990 100.0 7,225,859 100.0 7,137,152 100.0 5,946,648 100.0 
 The loan portfolio represents the most significant source of interest income for us. The risk that borrowers will be unable to pay such obligations is inherent in the loan portfolio. Other conditions such as downturns in the borrower s industry or the overall economic climate can significantly impact the borrower s ability to pay. 
 We maintain a General Lending Policy to control the quality of our loan portfolio. The policy delegates the authority to extend loans under specific guidelines and underwriting standards. The General Lending Policy is formulated by management and reviewed and ratified annually by the Board of Directors. 
 We attempt to limit our exposure to credit risk by diversifying our loan portfolio by segment, geography, collateral and industry and actively managing concentrations. When concentrations exist in certain segments, we assess the credit risk within those segments to determine if additional reserve is needed in the qualitative portion of the ACL. Total commercial loans 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 represented 73.0 percent of total portfolio loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 77.2 percent at December 31, 2021. Within our commercial portfolio, the CRE and commercial construction portfolios combined comprised 3.5 billion, or 67.2 percent, of total commercial loans and 49.1 percent of total portfolio loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 3.7 billion, or 68.0 percent, of total commercial loans and 52.5 percent of total portfolio loans at December 31, 2021. 
 We lend primarily in Pennsylvania and the contiguous states of Ohio, New York, West Virginia and Maryland. The majority of our commercial and consumer loans are made to businesses and individuals in these states resulting in a geographic concentration. We believe our knowledge of these markets outweighs the geographic concentration risk. Our operating knowledge at the local and regional level is derived from our front-line connection to the customer and our understanding of their businesses. We also have a portfolio management group that utilizes multiple data sources including customer information, publicly available data and subscription service data to assess risk on an on-going basis and strong overall risk management practices which help us understand and evaluate concentration risk. Our CRE and commercial construction portfolios have exposure outside this geography of 5.8 percent of the combined portfolios and 2.9 percent of total portfolio loans at December 31, 2022. This compares to 5.7 percent of the combined portfolios and 3.0 percent of total portfolio loans at December 31, 2021. 
 Total portfolio loans increased 184.0 million, or 2.6 percent, to 7.2 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 7.0 billion at December 31, 2021. Commercial and industrial loans, or C I, included 4.0 million of loans originated under the PPP at December 31, 2022 compared to 88.3 million at December 31, 2021. On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law. The CARES Act included the PPP, a program designed to aid small and medium sized businesses through federally guaranteed loans distributed through banks. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 72 percent of our total loans were variable rate loans and 28 percent were fixed rate loans. Commercial loans, including CRE, C I and commercial construction, comprised 73.0 percent of total portfolio loans at December 31, 2022 and 77.2 percent at December 31, 2021. The decrease of 160.1 million in commercial loans related to a decrease of 108.5 million in CRE, 41.6 million in commercial construction loans and 10.0 million in C I, which included a decrease of 84.3 million of loans from the PPP compared to December 31, 2021. Excluding the PPP loans, portfolio loans increased 268.3 million compared to December 31, 2021. Our loan demand was influenced by the downturn of the macroeconomic environment during 2022, but we did see loan growth in the second half of 2022. 
 Consumer loans represent 27.0 percent of our total portfolio loans at December 31, 2022 and 22.8 percent at December 31, 2021. Consumer loans increased 344.0 million compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase of 216.6 million in the residential real estate portfolio, 87.8 million in the home equity portfolio and 39.6 million in installment and other consumer loans. Portfolio consumer real estate loans increased in 2022 due to a shift from mortgage loans sold to loans held in the portfolio due to increased jumbo loans and the pricing of loans in the secondary market compared to December 31, 2021. The consumer loan portfolio increase was offset by decreases in commercial loans. 
 Residential mortgage lending continues to be a focus for us. The loan to value, or LTV, policy guideline is 80 percent for residential first lien mortgages. Higher LTV loans may be approved within unique program guidelines and the appropriate private mortgage insurance coverage. We originate traditional fixed rate mortgage loans and adjustable rate or balloon mortgages with a maximum amortization term of 30 years. We may originate home equity loans with a lien position that is second to unrelated third-party lenders, but normally only to the extent that the combined LTV considering both the first and second liens does not exceed 100 percent of the fair value of the property. Combo mortgage loans consisting of a residential first mortgage and a home equity second mortgage are also available. 
 We originate and sell loans into the secondary market, primarily to Fannie Mae. We sell these loans in order to mitigate interest-rate risk associated with holding lower rate, long-term residential mortgages in the loan portfolio and to generate fee revenue from sales and servicing of the loans. We sold 28.6 million of 1-4 family mortgages in 2022 and 288.3 million in 2021 to Fannie Mae. The volume of loans sold to Fannie Mae decreased due to a shift from mortgage loans sold to loans held in the portfolio due to increased jumbo loans and the pricing of loans in the secondary market compared to December 31, 2021. Our servicing portfolio of mortgage loans that we had originated and sold into the secondary market was 772.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 841.7 million at December 31, 2021. We also offer a variety of unsecured and secured consumer loan products. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following table presents the maturity of commercial and consumer loans outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 
 Maturity (dollars in thousands) Within One Year After One But Within Five Years After Five Years through 15 years After 15 years Total Fixed interest rates 234,730 605,087 334,741 9,683 1,184,241 Variable interest rates 708,630 2,012,170 1,259,292 82,201 4,062,293 Total Commercial Loans 943,360 2,617,257 1,594,033 91,884 5,246,534 Fixed interest rates 63,212 200,031 389,268 160,631 813,142 Variable interest rates 41,215 169,736 510,926 402,416 1,124,293 Total Consumer Loans 104,427 369,767 900,194 563,047 1,937,435 Total Portfolio Loans 1,047,787 2,987,024 2,494,227 654,931 7,183,969 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the normal course of business, we offer off-balance sheet credit arrangements to enable our customers to meet their financing objectives. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the financial statements. Our exposure to credit loss, in the event the customer does not satisfy the terms of the agreement, equals the contractual amount of the obligation less the value of any collateral. We apply the same credit policies in making commitments and standby letters of credit that are used for the underwriting of loans to customers. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates, annual renewals or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Because many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
 The following table sets forth our commitments and letters of credit as of the dates presented: 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Commitments to extend credit 
 2,713,586 2,583,957 Standby letters of credit 
 64,356 87,335 Total 
 2,777,942 2,671,292 
 See Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report for details on allowance for credit losses on unfunded commitments. 
 Credit Quality 
 On a quarterly basis, a criticized asset meeting is held to monitor all special mention and substandard loans greater than 1.5 million and all business banking special mention and substandard loans greater than 0.5 million to establish action plans for these loans. These loans typically represent the highest risk of loss to us. We monitor these loans through regular contact with the borrower, review of current financial information and other documentation, review of all loan or potential loan restructures or modifications and the regular re-evaluation of assets held as collateral. 
 Additional credit risk management practices include periodic review, at least annually, and updates of our lending policies and procedures to support sound underwriting practices and portfolio management through portfolio stress testing. We have a portfolio monitoring process in place that includes an annual review of all commercial relationships greater than 1.5 million. Business banking relationships less than 1.5 million are monitored through portfolio management software that identifies credit risk indicators. Our Credit Risk Review process serves to independently monitor credit quality and assess the effectiveness of credit risk management practices to provide oversight of all corporate lending activities. The Credit Risk Review function has the primary responsibility for assessing commercial credit administration and credit decision functions of consumer and mortgage underwriting, as well as providing input to the loan risk rating process. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Nonperforming assets, or NPAs, consist of nonaccrual loans, nonaccrual TDRs and OREO. The following represents NPAs as of December 31: 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Nonaccrual Loans Commercial real estate 7,323 30,924 Commercial and industrial 1,887 3,575 Commercial construction 384 384 Consumer real estate 6,295 9,476 Other consumer 269 158 Total Nonaccrual Loans 16,158 44,517 Nonaccrual Troubled Debt Restructurings Commercial real estate 1,968 Commercial and industrial 1,087 16,235 Commercial construction 2,087 Consumer real estate 1,798 1,484 Other consumer 9 Total Nonaccrual Troubled Debt Restructurings 2,894 21,774 Total Nonaccrual Loans 19,052 66,291 OREO 3,065 13,313 Total Nonperforming Assets 22,117 79,604 Nonaccrual loans as a percent of total loans 0.27 0.95 Nonperforming assets as a percent of total loans plus OREO 0.31 1.13 
 Our policy is to place loans in all categories in nonaccrual status when collection of interest or principal is doubtful, or generally when interest or principal payments are 90 days or more past due. 
 Nonperforming assets decreased 57.5 million, or 72.2 percent, resulting in a nonperforming assets to total loans plus OREO ratio of 0.31 at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.13 at December 31, 2021. Nonaccrual loans decreased 47.2 million, or 71.3 percent, to 19.1 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 66.3 million at December 31, 2021. The significant decrease in nonaccrual loans during 2022 primarily related to minimal inflow of new nonaccrual loans and the payoff of two C I relationships totaling 14.1 million, two CRE relationships totaling 9.2 million and the return to performing status of hotel loans totaling 9.1 million. The significant decrease in OREO related to the sale of two properties during 2022. 
 TDRs decreased 19.9 million to 11.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 31.7 million at December 31, 2021. Total TDRs of 11.8 million at December 31, 2022 included 8.9 million, or 75.4 percent, that were accrual and 2.9 million, or 24.6 percent, that were nonaccrual. This is a decrease from December 31, 2021 when we had 31.7 million in TDRs, including 9.9 million, or 31.2 percent, that were accrual and 21.8 million, or 68.8 percent, that were nonaccrual. The decrease in nonaccrual TDRs during 2022 primarily related to the payoff of two C I relationships totaling 14.1 million. 
 Loan modifications resulting in new TDRs during 2022 included 27 modifications for 2.2 million compared to 40 modifications for 17.6 million in 2021. Included in the 2022 new TDRs were 23 loans totaling 1.4 million related to consumer bankruptcy filings that were not reaffirmed, thus resulting in discharged debt, which compares to 25 loans totaling 1.1 million in 2021. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following represents delinquency as of December 31: 
 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Amount of Loans Amount of Loans 90 days or more: Commercial real estate 7,323 0.23 32,892 1.02 Commercial and industrial 2,974 0.17 19,810 1.15 Commercial construction 384 0.10 2,471 0.56 Consumer real estate 8,094 0.45 10,960 0.74 Other consumer 277 0.22 158 0.15 Total Loans 19,052 0.27 66,291 0.95 30 to 89 days: Commercial real estate 8,772 0.28 Commercial and industrial 5,076 0.30 1,711 0.10 Commercial construction 502 0.11 Consumer real estate 6,268 0.35 3,287 0.22 Other consumer 225 0.18 256 0.24 Loans held for sale Total Loans 20,341 0.28 5,756 0.08 
 Closed-end installment loans, amortizing loans secured by real estate and any other loans with payments scheduled monthly are reported past due when the borrower is in arrears two or more monthly payments. Other multi-payment obligations with payments scheduled other than monthly are reported past due when one scheduled payment is due and unpaid for 30 days or more. We monitor delinquency on a monthly basis, including early-stage delinquencies of 30 to 89 days past due for early identification of potential problem loans. Loans past due 90 days or more decreased 47.2 million compared to December 31, 2021 and represented 0.27 percent of total loans at December 31, 2022. The change in loans past due 90 days or more is explained above in nonperforming assets discussion under Credit Quality. Loans past due by 30 to 89 days increased 14.6 million and represented 0.28 percent of total loans at December 31, 2022. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 We maintain an ACL at a level determined to be adequate to absorb estimated expected credit losses within the loan portfolio over the contractual life of a loan that considers our historical loss experience, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions as of the balance sheet date. We develop and document a systematic ACL methodology based on the following portfolio segments: 1) CRE, 2) C I, 3) Commercial Construction, 4) Business Banking, 5) Consumer Real Estate and 6) Other Consumer. 
 Our charge-off policy for commercial loans requires that loans and other obligations that are not collectible be promptly charged-off when the loss is confirmed, regardless of the delinquency status of the loan. We may elect to recognize a partial charge-off when management has determined that the value of collateral is less than the remaining investment in the loan. A loan or obligation does not need to be charged-off, regardless of delinquency status, if (i) management has determined there exists sufficient collateral to protect the remaining loan balance and (ii) there exists a strategy to liquidate the collateral. Management may also consider a number of other factors to determine when a charge-off is appropriate. These factors may include, but are not limited to: 
 The status of a bankruptcy proceeding; 
 The value of collateral and probability of successful liquidation; and/or 
 The status of adverse proceedings or litigation that may result in collection. 
 Consumer unsecured loans and secured loans are evaluated for charge-off after the loan becomes 90 days past due. Unsecured loans are fully charged off and secured loans are charged down to the estimated fair value of the collateral less the cost to sell. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following table presents activity in the ACL for each of the three years presented below: 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 ACL Balance at Beginning of Year: 98,576 117,612 62,224 Charge-offs: Commercial real estate (1,820) (13,493) (27,512) Commercial and industrial (7,801) (22,305) (75,408) Commercial construction (55) (454) Consumer real estate (621) (719) (1,101) Other consumer (1,375) (952) (1,890) Total (11,617) (37,524) (106,365) Recoveries: Commercial real estate 1,052 1,196 348 Commercial and industrial 7,366 822 1,733 Commercial construction 1 14 183 Consumer real estate 203 310 233 Other consumer 400 652 489 Total 9,022 2,994 2,986 Net Charge-offs (2,595) (34,530) (103,379) Impact of CECL adoption 27,346 Provision for credit losses 5,359 15,494 131,421 ACL Balance at End of Year: 101,340 98,576 117,612 
 (1) Represents ALL for year presented 
 Net loan charge-offs for 2022 were 2.6 million, or 0.04 percent of average loans, compared to 34.5 million, or 0.49 percent of average loans for 2021. The most significant charge-off during 2022 was to a C I relationship in the amount of 5.5 million. Offsetting loan charge-offs during 2022 were 6.6 million of loan recoveries related to two C I relationships. 
 The following table summarizes net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans for the years presented: 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Commercial real estate 0.02 0.38 0.81 Commercial and industrial 0.03 1.17 3.65 Commercial construction 0.01 0.06 Consumer real estate 0.03 0.03 0.06 Other consumer 0.81 0.33 1.75 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding 0.04 0.49 1.40 Allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total portfolio loans 1.41 1.41 1.63 Allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total portfolio loans excluding PPP 1.41 1.43 1.74 Allowance for credit losses to total nonaccrual loans 532 149 80 Provision for credit losses as a percentage of net loan charge-offs 207 45 127 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following is the ACL balance by portfolio segment as of December 31: 
 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Commercial real estate 41,428 40.9 50,700 51.4 Commercial and industrial 25,710 25.4 19,727 20.0 Commercial construction 6,264 6.2 5,355 5.4 Business banking 12,547 12.4 11,338 11.5 Consumer real estate 12,105 11.9 8,733 8.9 Other consumer 3,286 3.2 2,723 2.8 Total 101,340 100.0 98,576 100.0 
 Significant to our ACL is a higher concentration of commercial loans. The ability of borrowers to repay commercial loans is dependent upon the success of their business and general economic conditions. Due to the greater potential for loss within our commercial portfolio, we monitor the commercial loan portfolio through an internal risk rating system. Loan risk ratings are assigned based upon the creditworthiness of the borrower and are reviewed on an ongoing basis according to our internal policies. Loans rated special mention or substandard have potential or well-defined weaknesses not generally found in high quality, performing loans, and require attention from management to limit loss. 
 The ACL was 101.3 million, or 1.41 percent of total portfolio loans, at December 31, 2022, compared to 98.6 million, or 1.41 percent of total portfolio loans, at December 31, 2021. The increase in the ACL of 2.8 million was due to a shift between the qualitative and quantitative reserves as well as loan growth. Our total qualitative reserve increased 9.3 million primarily related to a 4.0 million increase in our forecast due to concern with the overall outlook of the economy and a 5.3 million increase in other qualitative factors. Our quantitative reserve decreased 4.8 million primarily due to significant improvement in our CRE hotel portfolio, which was partially offset by deterioration in the C I portfolio primarily related to a large relationship downgraded to substandard during the year. Specific reserves on loans individually assessed decreased 1.7 million from prior year due to the resolution of a C I relationship through a note sale. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank and Other Restricted Stock 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held FHLB of Pittsburgh stock of 22.0 million and 8.5 million. This investment is carried at cost and evaluated for impairment based on the ultimate recoverability of the par value. We hold FHLB stock because we are a member of the FHLB of Pittsburgh. The FHLB requires members to purchase and hold a specified level of FHLB stock based upon on the members asset values, level of borrowings and participation in other programs offered. Stock in the FHLB is non-marketable and is redeemable at the discretion of the FHLB. Members do not purchase stock in the FHLB for the same reasons that traditional equity investors acquire stock in an investor-owned enterprise. Rather, members purchase stock to obtain access to the products and services offered by the FHLB. Unlike equity securities of traditional for-profit enterprises, the stock of the FHLB does not provide its holders with an opportunity for capital appreciation because, by regulation, FHLB stock can only be purchased, redeemed and transferred at par value. We reviewed and evaluated the FHLB capital stock for impairment at December 31, 2022. The FHLB exceeds all required capital ratios. Additionally, we considered that the FHLB has been paying dividends and actively redeeming stock throughout 2022 and 2021. Accordingly, we believe sufficient evidence exists to conclude that no impairment existed at December 31, 2022. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Deposits 
 The following table presents the composition of deposits at December 31: 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Customer deposits Noninterest-bearing demand 2,588,692 2,748,586 (159,894) Interest-bearing demand 846,653 979,133 (132,480) Money market 1,731,521 2,070,579 (339,058) Savings 1,118,511 1,110,155 8,356 Certificates of deposit 934,593 1,083,071 (148,478) Total customer deposits 7,219,970 7,991,524 (771,554) Brokered deposits Certificates of deposit 5,000 (5,000) Total brokered deposits 5,000 (5,000) Total Deposits 7,219,970 7,996,524 (776,554) 
 Deposits are our primary source of funds. Our deposit base increased substantially through the pandemic related to PPP and stimulus programs, but we have experienced a decrease in deposits during 2022 related to the competitive market driven by rising interest rates. Total deposits decreased 776.6 million, or 10 percent, at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. Total customer deposits decreased 771.6 million from December 31, 2021. Total brokered deposits decreased 5.0 million from December 31, 2021 due to a reduced need for this type of funding. Brokered deposits are an additional source of funds utilized by ALCO as a way to diversify funding sources, as well as manage our funding costs and structure. 
 The daily average balance of deposits and rates paid on deposits are summarized in the following table for the years ended December 31: 
 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Amount Rate Amount Rate Amount Rate Noninterest-bearing demand 2,705,210 2,594,152 2,072,310 Interest-bearing demand 918,222 0.11 956,211 0.08 844,331 0.19 Money market 1,909,209 0.63 2,026,083 0.18 1,960,741 0.57 Savings 1,121,818 0.10 1,047,855 0.03 899,717 0.11 Certificates of deposit 991,396 0.58 1,246,499 0.46 1,482,127 1.34 Brokered deposits 2,323 2.10 16,419 1.15 232,384 1.02 Total 7,648,178 0.26 7,887,218 0.14 7,491,610 0.48 
 CDs of 250,000 and over accounted for 3.0 percent of total deposits at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and primarily represent deposit relationships with local customers in our market area. 
 Maturities of CDs of 250,000 or more outstanding at December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows: 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 Three months or less 128,395 Over three through six months 31,922 Over six through twelve months 46,907 Over twelve months 11,995 Total 219,219 
 Borrowings 
 The following table represents the composition of borrowings for the years ended December 31: 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Securities sold under repurchase agreements, retail 84,491 (84,491) Short-term borrowings 370,000 370,000 Long-term borrowings 14,741 22,430 (7,689) Junior subordinated debt securities 54,453 54,393 60 Total Borrowings 439,194 161,314 277,880 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Borrowings are an additional source of funding for us. Total borrowings increased 277.9 million compared to December 31, 2021 due to a decrease in funding from lower deposit levels. Short-term borrowings increased 370.0 million offset by the discontinuation of the customer repurchase agreement product and the maturity of a 7.0 million long-term borrowing compared to December 31, 2021. 
 Information pertaining to short-term borrowings is summarized in the tables below: 
 Securities Sold Under Repurchase Agreements (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at December 31 84,491 65,163 Average balance during the year 35,836 69,964 57,673 Average interest rate during the year 0.10 0.11 0.29 Maximum month-end balance during the year 89,366 84,491 92,159 Average interest rate at December 31 0.10 0.25 
 Short-Term Borrowings (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at December 31 370,000 75,000 Average balance during the year 40,013 6,301 155,753 Average interest rate during the year 4.15 0.19 0.92 Maximum month-end balance during the year 370,000 25,000 40,240 Average interest rate at December 31 4.49 0.19 
 Information pertaining to long-term borrowings is summarized in the tables below: 
 Long-Term Borrowings (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at December 31 14,741 22,430 23,681 Average balance during the year 19,090 22,995 47,953 Average interest rate during the year 2.15 1.99 2.50 Maximum month-end balance during the year 22,344 23,549 50,635 Average interest rate at December 31 2.61 1.94 2.03 
 Junior Subordinated Debt Securities (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at December 31 54,453 54,393 64,083 Average balance during the year 54,421 61,653 64,092 Average interest rate during the year 4.40 2.99 3.57 Maximum month-end balance during the year 54,453 64,128 64,848 Average interest rate at December 31 7.09 2.69 3.01 
 We have completed three private placements of trust preferred securities to financial institutions. As a result, we own 100 percent of the common equity of STBA Capital Trust I, DNB Capital Trust I, and DNB Capital Trust II, or the Trusts. The Trusts were formed to issue mandatorily redeemable capital securities to third-party investors. The proceeds from the sale of the securities and the issuance of the common equity by the Trusts were invested in junior subordinated debt securities issued by us. The third-party investors are considered the primary beneficiaries of the Trusts; therefore, the Trusts qualify as variable interest entities, but are not consolidated into our financial statements. The Trusts pays dividends on the securities at the same rate as the interest paid by us on the junior subordinated debt held by the Trusts. DNB Capital Trust I and DNB Capital Trust II were acquired with the DNB Merger. Refer to Note 16 Short-Term Borrowings and Note 17 Long-Term Borrowings and Subordinated Debt to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Report, for more details. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Wealth Management Assets 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the S T Bank Wealth Management assets under administration, which are not accounted for as part of our assets, decreased to 2.2 billion from 2.3 billion as of December 31, 2021. Assets under administration consisted of 1.0 billion in S T Trust, 0.8 billion in S T Financial Services and 0.4 billion in Stewart Capital Advisors. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity is defined as a financial institution s ability to meet its cash and collateral obligations at a reasonable cost. Our primary future cash needs are centered on the ability to (i) satisfy the financial needs of depositors who may want to 
 withdraw funds or of borrowers needing to access funds to meet their credit needs and (ii) to meet our future cash commitments 
 under contractual obligations with third parties. In order to manage liquidity risk, our Board of Directors has delegated authority to ALCO for the formulation, implementation and oversight of liquidity risk management for S T. The ALCO s goal is to maintain adequate levels of liquidity at a reasonable cost to meet funding needs in both a normal operating environment and for potential liquidity stress events. The ALCO monitors and manages liquidity through various ratios, reviewing cash flow projections, performing stress tests and having a detailed contingency funding plan. The ALCO policy guidelines define graduated risk tolerance levels. If our liquidity position moves to a level that has been defined as high risk, specific actions are required, such as increased monitoring or the development of an action plan to reduce the risk position. 
 Our primary funding and liquidity source is a stable customer deposit base. We believe S T has the ability to retain existing and attract new deposits, mitigating any funding dependency on other more volatile sources. Refer to the Deposits section of this MD A for additional discussion on deposits. Although deposits are the primary source of funds, we have identified various other funding sources that can be used as part of our normal funding program when either a structure or cost efficiency has been identified. Additional funding sources accessible to S T include borrowing availability at the Federal Home Loan Bank, or FHLB, of Pittsburgh, federal funds lines with other financial institutions, the brokered deposit market and borrowing availability through the Federal Reserve Borrower-In-Custody program. We believe that these funding sources will provide adequate resources to fund our short-term and long-term operating and financing needs. In addition, our ability to access capital markets provides additional sources of funding with respect to strategic investing opportunities. Our access to and the availability of funds in the future will be affected by many factors, including, but not limited to our financial condition and prospects, our credit rating, the liquidity of the overall capital markets and the current state of the economy. 
 The following table summarizes our material contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Payments Due In (dollars in thousands) 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 Later Years Total Certificates of deposit (1) 
 733,285 161,343 38,711 1,254 934,593 Short-term borrowings (1) 
 370,000 370,000 Long-term borrowings (1) 
 464 13,461 180 636 14,741 Junior subordinated debt securities (1) 
 54,453 54,453 Operating and finance leases 5,053 9,984 9,587 60,837 85,461 Purchase obligations 32,555 62,656 53,190 148,401 
 (1) Excludes interest 
 An important component of our ability to effectively respond to potential liquidity stress events is maintaining a cushion of highly liquid assets. Highly liquid assets are those that can be converted to cash quickly, with little or no loss in value, to meet financial obligations. ALCO policy guidelines define a ratio of highly liquid assets to total assets by graduated risk tolerance levels of minimal, moderate and high. At December 31, 2022, S T Bank had 870.0 million in highly liquid assets, which consisted of 137.6 million in interest-bearing deposits with banks and 732.4 million in unpledged securities. This resulted in a highly liquid assets to total assets ratio of 9.6 percent at December 31, 2022. Highly liquid assets have declined by 431.0 million when comparing December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2021. The majority of the decrease in liquid assets is attributed to decreases in cash balances which are primarily a result of decreased deposits. At December 31, 2022, we had remaining borrowing availability of 2.4 billion with the FHLB of Pittsburgh. Refer to Note 16 Short-Term Borrowings and Note 17 Long-Term Borrowings and Subordinated Debt to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and the Borrowings section of this MD A, for more details. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Capital Resources 
 Shareholders equity decreased 21.8 million, or 1.8 percent, to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 105.0 million decrease in other comprehensive income and dividends of 47.0 million, partially offset by net income of 135.5 million. The decrease in other comprehensive income was primarily due to a 87.9 million increase in unrealized losses on our available-for-sale securities, net of tax and an increase of 16.8 million in unrealized losses on our interest rate swaps. 
 We continue to maintain our capital position with a leverage ratio of 11.06 percent as compared to the regulatory guideline of 5.00 percent to be well-capitalized and a risk-based Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 12.81 percent compared to the regulatory guideline of 6.50 percent to be well-capitalized. Our risk-based Tier 1 and Total capital ratios were 13.21 percent and 14.73 percent, which places us above the federal bank regulatory agencies well-capitalized guidelines of 8.00 percent and 10.00 percent, respectively. Our ratios are also above the required minimum ratios after the capital conservation buffer, discussed further below, of common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio greater than 7.00 percent, tier 1 risk-based capital ratio greater than 8.50 percent and a total risk-based capital ratio greater than 10.50 percent. We believe that we have the ability to raise additional capital, if necessary. 
 On March 27, 2020, the regulators issued interim final rule, or IFR, Regulatory Capital Rule: Revised Transition of the Current Expected Credit Losses Methodology for Allowances in response to the disrupted economic activity from the spread of COVID-19. The IFR provides financial institutions that adopt CECL during 2020 with the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of the capital benefit provided by the initial two-year delay five year transition ). We adopted CECL effective January 1, 2020 and elected to implement the five year transition. 
 In July 2013 the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to implement Basel III and the minimum leverage and risk-based capital requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. The rule requires a banking organization to maintain a capital conservation buffer composed of common equity tier 1 capital in an amount greater than 2.50 percent of total risk-weighted assets. Banking organizations must maintain a common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio greater than 7.00 percent, a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio greater than 8.50 percent and a total risk-based capital ratio greater than 10.50 percent; otherwise, it will be subject to restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. The minimum capital requirements plus the capital conservation buffer exceeds the regulatory capital ratios required for an insured depository institution to be well-capitalized under the FDIC's prompt corrective action framework. 
 Federal regulators periodically propose amendments to the regulatory capital rules and the related regulatory framework and consider changes to the capital standards that could significantly increase the amount of capital needed to meet applicable standards. The timing of adoption, ultimate form and effect of any such proposed amendments cannot be predicted. 
 We have filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, with the SEC, which allows for the issuance of a variety of securities including debt and capital securities, preferred and common stock and warrants. We may use the proceeds from the sale of securities for general corporate purposes, which could include investments at the holding company level, investing in, or extending credit to subsidiaries, possible acquisitions and stock repurchases. As of December 31, 2022, we had not issued any securities pursuant to the shelf registration statement. 
 
 Inflation 
 Management is aware of the significant effect inflation has on interest rates and can have on financial performance and is closely monitoring the increased inflation rates being experienced in the economy. Our ability to cope with this is best determined by analyzing our capability to respond to changing interest rates and our ability to manage noninterest income and expense. We monitor the mix of interest-rate sensitive assets and liabilities through ALCO in order to reduce the impact of inflation on net interest income. We also control the effects of inflation by reviewing the prices of our products and services, by introducing new products and services and by controlling overhead expenses. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Market risk is defined as the degree to which changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices or equity prices can adversely affect a financial institution s earnings or capital. For most financial institutions, including S T, market risk primarily reflects exposures to changes in interest rates. Interest rate fluctuations affect earnings by changing net interest income and other interest-sensitive income and expense levels. Interest rate changes also affect capital by changing the net present value of a bank s future cash flows, and the cash flows themselves, as rates change. Accepting this risk is a normal part of banking and can be an important source of profitability and enhancing shareholder value. However, excessive interest rate risk can threaten a bank s earnings, capital, liquidity and solvency. Our sensitivity to changes in interest rate movements is continually monitored by the ALCO. The ALCO monitors and manages market risk through rate shock analyses, economic value of equity, or EVE, analyses and by performing stress tests and simulations to mitigate earnings and market value fluctuations due to changes in interest rates. 
 Rate shock analyses results are compared to a base case to provide an estimate of the impact that market rate changes may have on 12 and 24 months of pretax net interest income. The base case and rate shock analyses are performed on a static balance sheet. A static balance sheet is a no growth balance sheet in which all maturing and/or repricing cash flows are reinvested in the same product at the existing product spread. Rate shock analyses assume an immediate parallel shift in market interest rates and include management assumptions regarding the impact of interest rate changes on non-maturity deposit products (noninterest-bearing demand, interest-bearing demand, money market and savings) and changes in the prepayment behavior of loans and securities with optionality. S T policy guidelines limit the change in pretax net interest income over 12- and 24-month horizons using rate shocks in increments of +/- 100 basis points. Policy guidelines define the percentage change in pretax net interest income by graduated risk tolerance levels of minimal, moderate, and high. 
 In order to monitor interest rate risk beyond the 24-month time horizon of rate shocks on pretax net interest income, we also perform EVE analyses. EVE represents the present value of all asset cash flows minus the present value of all liability cash flows. EVE change results are compared to a base case to determine the impact that market rate changes may have on our EVE. As with rate shock analyses on pretax net interest income, EVE analyses incorporate management assumptions regarding prepayment behavior of fixed rate loans and securities with optionality and the behavior and value of non-maturity deposit products. S T policy guidelines limit the change in EVE using rate shocks in increments of +/- 100 basis points. Policy guidelines define the percent change in EVE by graduated risk tolerance levels of minimal, moderate, and high. 
 The table below reflects the rate shock analyses results for the 1 to 12 and 13 to 24 month periods of pretax net interest income and EVE. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 1 - 12 Months 13 - 24 Months 1 - 12 Months 13 - 24 Months Change in Interest Rate (basis points) Change in Pretax Net Interest Income Change in Pretax Net Interest Income Change in EVE Change in Pretax Net Interest Income Change in Pretax Net Interest Income Change in EVE 400 14.6 22.0 (13.2) 30.4 40.3 18.4 300 11.0 16.6 (8.5) 22.5 30.0 19.9 200 7.4 11.2 (4.6) 14.9 20.2 18.4 100 3.7 5.7 (1.5) 7.0 9.9 11.9 (100) (6.1) (8.8) (2.6) (4.6) (8.4) (26.3) (200) (10.2) (14.8) (7.7) (300) (14.1) (21.0) (17.0) (400) (21.1) (30.1) (32.7) 
 The results from the rate shock analyses on net interest income are consistent with having an asset sensitive balance sheet. Having an asset sensitive balance sheet means more assets than liabilities will reprice during the measured time frames. The implications of an asset sensitive balance sheet will differ depending upon the change in market interest rates. For example, with an asset sensitive balance sheet in a declining interest rate environment, more assets than liabilities will decrease in rate. This situation could result in a decrease in net interest income and operating income. Conversely, with an asset sensitive balance sheet in a rising interest rate environment, more assets than liabilities will increase in rate. This situation could result in an increase in net interest income and operating income. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Our rate shock analyses show less improvement in the percentage change in pretax net interest income in the rates up scenarios when comparing December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2021 because we have less excess cash and 500 million of received-fixed interest rate swaps were executed throughout 2022. The percentage change in pretax net interest income in the rates down scenario shows a decline when comparing December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2021 because the higher rate environment has increased our asset yields more than our liability costs. A decline in interest rates would result in less interest income with limited interest expense reduction. Our EVE analyses show a decline in the percentage change in EVE in the rates up scenarios and an improvement in the rates down scenario when comparing December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2021 due to the impact of interest rates on the value of nonmaturity deposits. 
 In addition to rate shocks and EVE analyses, we perform a market risk stress test at least annually. The market risk stress test includes sensitivity analyses and simulations. Sensitivity analyses are performed to help us identify which model assumptions cause the greatest impact on pretax net interest income. Sensitivity analyses may include changing prepayment behavior of loans and securities with optionality and the impact of interest rate changes on non-maturity deposit products. Simulation analyses may include the potential impact of rate changes other than the policy guidelines, yield curve shape changes, significant balance mix changes, and various growth scenarios. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Net Income 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 61 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 63 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements (PCAOB ID: 
 111 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 113 

56 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 December 31, in thousands, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks, including interest-bearing deposits of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Securities, at fair value Loans held for sale Portfolio loans, net of unearned income Allowance for credit losses ) ) Portfolio loans, net Bank owned life insurance Premises and equipment, net Federal Home Loan Bank and other restricted stock, at cost Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing demand Money market Savings Certificates of deposit Total Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Junior subordinated debt securities Other liabilities Total Liabilities SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock par value) Authorized shares Issued shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021, at cost 
 ) ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF NET INCOME 

 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME Loans, including fees Investment securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Dividends Total Interest and Dividend Income INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits Borrowings, junior subordinated debt securities and other Total Interest Expense NET INTEREST INCOME Provision for credit losses Net Interest Income After Provision for Credit Losses NONINTEREST INCOME Net gain on sale of securities Debit and credit card Service charges on deposit accounts Wealth management Mortgage banking Other Total Noninterest Income NONINTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and employee benefits Data processing and information technology Occupancy Furniture, equipment and software Professional services and legal Other taxes Marketing FDIC insurance Merger related expenses Other Total Noninterest Expense Income Before Taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net Income Earnings per common share basic Earnings per common share diluted Dividends declared per common share 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net Income Available-for-Sale Debt Securities Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Tax effect ) Net available-for-sale securities gains reclassified into earnings (1) 
 ) Tax effect Net effect on other comprehensive income ) ) Interest Rate Swaps Net change in fair value of interest rate swaps ) Tax effect Net interest rate swap losses reclassified into earnings (2) 
 Tax effect ) Net effect on other comprehensive income ) Employee Benefit Plans Adjustment to funded status of employee benefit plans ) Tax effect ) ) Net employee benefit plan (gains) losses reclassified into earnings (3) 
 Tax effect ) ) ) Net effect on other comprehensive income ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Comprehensive Income 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Treasury Stock Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income for 2020 Other comprehensive income, net of tax Impact of adoption of CECL ) ) Cash dividends declared 
 ) ) Treasury stock issued for restricted stock awards shares) 
 ) Forfeitures of restricted stock awards shares) 
 ) ) Repurchase of S T Stock shares) 
 ) ) Recognition of restricted stock compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income for 2021 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Treasury stock issued for restricted stock awards shares) 
 ) Forfeitures of restricted stock awards shares) 
 ) ) Recognition of restricted stock compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income for 2022 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Treasury stock issued for restricted stock awards shares) 
 ) Forfeitures of restricted stock awards shares) 
 ) ) Repurchase of S T Stock shares) 
 ) ) Recognition of restricted stock compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization Net amortization of discounts and premiums Stock-based compensation expense Securities (gains) losses ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Loss (gain) on sale of fixed assets ) Gain on sale and fair value adjustments of other real estate owned, net ) Gain on the sale of loans, net ) ) ) Pension contribution ) Net change in: Mortgage loans originated for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of mortgage loans Net (increase) decrease in interest receivable ) ) Net increase (decrease) in interest payable ) ) Net (increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Net increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities, prepayments and calls of securities Proceeds from sales of securities Purchases of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) ) Proceeds from redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Net (increase) decrease in loans ) ) Proceeds from the sale of portfolio loans Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of premises and equipment Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Proceeds from settlement of bank owned life insurance Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net (decrease) increase in core deposits ) Net (decrease) in certificates of deposit ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in securities sold under repurchase agreements ) Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings ) ) Repayments of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Repurchase of shares for taxes on restricted stock ) ) ) Repurchase of S T stock ) ) Cash dividends paid to common shareholders ) ) ) Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental Disclosures Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Loans transferred to held for sale Leased right-of-use operating assets and lease liabilities added to Balance Sheet Transfers to other real estate owned and other repossessed assets 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. 
 active direct wholly owned subsidiaries, S T Bank, 9th Street Holdings, Inc., STBA Capital Trust I, DNB Capital Trust I and DNB Capital Trust II, and owns a percent interest in Commonwealth Trust Credit Life Insurance Company, or CTCLIC. 
 We are presently engaged in non-banking activities through the following entities: 9th Street Holdings, Inc.; S T Bancholdings, Inc.; CTCLIC; S T Insurance Group, LLC; Stewart Capital Advisors, LLC; DN Acquisition Company, Inc. 
 Our investment holding companies are 9th Street Holdings, Inc. and S T Bancholdings, Inc. CTCLIC, which is a joint venture with another financial institution, acts as a reinsurer of credit life, accident and health insurance policies sold by S T Bank and the other institution. S T Insurance Group, LLC, through its subsidiaries, offers a variety of insurance products. Stewart Capital Advisors, LLC is a registered investment advisor that manages private investment accounts for individuals and institutions. DN Acquisition Company, Inc. was acquired with the DNB merger and was incorporated for the purpose of acquiring and holding Other Real Estate Owned, or OREO, acquired through foreclosure or deed in-lieu-of foreclosure, as well as Bank-occupied real estate. 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are described below. 
 effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

64 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

65 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

66 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

67 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of satisfactory payment performance by the borrower either immediately before or after the restructuring. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million that meet the following criteria: 1) when it is determined that foreclosure is probable, 2) substandard, doubtful and nonaccrual loans when repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral, 3) any commercial TDR, or any loan reasonably expected to become a TDR whether on accrual or nonaccrual status and 4) when it is determined by management that a loan does not share similar risk characteristics with other loans. Specific reserves are established based on the following three acceptable methods for measuring the ACL: 1) the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate; 2) the loan s observable market price; or 3) the fair value of the collateral when the loan is collateral dependent. Our individual loan evaluations consist primarily of the fair value of collateral method because most of our loans are collateral dependent. Collateral values are discounted to consider disposition costs when appropriate. A specific reserve is established or a charge-off is taken if the fair value of the loan is less than the loan balance. 
 Our ACL Committee meets quarterly to verify the overall appropriateness of the ACL. Additionally, on an annual basis, the ACL Committee meets to validate our ACL methodology. This validation includes reviewing the loan segmentation, critical model assumptions, forecast and the qualitative framework. As a result of this ongoing monitoring process, we may make changes to our ACL to be responsive to the economic environment. 

years 3) Furniture and Fixtures years 4) Computer Equipment and Software years or term of license 
 5) Other Equipment years 6) Vehicles years 7) Leasehold Improvements Lesser of estimated useful life of the asset (generally years unless established otherwise) or the remaining term of the lease, including renewal options in the lease that are reasonably assured of exercise 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

reporting unit. 
 The carrying value of goodwill is tested annually for impairment each October 1st or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that it may be impaired. A qualitative assessment is performed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the reporting unit's fair value is less than it's carrying value. We perform a quantitative impairment test only if we conclude that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than the carrying amount. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by using both a discounted cash flow model and a market based model. The discounted cash flow model has many assumptions including future earnings projections, a long-term growth rate and discount rate. The market based model calculates fair value based on observed price multiples for similar companies. The fair values of each method are then weighted based on relevance and reliability in the current economic environment. 
 We determine the amount of identifiable intangible assets based upon independent core deposit and insurance contract valuations at the time of acquisition. Intangible assets with finite useful lives, consisting primarily of core deposit and customer list intangibles, are amortized using straight-line or accelerated methods over their estimated weighted average useful lives, ranging from to years. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. No such events or changes in circumstances occurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 wholly-owned trust subsidiaries, STBA Capital Trust I, DNB Capital Trust I and DNB Capital Trust II, or the Trusts, for which it does not absorb a majority of expected losses or receive a majority of the expected residual returns. The DNB Capital Trust I and DNB Capital Trust II were acquired with the DNB merger. At inception, these Trusts issued floating rate trust preferred securities to the Trustees and used the proceeds from the sale to invest in junior subordinated debt securities issued by us. The Trusts pay dividends on the trust preferred securities at the same rate as the interest we pay on the junior subordinated debt held by the Trusts. The Trusts are VIEs with the third-party investors as their primary beneficiaries, and accordingly, the Trusts and their net assets are not included in our consolidated financial statements. However, the junior subordinated debt securities issued by S T are included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years, which represents the period over which the tax credits will be utilized. Our investments in Low Income Housing Partnerships, or LIHPs, represent unconsolidated variable interest entities, or VIEs, and the assets and liabilities of the partnerships are not recorded on our balance sheet. We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs because we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the partnership and have both the obligation to absorb expected losses and the right to receive benefits. We use the cost method to account for these partnerships. These investments are recorded in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amortization expense is included in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

days and guarantee a specified interest rate for a loan if underwriting standards are met, but the commitment does not obligate the potential borrower to close on the loan. Accordingly, some commitments expire prior to becoming loans. We may encounter pricing risks if interest rates increase significantly before the loan can be closed and sold. We may utilize forward sale contracts in order to mitigate this pricing risk. Whenever a customer desires these products, a mortgage originator quotes a secondary market rate guaranteed for that day by the investor. The rate lock is executed between the mortgagee and us and in turn a forward sale contract may be executed between us and the investor. Both the rate lock commitment and the corresponding forward sale contract for each customer are considered derivatives but are not accounted for using hedge accounting. As such, changes in the estimated fair value of the derivatives during the commitment period are recorded in current earnings and included in mortgage banking in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

73 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

74 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

75 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. 
 
 Less: Income allocated to participating shares Net Income Allocated to Shareholders Denominator for Earnings per Share Basic and Diluted: Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Basic Add: Average participating shares outstanding Denominator for Two-Class Method Diluted: Earnings per share basic Earnings per share diluted Restricted stock considered anti-dilutive excluded from potentially dilutive shares 

NOTE 3. 
 Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies Residential mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies Commercial mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies Corporate obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Total Available-for-Sale Debt Securities Marketable equity securities Total Securities Trading securities held in a deferred compensation plan Derivative financial assets: Interest rate swaps - commercial loans Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale contracts - mortgage loans Total Assets LIABILITIES Derivative financial liabilities: Interest rate swaps - commercial loans Interest rate swaps - cash flow hedge Total Liabilities 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies Residential mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies Commercial mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies Corporate obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Total Available-for-Sale Debt Securities Marketable equity securities Total Securities Trading securities held in a deferred compensation plan Derivative financial assets: Interest rate swaps - commercial loans Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale contracts - mortgage loans Total Assets LIABILITIES Derivative financial liabilities: Interest rate swaps - commercial loans Total Liabilities 
 Assets Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 We may be required to measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Nonrecurring assets are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value in our financial statements. There were liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at either December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 Collateral method Discount rate 
 
 December 31, 2021 Valuation Technique Significant Unobservable Inputs Range Weighted Average (dollars in thousands) Other real estate owned Collateral method Appraisal adjustment - cost to sell 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Securities Loans held for sale Portfolio loans, net Collateral receivable Securities held in a deferred compensation plan Mortgage servicing rights Interest rate swaps - commercial loans Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale contracts LIABILITIES Deposits Collateral payable Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Junior subordinated debt securities Interest rate swaps - commercial loans Interest rate swaps - cash flow hedge 
 (1) As reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands) Carrying 
 Value (1) 
 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 ASSETS Cash and due from banks, including interest-bearing deposits Securities Loans held for sale Portfolio loans, net Collateral receivable Securities held in a deferred compensation plan Mortgage servicing rights Interest rate swaps - commercial loans Interest rate lock commitments Forward sale contracts - mortgage loans LIABILITIES Deposits Securities sold under repurchase agreements Long-term borrowings Junior subordinated debt securities Interest rate swaps - commercial loans 
 (1) As reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 NOTE 4. 
 required reserves for 2022 and 2021. The Federal Reserve reduced the reserve requirement ratio to zero percent effective March 26, 2020. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5. 
 percent of S T Bank s capital stock and surplus. 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 Marketable equity securities Total Securities 
 Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 ) ) Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies ) Collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies ) ) Corporate Obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) Total Available-for-Sale Debt Securities (1) 
 ) ) 
 (1) Excludes interest receivable of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Interest receivable is included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Gross realized losses ) Net Realized Gains 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) ) ) Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies ) ) ) Corporate Obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total (dollars in thousands) Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies ) ) Corporate Obligations Obligations of states and political subdivisions Total ) ) ) 
 We evaluate securities with unrealized losses quarterly to determine if the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. We do not believe any individual unrealized loss as of December 31, 2022 represents a credit impairment. There were debt securities in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022 and debt securities in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2021. The unrealized losses on debt securities were primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and not related to the credit quality of the issuers. All debt securities are determined to be investment grade and paying principal and interest according to the contractual terms of the security. We do not intend to sell and it is more likely 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Net Unrealized Gains/(Losses), Net of Tax Included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) ) ) ) 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Available-for-Sale Debt Securities With Fixed Maturities Collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies Residential mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies Commercial mortgage-backed securities of U.S. government corporations and agencies Corporate Obligations Total Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 Debt securities are pledged in order to meet various regulatory and legal requirements. Restricted pledged securities had a carrying value of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Unrestricted pledged securities had a carrying value of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Any changes to restricted pledged securities require approval of the pledge beneficiary. Approval is not required for unrestricted pledged securities. 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 and a discount related to purchase accounting fair value adjustments of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Business banking Consumer real estate Other consumer Total Portfolio loans Loans held for sale Total Loans (1) 
 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Interest receivable is included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 C I, included million of loans originated under the Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP, at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security, or CARES Act was signed into law. The CARES Act included the PPP, a program designed to aid small and medium sized businesses through federally guaranteed loans distributed through banks. PPP loans are forgivable, in whole or in part, if the proceeds are used for payroll and other permitted expenses in accordance with the requirements of the PPP. The loans are 100 percent guaranteed by the Small Business Administration, or SBA. These loans carry a fixed rate of 1.00 percent and a term of two years, or five years for loans approved by the SBA, on or after June 5, 2020. Payments are deferred for at least six months of the loan. The SBA pays us a processing fee ranging from 1 percent to 5 percent based on the size of the loan. Interest is accrued as earned and loan origination fees and direct costs are deferred and accreted or amortized into interest income over the life of the loan using the level yield method. When a PPP loan is paid off or forgiven by the SBA, the remaining unaccreted or unamortized net origination fees or costs will be immediately recognized into income. 
 Business banking consists of commercial loans made to small businesses that are standard, non-complex products evaluated through a streamlined credit approval process that has been designed to maximize efficiency while maintaining high credit quality standards that meet small business market customers needs. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Business banking Consumer real estate Other consumer Total 
 There was million TDR returned to accruing status during 2022 compared to TDRs returned to accruing status during 2021. 
 Commercial industrial Commercial construction Business banking Consumer real estate Other consumer Total (1) Bankruptcy is consumer bankruptcy loans where the debt has been legally discharged through the bankruptcy court and not reaffirmed. 
 (2) Excludes loans that were fully paid off or fully charged-off by period end. The pre-modification balance represents the balance outstanding prior to modification. The post-modification balance represents the outstanding balance at period end. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Number of Contracts Type of Modification Total 
 Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment (2) 
 Total 
 Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment (2) 
 (dollars in thousands) Bankruptcy (1) 
 Other Extend Maturity Modify Rate Modify Payments Commercial real estate Commercial industrial Commercial construction Business banking Consumer real estate Other consumer Total (1) Bankruptcy is consumer bankruptcy loans where the debt has been legally discharged through the bankruptcy court and not reaffirmed. 
 (2) Excludes loans that were fully paid off or fully charged-off by period end. The pre-modification balance represents the balance outstanding prior to modification. The post-modification balance represents the outstanding balance at period end. 

83 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

loans modified at December 31, 2022, compared to loans that were modified totaling million at December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had commitments to lend an additional million on TDRs compared to commitments to lend an additional million at December 31, 2021. 
 Defaulted TDRs are defined as loans having a payment default of days or more after the restructuring takes place that were restructured within the last 12 months prior to defaulting. There were TDRs that defaulted during 2022 or 2021. 
 Nonaccrual TDRs Total Nonaccrual loans OREO Total Nonperforming Assets 
 
 New loans Repayments or no longer considered a related party ) ) Balance at end of year 

NOTE 8. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

85 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial and Industrial Commercial Construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial Construction Business Banking Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Business Banking Consumer Real Estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Consumer Real Estate Other consumer Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Other Consumer Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Loan Balance 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial and Industrial Commercial Construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial Construction Business Banking Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Business Banking Consumer Real Estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Consumer Real Estate Other consumer Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Other Consumer Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Loan Balance 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Nonaccrual Total Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Accrual Nonaccrual Total Commercial and Industrial Commercial Construction Accrual Nonaccrual Total Commercial Construction Business Banking Accrual Nonaccrual Total Business Banking Consumer Real Estate Accrual Nonaccrual Total Consumer Real Estate Other Consumer Accrual Nonaccrual Total Other Consumer Accrual Nonaccrual Total Loan Balance 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Nonaccrual Total Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Accrual Nonaccrual Total Commercial and Industrial Commercial Construction Accrual Nonaccrual Total Commercial Construction Business Banking Accrual Nonaccrual Total Business Banking Consumer Real Estate Accrual Nonaccrual Total Consumer Real Estate Other Consumer Accrual Nonaccrual Total Other Consumer Accrual Nonaccrual Total Loan Balance 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Business banking Consumer real estate Other consumer Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 (1) 
 (dollars in thousands) Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due Nonaccrual Total Past Due Loans Total Loans Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Business banking Consumer real estate Other consumer Total 
 (1) We had loans that were modified totaling million under the CARES act at December 31, 2021. These customers were not considered past due as a result of their delayed payments. Upon exiting the loan modification deferral program, the measurement of loan delinquency resumed where it left off upon entry into the program. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Business banking Consumer real estate Other consumer Total 
 (1) Represents only cash payments received and applied to interest on nonaccrual loans. 
 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2021 For the twelve months ended (dollars in thousands) Beginning of Period Nonaccrual End of Period Nonaccrual Nonaccrual With No Related Allowance Interest Income Recognized on Nonaccrual (1) 
 Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Commercial construction ) Business banking Consumer real estate Other consumer Total 
 (1) Represents only cash payments received and applied to interest on nonaccrual loans. 
 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Business banking Consumer real estate Total 
 December 31, 2021 Type of Collateral (dollars in thousands) Real Estate Blanket Lien Other Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Commercial construction Business banking Consumer real estate Total 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Provision for credit losses on loans (1) 
 ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (Charge-offs)/Recoveries ) ) ) ) ) Balance at End of Period 
 (1) Excludes the provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments. 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 
 (dollars in thousands) Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Industrial Commercial Construction Business Banking Consumer Real Estate Other Consumer Total Loans Allowance for credit losses on loans: Balance at beginning of period Provision for credit losses on loans (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (Charge-offs)/Recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at End of Period 
 (1) Excludes the provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments. 
 
 The C I portfolio included million of loans originated under the PPP at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021. The loans are 100 percent guaranteed by the SBA, therefore, we have not assigned any ACL to these loans at December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 9. 
 lease contracts, including operating leases and finance leases at December 31, 2022. These leases are for our branch, loan production and support services facilities. Included in the lease expense for premises are leases with S T director, which totaled approximately million for each of the three years 2022, 2021 and 2020. No new lease agreements were entered into in 2022. 
 Amortization of ROU assets - finance leases Interest on lease liabilities - finance leases Total Lease Expense (1) Included in occupancy expense in our Consolidated Statements of Net Income. 
 (2) Included in borrowings interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Net Income. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Operating cash flows Finance Leases ROU assets Operating cash flows Financing cash flows Weighted Average Lease Term - Years Operating leases Finance leases Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less: Present value discount ) ) ) Lease Liabilities 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 10. 
 Premises Furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 Additions Balance at End of Year 
 
 Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if it is determined that a triggering event has occurred. Based upon our qualitative assessment performed for our annual impairment analysis as of October 1, 2022, we concluded that goodwill was not impaired. No events or circumstances since the October 1, 2022 annual impairment test were noted that would indicate goodwill was impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 Additions Accumulated amortization ) ) Balance at End of Year 
 
 Intangible assets of million at December 31, 2022 relate to core deposit and wealth management customer relationships resulting from acquisitions. We determined the amount of identifiable intangible assets for our core deposits based upon an independent valuation. Other intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. There were no triggering events in 2022 requiring an impairment analysis to be completed. 
 Amortization expense on finite-lived intangible assets totaled million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 12. 
 Total Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Interest rate swap contracts - commercial loans Interest rate lock commitments - mortgage loans Forward sales contracts - mortgage loans Total Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Total Derivatives 
 Gross amounts offset Net amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Netting adjustments (1) 
 ) ) Cash collateral (2) 
 ) ) ) Net Amount (1) Netting adjustments represents the amounts recorded to convert derivatives assets and liabilities from a gross basis to a net basis in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. 
 (2) Cash collateral represents the amount that cannot be used to offset our derivative assets and liabilities from a gross basis to a net basis in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. The application of the cash collateral cannot reduce the net derivative position below zero. Therefore, excess cash collateral, if any, is not reflected above. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ) Total ) ) 
 
 Amounts reported in OCI related to derivatives that are designated as hedging instruments are reclassified to interest income as interest payments are received on variable rate assets. During the next twelve months, we estimate that an additional million will be reclassified as a decrease to interest income. 
 ) Interest rate lock commitments mortgage loans ) ) Forward sale contracts mortgage loans ) Total Derivatives (Loss) Gain ) ) 
 
 NOTE 13. 
 million, million and million. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 our servicing portfolio totaled million, million and million. 
 ) Additions Amortization ) ) Temporary recapture Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Additions Amortization ) ) Temporary recapture Balance at December 31, 2022 

NOTE 14. 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Amortization expense, included in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Net Income was million, million and million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The amortization expense was offset by tax credits of million, million and million for the twelve months ended 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

new qualified affordable housing projects and committed to a total investment of million for these new projects. As of December 31, 2022, million of funds were invested into these new projects. No amortization expense or tax credits will be recognized for these new projects until complete. 
 
 NOTE 15. 
 Interest-bearing demand Money market Savings Certificates of deposit Total 
 The aggregate of all certificates of deposits over 250,000, including brokered CDs, were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 16. 
 million and carrying value of million at December 31, 2021 were pledged as collateral for these secured transactions. The pledged securities were held in safekeeping at the Federal Reserve. Due to the overnight short-term nature of REPOs, potential risk due to a decline in the value of the pledged collateral was low. Collateral pledging requirements with REPOs were monitored daily. 
 
 FHLB advances Total Short-term Borrowings 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 17. 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. Long-term FHLB advances are secured by the same loans as short-term FHLB advances. Total loans pledged as collateral at the FHLB were billion at December 31, 2022. We were eligible to borrow up to an additional billion based on qualifying collateral and up to a maximum borrowing capacity of billion at December 31, 2022. 
 Weighted average interest rate Interest expense 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Junior Subordinated Debt Securities 
 Junior subordinated debt trust preferred securities Total 
 Trust Preferred Securities Stated Maturity Date 7/25/2031 5/23/2035 12/15/2036 3/15/2038 Optional redemption date at par Any time after 7/25/2011 Any time after 5/23/2010 Any time after 9/15/2011 Any time after 3/15/2013 Regulatory Capital Interest Rate 6 Month LIBOR plus bps 
 3 Month LIBOR plus bps 
 3 month LIBOR plus bps 
 3 month LIBOR plus bps 
 Interest Rate at December 31, 2022 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

private placements of trust preferred securities to financial institutions. As a result, we own percent of the common equity of STBA Capital Trust I, DNB Capital Trust I and DNB Capital Trust II, or the Trusts. The Trusts were formed to issue mandatorily redeemable capital securities to third-party investors. The proceeds from the sale of the securities and the issuance of the common equity by the Trusts were invested in junior subordinated debt securities issued by us. The third-party investors are considered the primary beneficiaries of the Trusts; therefore, the Trusts qualify as variable interest entities, but are not consolidated into our financial statements. The Trusts pay dividends on the securities at the same rate as the interest paid by us on the junior subordinated debt held by the Trusts. DNB Capital Trust I and DNB Capital Trust II were acquired with the DNB merger. 
 
 NOTE 18. 
 Standby letters of credit Total 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Unfunded Loan Commitments 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses on unfunded commercial and consumer lending commitments and letters of credit to provide for the risk of loss in these arrangements. 
 Provision for credit losses Total 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Contractual obligations represent future cash commitments and liabilities under agreements with third parties and exclude contingent contractual liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments. We have various financial obligations, including contractual obligations and commitments that may require future cash payments. 
 Certificates of deposit (1) 
 Short-term borrowings (1) 
 Long-term borrowings (1) 
 Junior subordinated debt securities (1) 
 Operating and finance leases Purchase obligations Total 
 (1) Excludes interest 
 Operating lease obligations represent lease arrangements as described in Note 10 Premises and Equipment, to the consolidated financial statements. Purchase obligations primarily represent obligations under agreement with our third-party data processing servicer, low income housing obligations and communications charges. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 19. 
 At a point in time Debit and credit card Over a period time At a point in time Wealth management Over a period of time At a point in time Other fee revenue At a point in time 
 (1) Refer to Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for the types of revenue streams that are included within each category. 
 
 NOTE 20. 
 Deferred ) ) Total Federal ) State Current Deferred ) ) Total State Total Federal and State ) 
 The provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes. We ordinarily generate an annual effective tax rate that is less than the statutory rate of 21 percent primarily due to benefits resulting from certain partnership investments, such as low income housing and historic rehabilitation projects, tax-exempt interest, excludable dividend income and tax-exempt income on BOLI. The state tax provision is due to taxable business activities conducted at our loan production office in New York. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Tax-exempt interest ) ) ) Low income housing tax credits ) ) ) Bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Other Effective Tax Rate 
 Net unrealized holding losses on securities available-for-sale Lease liabilities State net operating loss carryforwards Net unrealized losses on interest rate swaps Cumulative adjustment to funded status of pension Low income housing partnerships Other employee benefits Other Deferred Tax Assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Right-of-use lease assets ) ) Deferred loan income ) ) Prepaid pension ) ) Purchase accounting adjustments ) ) Depreciation on premises and equipment ) ) Net unrealized holding gains on securities available-for-sale ) Other ) ) Total Deferred Tax liabilities ) ) Net Deferred Tax Asset 
 We establish a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that we will not be able to realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets. Except for Pennsylvania net operating losses, or NOLs, we have determined that no valuation allowance is needed for deferred tax assets because it is more likely than not that these assets will be realized through future reversals of existing temporary differences and through future taxable income. The valuation allowance is reviewed quarterly and adjusted based on management s assessments of realizable deferred tax assets. Gross deferred tax assets were reduced by a valuation allowance of million in 2022 compared to million in 2021 related to Pennsylvania income tax NOLs. The Pennsylvania NOL carryforwards total million and will expire in the years 2022-2042. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Prior period tax positions ) Current period tax positions Balance at End of Year Amount That Would Impact the Effective Tax Rate if Recognized 
 We classify interest and penalties as an element of tax expense. We monitor changes in tax statutes and regulations to determine if significant changes will occur over the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2022, no significant changes to UTB are projected; however, tax audit examinations are possible. As of December 31, 2022, all income tax returns filed for the tax years 2019 - 2021 remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance. 
 
 NOTE 21. 
 ) ) Net Change Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net Change ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net Change ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) All amounts are net of tax. 
 
 NOTE 22. 
 through March 31, 2016 when the Plan was frozen. Contributions are intended to provide for benefits attributed to employee service to date and for those benefits expected to be earned in the future. 
 Our qualified and nonqualified defined benefit plans, or Plans, were amended to freeze benefit accruals for all persons entitled to benefits under the Plans in 2016. We will continue recording pension expense related to these plans, primarily representing interest costs on the accumulated benefit obligation and amortization of actuarial losses accumulated in the Plans, as well as income from expected investment returns on pension assets. Since the Plans have been frozen, service costs are included in net periodic pension expense. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected Benefit Obligation at End of Year Change in Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual loss on plan assets ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair Value of Plan Assets at End of Year Funded Status ) 
 Total (Before Tax Effects) 
 
 Rate of compensation increase (1) 
 
 (1) Rate of compensation increase is not applicable due to the plan amendment to freeze benefit accruals under the qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans effective March 31, 2016. 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss Settlement charge Net Periodic Pension Expense Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligation Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net actuarial loss/(gain) ) Recognized net actuarial loss ) ) ) Settlement loss recognized ) ) ) Total Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligation Before Tax Effects ) ) Total Recognized in Net Benefit Cost and Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) (Before Tax Effects) ) 
 Rate of compensation increase (1) 
 Expected return on assets 
 (1) Rate of compensation increase is not applicable due to the plan amendment to freeze benefit accruals under the qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans effective March 31, 2016. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 We consider many factors when setting the assumed rate of return on Plan assets. As a general guideline the assumed rate of return is equal to the weighted average of the expected returns for each asset category and is estimated based on historical returns as well as expected future returns. The weighted average discount rate is derived from corporate yield curves. 
 S T Bank s Retirement Plan Committee determines the investment policy for the Plan. In general, the targeted asset allocation is percent to percent equities and alternatives and percent to percent fixed income. A strategic allocation within each asset class is based on the Plan s duration, time horizon, risk tolerances, performance expectations, and asset class preferences. Investment managers have discretion to invest in any equity or fixed-income asset class, subject to the securities guidelines of the Plan s Investment Policy Statement. At this time, S T Bank is not required to make a cash contribution to the Plan in 2023. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 
 We maintain a Thrift Plan, a qualified defined contribution plan, in which substantially all employees are eligible to participate. We make matching contributions to the Thrift Plan up to percent of participants eligible compensation and may make additional profit-sharing contributions as provided by the Thrift Plan. Expense related to these contributions amounted to million in 2022 and million in 2021 and 2020. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Fixed income (3) 
 Equities: Equity index mutual funds international (4) 
 Domestic individual equities (5) 
 Total Assets at Fair Value 
 (1) Refer to Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Fair Value Measurements for a description of levels within the fair value hierarchy. 
 (2) This asset class includes FDIC insured money market instruments. 
 (3) This asset class includes a variety of fixed income mutual funds which primarily invest in investment grade rated securities. Investment managers have discretion to invest in fixed income related securities including futures, options and other derivatives. Investments may be made in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. 
 (4) The sole investment within this asset class is the Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund Admiral Shares. 
 (5) This asset class includes individual domestic equities invested in an active all-cap strategy. It may also include convertible bonds. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fixed income (3) 
 Equities: Equity index mutual funds international (4) 
 Domestic individual equities (5) 
 Total Assets at Fair Value 
 (1) Refer to Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Fair Value Measurements for a description of levels within the fair value hierarchy. 
 (2) This asset class includes FDIC insured money market instruments. 
 (3) This asset class includes a variety of fixed income mutual funds which primarily invest in investment grade rated securities. Investment managers have discretion to invest in fixed income related securities including futures, options and other derivatives. Investments may be made in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. 
 (4) The sole investment within this asset class is Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund Admiral Shares. 
 (5) This asset class includes individual domestic equities invested in an active all-cap strategy. It may also include convertible bonds. 

NOTE 23. 
 shares of our common stock were available for awards granted under the 2021 Incentive Plan and the plan expires from the date of board approval. Previously granted but forfeited shares are added to the shares available for issuance. 
 The 2014 Incentive Stock Plan also provided for cash performance awards and for granting incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and appreciation rights. A maximum of shares of our common stock were available for awards granted under the 2014 Incentive Plan and the plan expires from the date of board approval. Previously granted but forfeited shares are added to the shares available for issuance. 
 Restricted Stock 
 We periodically issue restricted stock to employees and directors pursuant to our 2021 and 2014 Stock Plans. Restricted stock awards are part of the compensation arrangements approved by the Compensation and Benefits Committee. Restricted shares granted under the plans consist of both time and performance-based awards. The awards are granted in accordance with performance levels set by the Compensation and Benefits Committee. During 2022 and 2021, we granted and restricted stock awards of common stock under the 2021 Stock Plan. During 2022, we did t grant any shares under the 2014 stock plan. In 2021 and 2020, we granted, and restricted shares of common stock under the 2014 Stock Plan. 
 Chief Executive Officer Other Awards 2014 Stock Plan Directors Other Awards Total Restricted Stock Grants 
 Common stock is issued as vesting restrictions lapse, which varies according to the terms of the vesting schedules in the award agreements. Restricted stock grants are forfeited if a grantee leaves S T before the end of the vesting period except where accelerated vesting provisions are defined with the award agreements. 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized compensation expense of million, million and million and realized a tax benefit of million, million and million related to restricted stock grants. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Granted Vested Forfeited Non-vested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested Forfeited Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock that will be recognized as compensation expense over a weighted average period of years. 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 We also sponsor a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan, or Dividend Plan, where shareholders may purchase shares of S T common stock at the average fair value with reinvested dividends and voluntary cash contributions. The plan administrator and transfer agent may purchase shares directly from us from shares held in treasury or purchase shares in the open market to fulfill the Dividend Plan s needs. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 24. 
 Investments in: Bank subsidiary Non-bank subsidiaries Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES Long-term debt Other liabilities Total Liabilities Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 Investment income Total Income Interest expense on long-term debt Other expenses Total Expense Income before income tax and undistributed net income of subsidiaries Income tax benefit ) ) ) Income before undistributed net income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed net income (distribution in excess of net income) of: Bank subsidiary ) Non-bank subsidiaries ) ) ) Net Income 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Equity in undistributed (earnings) losses of subsidiaries ) ) Other Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repayment of long term debt ) Sale of treasury shares, net ) ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Cash dividends paid to common shareholders ) ) ) Net Cash Used in Financing Activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash at beginning of year Cash at End of Year 

NOTE 25. 
 million, issued by an unconsolidated trust subsidiary of S T underlying junior subordinated debt, are included in Tier 1 capital for S T. Total capital consists of Tier 1 capital plus junior subordinated debt and the ACL subject to limitation. We currently have million in junior subordinated debt which is included in Tier 2 capital for S T in accordance with current regulatory reporting requirements. 
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require us to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of Total, Tier 1 and Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets and Tier 1 capital to average assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we met all capital adequacy requirements to which we are subject. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

S T Bank Common Equity Tier 1 (to Risk-Weighted Assets) S T S T Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) S T S T Bank Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) S T S T Bank As of December 31, 2021 Leverage Ratio S T S T Bank Common Equity Tier 1 (to Risk-Weighted Assets) S T S T Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) S T S T Bank Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) S T S T Bank 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 26. 
 million share repurchase plan, which was set to expire March 31, 2023. This authorization extended the expiration date of the repurchase plan through March 31, 2024. The plan permits S T to repurchase shares up to the previously authorized million in aggregate value of S T's common stock through a combination of open market and privately negotiated repurchases. The specific timing, price and quantity of repurchases will be at the discretion of S T and will depend on a variety of factors, including general market conditions, the trading price of common stock, legal and contractual requirements, applicable securities laws and S T's financial performance. The repurchase plan does not obligate us to repurchase any particular number of shares. We expect to fund any repurchases from cash on hand and internally generated funds. Any share repurchases will not begin until permissible under applicable laws. 
 Remaining plan capacity at the beginning of the period Total shares repurchased Average share price for the period Total cost of repurchases Remaining plan capacity at the end of the period 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of S T Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of S T Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of net income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL) 
 Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s gross portfolio of loans was 7.2 billion with an associated ACL of 101.3 million. As discussed in Notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the ACL is an estimate of expected credit losses, measured over the contractual life of a loan, that considers historical loss experience, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. The methodology for determining the ACL has two main components: evaluation of expected credit losses for certain groups of homogeneous loans that share similar risk characteristics and an individual assessment of loans that do not share risk characteristics with other loans to determine if a specific reserve is appropriate. 
 
 The ACL for homogeneous loans is calculated using a life-time loss rate methodology with both a quantitative and a qualitative analysis that is applied on a quarterly basis. Management applies qualitative adjustments to reflect the current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts not already reflected in the historical loss information at the balance sheet date. Judgment was required by management to determine the segment specific risk and the reasonable and supportable forecast, which are both part of the qualitative allowance. 
 
 Auditing the ACL involves a high degree of subjectivity due to the segment specific risk and the reasonable and supportable forecast, which are both part of the qualitative allowance. Management s identification and measurement of the segment specific risk and the reasonable and supportable forecast are highly judgmental and could have a significant effect on the ACL. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls over the ACL process, which include, among others, management s review and approval controls designed to assess the need for and level of the segment specific risk and the reasonable and supportable forecast, which are both part of the qualitative allowance and the reliability of the data utilized to support management s assessment. 
 To test the segment specific risk and reasonable and supportable forecast, which are both part of the qualitative allowance, we evaluated the appropriateness of management s methodology and assessed the basis for the adjustments and whether all relevant risks were reflected in the ACL. Regarding the measurement of the segment specific risk and the reasonable and supportable forecast, which are both part of the qualitative allowance, we evaluated the completeness, accuracy and relevance of the underlying internal and external data utilized in management s estimate and considered the existence of additional or contrary information. We evaluated the overall ACL, inclusive of the qualitative adjustments, and whether the amount appropriately reflects a reasonable estimate of lifetime losses by comparing the overall ACL to historical losses and ACL reserves established by peer banking institutions. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

February 24, 2023 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of S T Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited S T Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, S T Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of net income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
 February 24, 2023 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 None 
 
 Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of S T s Chief Executive Officer, or CEO, and Chief Financial Officer, or CFO (its principal executive officer and principal financial officer), management has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of S T s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to S T s management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based on and as of the date of such evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in all material respects, as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 
 b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management assessed S T s system of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, in relation to criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting as described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on this assessment, management concludes that, as of December 31, 2022, S T s system of internal control over financial reporting is effective and meets the criteria of the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of S T's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, in relation to criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting as described in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, S T's internal controls over financial reporting were effective. Our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report on the effectiveness of S T s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included herein. 
 c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes were made to S T s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, S T s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable 
 
 Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Part III, Item 10 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein from the sections entitled Beneficial Ownership of S T Common Stock by Directors and Officers - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Proposal 1 - Election of Directors, Executive Officers of the Registrant, Corporate Governance - Audit Committee, Corporate Governance - Director Qualifications and Nominations: Board Diversity and Corporate Governance - Code of Conduct and Ethics in our proxy statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Part III, Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein from the sections entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation, Director Compensation, Corporate Governance - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Corporate Governance - The S T Board s Role in Risk Oversight and Compensation and Benefits Committee Report in our proxy statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Except as set forth below, the information required by Part III, Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein from the sections entitled Beneficial Owners of S T Common Stock and Beneficial Ownership of S T Common Stock by Directors and Officers in our proxy statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 related to the equity compensation plans in effect at that time. 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plan (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plan approved by shareholders 116,659 (2) 
 961,242 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders Total 116,659 961,242 
 (1) Awards granted under the 2014 and 2021 Incentive Stock Plan. 
 (2) Represents performance shares that can be earned with no associated exercise price. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Part III, Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein from the sections entitled Related Person Transactions and Corporate Governance - Director Independence in our proxy statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Part III, Item 14 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein from the section entitled Proposal 2: Ratification of the Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year 2023 in our proxy statement to be filed for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: The following consolidated financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. No financial statement schedules are being filed because the required information is inapplicable or is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Net Income 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 61 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 63 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements 
 111 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 113 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

(b) Exhibits 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 29, 2014, between S T Bancorp, Inc. and Integrity Bancshares, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 5, 2019, by and between DNB Financial Corporation and S T Bancorp, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of S T Bancorp, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 filed on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of S T Bancorp, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Company has certain long-term debt but has not filed the instruments evidencing such debt as Exhibit 4 as none of such instruments authorize the issuance of debt exceeding 10 percent of the Companies total consolidated assets. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of each such agreement to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 4.1 
 Description of Securities. Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference 
 10.1 
 S T Bancorp, Inc. 2003 Incentive Stock Plan. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-8 Registration Statement (No. 333-111557) of S T Bancorp, Inc. dated December 24, 2003, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.2 
 S T Bancorp, Inc. Thrift Plan for Employees of S T Bank, as amended and restated. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-8 Registration Statement (No. 333-156541) of S T Bancorp, Inc. dated December 31, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.3 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan of S T Bancorp, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-3D Registration Statement (No. 333-156555) of S T Bancorp, Inc. dated January 2, 2009 (included within the prospectus contained therein), and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.4 
 Severance Agreement, by and between Todd D. Brice and S T Bancorp, Inc. dated April 7, 2015. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.5 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of October 2, 2020, by and between S T Bancorp, Inc. and Todd D. Brice. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.6 
 Confidentiality, Trade Secrets, Non-Solicitation and Severance Agreement, dated October 14, 2020, by and between David G. Antolik and S T Bancorp, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.7 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement David G. Antolik, dated October 12, 2020. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.8 
 Confidentiality, Trade Secrets, Non-Solicitation and Severance Agreement, dated October 14, 2020, by and between Mark Kochvar and S T Bancorp, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2020. 
 10.9 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement Mark Kochvar, dated October 12, 2020. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

(b) Exhibits 10.10 
 S T Bancorp, Inc. 2014 Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.9 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.11 
 Severance and General Release Agreement, dated August 4, 2020, by and between David P. Ruddock and S T Bancorp, Inc., S T Bank and any of their subsidiaries or affiliated business. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference 
 10.12 
 Confidentiality, Trade Secrets, Non-Solicitation and Severance Agreement, dated November 2, 2020, by and between Ernest J. Draganza and S T Bancorp, Inc., S T Bank and their subsidiaries and affiliated companies. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.13 
 Confidentiality, Trade Secrets, Non-Solicitation and Severance Agreement, October 21, 2020, by and between George Basara and S T Bancorp, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.14 
 Severance Agreement dated April 20, 2015 by and between George Basara and S T Bancorp, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.15 
 S T Bancorp, Inc. 2021 Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.16 
 Severance and General Release Agreement, by and between Ernest J. Draganza and S T Bancorp, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.17 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 12, 2021, by and between S T Bancorp, Inc. and Christopher J. McComish. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.18 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 12, 2021, by and between S T Bancorp, Inc. and David G. Antolik Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.19 
 Severance Agreement dated June 7, 2022 by and between George Basara and S T Bancorp, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.2 0 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement - LTIP. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 3, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.21 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement - Non-LTIP. Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 3, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.23 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement - Directors. Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 filed on August 3, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.24 
 Severance and General Release Agreement, dated October 12, 2022, by and between Charles Carroll and S T Bancorp, Inc., S T Bank and any of their subsidiaries or affiliated businesses. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on October 17, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.25 
 S T Bancorp, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.26 
 Confidentiality, Trade Secrets, Non-Solicitation and Severance Agreement, dated October 21, 2020, between Mr. Carroll and S T Bancorp, Inc. S T Bank, and their subsidiaries and affiliated companies. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S T Bancorp, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

(b) Exhibits 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer. 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer. 32 
 Rule 13a-14(b) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101) 
 Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 S T BANCORP, INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 /s/ Christopher J. McComish 2/24/2023 Christopher J. McComish, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date /s/ Mark Kochvar 2/24/2023 Mark Kochvar Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ Christopher J. McComish Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 2/24/2023 Christopher J. McComish /s/ Mark Kochvar Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 2/24/2023 Mark Kochvar /s/ Melanie Lazzari Executive Vice President, Controller 2/24/2023 Melanie Lazzari /s/ David G. Antolik President and Director 2/24/2023 David G. Antolik /s/ Christine J. Toretti Chair of the Board and Director 2/24/2023 Christine J. Toretti /s/ Lewis W. Adkins, Jr Director 2/24/2023 Lewis W. Adkins, Jr. /s/ Peter R. Barsz Director 2/24/2023 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 
 S T BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

SIGNATURE TITLE DATE Peter R. Barsz /s/ Christina A. Cassotis Director 2/24/2023 Christina A. Cassotis /s/ Michael J. Donnelly Director 2/24/2023 Michael J. Donnelly /s/ Jeffrey D. Grube Director 2/24/2023 Jeffrey D. Grube /s/ William J. Hieb Director 2/24/2023 William J. Hieb /s/ Frank J. Palermo, Jr. Director 2/24/2023 Frank J. Palermo, Jr. /s/ Steven J. Weingarten Director 2/24/2023 Steven J. Weingarten 
 
 121 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex-21202210k.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 S&T Bancorp, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation, is a financial holding company. The table below sets forth all of our subsidiaries, except certain inactive subsidiaries, as to state or jurisdiction of organization. 
 Subsidiary State or Jurisdiction of Organization S&T Bank Pennsylvania 9th Street Holdings, Inc. Delaware S&T Bancholdings, Inc. Delaware S&T Insurance Group, LLC Pennsylvania S&T Professional Resources Group, LLC Pennsylvania S&T Settlement Services, LLC Pennsylvania Stewart Capital Advisors, LLC Pennsylvania STBA Capital Trust I Delaware Commonwealth Trust Credit Life Insurance Company Arizona DNB Capital Trust I Delaware DNB Capital Trust II Delaware DN Acquisition Company, Inc. Pennsylvania 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex-231202210k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-258470) of S&T Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries pertaining to the automatic shelf registration filed August 5, 2021, 
 2. Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-156555) of S&T Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries pertaining to the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan, 
 3. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-194083) of S&T Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries pertaining to the 2014 Incentive Plan filed on February 21, 2014, 
 4. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333- 258482) of S&T Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries pertaining to the 2021 Incentive Plan filed on August 5, 2021, and 
 5. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-156541) of S&T Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries pertaining to the Thrift Plan for Employees of S&T Bank 

of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of S&T Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of S&T Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of S&T Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex-311202210k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Christopher J. McComish, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of S&T Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report), that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Christopher J. McComish Christopher J. McComish Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex-312202210k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Mark Kochvar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of S&T Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report), that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Mark Kochvar Mark Kochvar Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex-32202210k.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 906 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with the S&T Bancorp, Inc. (the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher J. McComish Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, and I, Mark Kochvar, Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the dates and period covered by the report. 
 This certificate is being made for the exclusive purpose of compliance by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company with the requirements of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person or for any reason other than as specifically required by law. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Christopher J. McComish s Mark Kochvar Christopher J. McComish Mark Kochvar Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 stba-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 stba-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 stba-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 stba-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 stba-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

