<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_1281984_0001493152-23-008558.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3392697</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>153877</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>662118</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>934125</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>728252</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>845036</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008558.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322170052
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008558
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Decentral Life, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001281984
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				460495298
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55961
		FILM NUMBER:		23753598

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3465 S GAYLORD CT.
		STREET 2:		SUITE A509
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80113
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-933-3277

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3465 S GAYLORD CT.
		STREET 2:		SUITE A509
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Social Life Network, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160413

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SEW CAL LOGO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008558.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
File No: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 (Address
of principal executive office, including zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Name
of exchange on which registered: 

 Not
Applicable 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold as of June 30, 2022 0.0014 per share), the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, was . 

The
Company has common stock
shares outstanding as of March 22, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

Not
Applicable 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 4 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 14 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 14 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 14 
 
 PART II 
 15 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 15 
 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 16 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 17 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 17 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 18 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 18 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 19 
 
 PART III 
 19 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 19 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 24 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 26 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 26 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 27 
 
 PART IV 
 28 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 28 

i 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements . All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections of earnings, revenue
or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objections of management for future operations; any statements
concerning proposed new services, products or developments; future economic conditions or performance; any statements or belief; and
any statements or assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 

Forward-looking
statements may include the words may, could, estimate, intend, continue, 
 believe, expect or anticipate or other similar words. These forward-looking statements present
our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this annual report. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake
no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results or events expressed or implied therein will not be realized.
We advise you, however, to consult further disclosures we make in future public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and
in public statements and press releases. 

Forward-looking
statements in this annual report include express or implied statements concerning our future revenues, expenditures, capital and
funding requirements; the adequacy of our current cash; and working capital to fund present and planned operations and financing
needs; and future economic and other conditions. These statements are based on currently available operating, financial and
competitive information and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors including, but not limited
to, those set forth below in the section entitled Risk Factors in this annual report, which you should carefully read.
Given those risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, you should not place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements. As such, you should carefully consider and accept any and all of the risks associated with
purchasing our securities, including the possible loss of your entire investment. 

Our
financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US unless otherwise stated and are prepared in accordance with United States
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

In
this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all references to common shares or common stock shares refer
to restricted common stock shares. 

As
used in this annual report on Form 10-K, the terms we , us 
 our or the Company or Decentral Life refer to Decentral Life, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

Corporate
Overview Organization, Corporate Changes, Business Model, Revenue Generation 

Organization 

We
launched the Company in January of 2013 and took it public through a reverse merger in June of 2016 in an effort to expand our business
model as a technology business incubator (TBI). Our goal is to become the largest and most valuable market capitalized TBI in the world.
Our unique business model makes it easier for individual private and public investors to participate in the growth prospects of each
company that participate in our TBI program. 

Our
Technology Business Incubator program provides tech company founders with the option to license our technology from us and receive
assistance in growing their business through our executive knowledge and leadership. We make it easier for start-up founders to
focus on raising capital, proving their business model, and fostering company growth and expansion. Our own IP technology is an
artificial intelligence (AI) powered social network and ecommerce platform that leverages blockchain technology to increase
development speed, user privacy and security, and incorporates the use of cryptocurrency in the form of NFT s and token
securities used throughout the niche social platforms that we license to the companies in our TBI program. 

In
August of 2021, we formed a new division that focuses entirely on aiding founders with the creation and development of blockchain technology
that can help their companies incorporate the best Web3 business models. The division s first successful project was the development and
launching of the WDLF security token in Q3 of 2021. Since then, we have launched and licensed Decentralized Apps that aid companies to
launch and manage their own security token offering STO ). 

Throughout
2022, we have launched smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain. Our goal is to build a decentralized global technology
platform, through the mining and security token offering of our WDLF token. Our WDLF Ethereum tokens (ERC20)
are mined by the users of our technology platform that is licensed by companies in our TBI program. The users spend their time creating
content, connecting with other users online, and influencing their own friends and followers on mainstream social platforms to join that
TBI company s technology platform, or niche social networking marketplace. 

Corporate
Changes 

On August 30, 1985, the Company was
incorporated as a private corporation, CJ Industries, Inc., in California. On
February 24, 2004, the Company merged with Calvert Corporation, a Nevada Corporation, changing our name to Sew Cal Logo, Inc., and moved our
domicile from California to Nevada, at which time our common stock became traded under the ticker symbol SEWC . 

In
June 2014, Sew Cal Logo, Inc. was placed into receivership in Nevada s 8th Judicial District (White Tiger Partners, LLC et al v.
Sew Cal Logo, Inc.et al, Case No A-14-697251-C) (Dept. No.: XIII) (the Receivership ). 

On
January 29, 2016, the Company, as the Seller, completed a business combination/merger agreement (the Agreement with the
buyer, Life Marketing, Inc., a Colorado corporation (the Buyer ), its subsidiaries and holdings, and all of the Buyer s
securities holders. The Company acted through the court-appointed receiver and White Tiger Partners, LLC, its judgment creditor. The
Agreement provided that the then current owners of the private company, Life Marketing, Inc., become the majority shareholders, pursuant
to which an aggregate of 119,473,334 common stock shares were issued to the Company s officers. On April 11 th , 2016,
we changed our name to Social Life Network, Inc. and changed our ticker symbol from SEWC to WDLF. 

1 

On September 20, 2018, the Company incorporated
MjLink.com, Inc. MjLink ), a Delaware Corporation. On February 1, 2020, MjLink. filed its Form 1-A Offering Document for
a Regulation A Tier 2 initial public offering, which the SEC qualified on September 28, 2020. On January 1, 2021, the Company ceased
operating MjLink as a division; MjLink continued operations as an independent company, in return for MjLink issuing the Company 15.17 
of MjLink s. outstanding Class A common stock shares. 

On March 4, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board increased its number of authorized
shares of Common Stock from 500,000,000 to 2,500,000,000 Common Stock Shares pursuant to an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation
with the state of Nevada, and additionally submitted to Nevada the Company s Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and
Limitations of its Class B Shares, providing that each Class B Share has one-hundred (100) votes on all matters presented to be voted
by Common Stock Holders. The Class B Shares only have voting power and have no equity, cash value, or any other value. 

Effective
March 4, 2020, our Board unanimously approved the issuance of 25,000,000 Class B Shares to Ken Tapp, our Chief Executive
Officer, in return for his services as our Chief Executive Officer from February 1, 2016 to February 29, 2020, which shares are equal
to two billion five hundred million (2,500,000,000) votes and otherwise have no equity, cash value or any other value. 

On May 8, 2020, the Company filed Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation Amended Articles in Nevada to increase its authorized shares from 2,500,000,000 to 10,000,000,000
Shares and our Preferred Shares from 100,000,000 to 300,000,000 Shares. Additionally, the Amended Articles authorized the Company from
May 8, 2020 and continuing until June 30, 2021, as determined by its Board in its sole discretion, to effect a Reverse Stock Split of
not less than 1 share for every 5,000 shares and no more than 1 share for every 25,000 shares (the Reverse Stock Split ). 

On December 11 th , 2020, the Company filed a Form 8-K stating that the Company would not be executing the
Reverse Stock Split, which Reverse Stock Split expired on March 31 st , 2021, pursuant to the May 8, 2020, Amended Articles described
immediately above. 

Effective
March 28, 2021, our Board unanimously approved the issuance of fifty million (50,000,000) Class B Common Stock Shares to Ken Tapp, our
Chief Executive Officer, in return for his services as our Chief Executive Officer from March 1, 2020 to February 28, 2021, which shares
are equal to five billion (5,000,000,000) votes and otherwise have no equity, cash value or any other value. 

On
June 30, 2021, our Board unanimously approved the adoption of the Certificate
for Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate ), which Certificate was filed in Nevada on June 30,
2021 and became effective on July 6, 2021. The Certificate, provides that, among other things, that each Preferred A Share has the right
to convert each Series A Preferred Share into 20 Common Stock Shares and has liquidation rights over all other series of Preferred Stock. 

Effective
January 25, 2023, our Board unanimously approved the issuance of twenty-five million (25,000,000) Class B Shares to Ken Tapp, our Chief
Executive Officer, which shares are equal to two billion five hundred million (2,500,000,000) votes and otherwise have no equity, cash
value or any other value. 

As of the date of this filing, our Chief Executive
Officer controls over 10,000,000,000 votes via his issuance of an aggregate of 100,000,000 Class B Shares. 

On February 2, 2023, FINRA approved our name change from Social Life Network, Inc. to Decentral Life, Inc. 

2 

Business
Model 

We
are a Technology Business Incubator (TBI), which operates through individual SaaS (software as a service) licensing agreements with our
TBI participating companies and provides each TBI company with the use of our technology platform to run their own social networking
and ecommerce company. Using our technology platform and leveraging the executive leadership that we provide each TBI company, their
executives find it easier to focus on growing their business faster, and ultimately reaching a liquidity event such as an initial public
offering or an acquisition. 

As
of first quarter 2023, the following industry specific companies participate and operate in our TBI program: the Hunting, Fishing, Camping, RV Travel,
Motor Racing, Racket Sports, Boating, E-biking, Cycling, Golfing, Cannabis, Hemp, Space Exploration, Soccer, Transportation, Blockchain,
AI, and Residential Real Estate sectors. 

TBI
participating companies give us revenue, and a stake in their company as detailed below. This business model makes
our long-term book-value greater, and our revenue growth more reliable, by diversifying our technology and human resources across multiple
global business sectors. 

Revenue
Generation 

We
generate revenues from our TBI participating companies that license social networking and/or ecommerce technology from us and charge
them 5 of the revenue that is made from our tech platform. Additionally, we receive up to 15 or their securities when they reach a
liquidity event if they participate in our TBI program. We also develop and license decentralized applications (dApps) built on the Ethereum
blockchain, that are sold to our clients that do not necessarily participate in our TBI program. Our dApps are licensed to clients 
annually, and differ in pricing due to the customization, installation time, training, and blockchain related fees. Revenue generated
from our dApps can range from thousands to tens of thousands of USD each year, per client. 

Global
Operations 

We
currently operate and support the ongoing technology development of our platform, used by consumers and companies across 120 countries
worldwide. Our directors, executives, and niche industry business advisors support the growth of each TBI company in our program. Management s goal is to increase the potential of each TBI company reaching a liquidity event, in the shortest time
possible. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
technology platform and associated applications, features and functionality are comprised of proprietary software, code and know-how
that are of key importance to our business plan. 

Better
Practices 

We
spend a significant amount of time each year with our TBI startup founders and their management teams, developing better business practices
in our effort to increase the probability of their success and eventual liquidity events. 

Sources
and Availability of Products and Names of Principal Su ppliers 

We
currently rely on certain key suppliers and vendors in the support and
maintenance of our business model. Management mitigates the associated risks of these single-source vendor relationships by ensuring that
we have access to additional qualified vendors and suppliers to provide like or complementary services. 

3 

Dependence
on One or a Few Major TBI Licensees 

We
are not dependent upon one or a few major TBI program licensees and we do not expect to have any significant attrition of TBI licensees.
We depend on our own management s ability to work with our existing and future TBI licensees to help them succeed with their own
business model. 

Government
Regulation 

Government
regulation is of significant concern for our business. Our management believes it currently possesses all requisite authority to conduct
our business successfully while abiding by government regulations. 

Cost
and Effects of Compliance with Environmental Laws 

Our
operations are not subject to federal, state or local environmental regulations. 

Seasonality
of Business 

We
do not have a seasonal business cycle. 

Patents
and Intellectual Property/Trademarks/Licenses/Franchises 

We
do not currently own any patents and have no intention of applying for patents. 

Raw
Materials 

We
do not use raw materials in our business. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities is highly speculative and should be purchased only by persons who can afford to lose their entire investment.
Before purchasing any of our securities, you should carefully consider the following factors relating to our business and prospects.
If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In
such case, you may lose all or part of your investment. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information
in this annual report before in investing in our common stock. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has issued a going concern opinion; there is substantial uncertainty that we will continue
operations in which case you could lose your investment. 

In
their report dated December 31, 2022, our independent registered public accounting firm, BF Borgers CPA PC, stated that our financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes that we will be able to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities
and commitments in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. We had an accumulated deficit of 32,793,526 at December
31, 2022. This factor raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon our generating profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations
and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Our management intends to finance operating costs
over the next twelve months with existing cash on hand and public issuance of common stock. Although we may be successful in obtaining
financing and/or generating revenue to fund our operations, meet regulatory requirements and achieve commercial goals, there are no assurances
that such funding will be achieved at a sufficient level or that we will succeed in our future operations. 

If
our Social Networking Platform technology becomes obsolete, our ability to license our Platform and generate revenue from it will be
negatively impacted. 

If
our Platform technology becomes obsolete, our results of operations will be adversely affected. The market in which we compete is characterized
by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, introductions of new products, and changes in customer demands that can render
existing products obsolete and unmarketable. Our Platform will require continuous upgrading, or our technology will become obsolete,
and our business operations will be curtailed or terminate. 

4 

Litigation
may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

From
time to time in the normal course of its business operations, we may become subject to litigation that may result in liability material
to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our s operating results if changes to our business operations are required.
The cost to defend such litigation may be significant and may require a diversion of resources. There also may be adverse publicity associated
with litigation that could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or
whether we are ultimately found liable. Insurance may be unavailable at all or in sufficient amounts to cover liabilities with respect
to these or other matters. A judgment or other liability in excess of the insurance coverage for any claims could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

We
expect to incur substantial expenses to meet our reporting obligations as a public company. 

We
estimate that it will cost approximately 300,000 annually to maintain the proper management and financial controls for our filings required
as a public reporting company, funds that would otherwise be spent for our business operations. Our public reporting costs may increase
over time, which will increase our expenses and may decrease our potential profitability. 

Should we experience material decreases
in our licensing and digital marketing revenues, our results of operations will be negatively impacted. 

We
have generated a majority of our revenue in 2022 and 2021 from licensing, event, and digital marketing revenues, respectively; the loss
of the majority of our revenues in future periods will negatively affect our results of operations. 

Because
our Chief Executive Officer holds 57.5 of our outstanding voting stock,
he can exert significant control over our business and affairs and have actual or potential interests that may depart from those of investors. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer beneficially owns approximately 57.5 of our outstanding voting stock primarily through his ownership of Class
B Common Stock Shares. which provides him with significant influence and control over all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval,
irrespective of how our other stockholders may vote, including the following actions: 

to
 elect or defeat the election of our directors; 

to
 amend or prevent amendment of our certificate of incorporation or by-laws; 

to
 effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and 

to
 control the outcome of any other matter submitted to our stockholders for a vote. 

This
concentration of ownership by itself may have the effect of impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business consolidation,
or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent
our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

We
face intense competition because many of our competitors have greater resources than we do. 

We
face significant competition with respect to our social networking platform, including but not limited to Facebook and LinkedIn,
which offer a variety of online digital and social networking technology offerings. As such, we expect tech competition to intensify
further in the future and we will be subject to competition. Many of our competitors, including the competitors stated above, have
greater capital resources, facilities and diversity of services and product lines, which will enable them to compete more
effectively in this market. Competition may increase because of consolidation within a respective industry. We may be unable to
differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors, or successfully develop and introduce new products and
services that are less costly than, or superior to, those of our competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

5 

We
compete with other platforms for market share and for the time and attention of consumers. The proliferation of choices available to
consumers for information and business connections has resulted in audience fragmentation and has negatively affected overall consumer
demand. We also compete with digital publishers and other forms of media, including social media platforms, search platforms, portals,
and digital marketing services. The competition we face has intensified because of the growing popularity of mobile devices, such as
smartphones and social-media platforms, and the shift in consumer preference from print media to digital media for the delivery and consumption
of content, including video content, websites or use our digital applications directly. Given the ever-growing and rapidly changing number
of digital media options available on the Internet, we may be unable to increase our online traffic sufficiently and retain or grow a
base of frequent visitors to our websites and applications on mobile devices. In addition, the ever-growing and rapidly changing number
of digital media options available on the Internet may lead to technologies and alternatives that we are unable to offer. 

The
proliferation of new platforms available to advertisers may affect both the amount of advertising that we are able to sell as well as
the rates advertisers are willing to pay. Our ability to compete successfully for advertising also depends on our ability to drive scale,
engage digital audiences, and prove the value of our advertising and the effectiveness of our digital platforms, including the value
of advertising adjacent to high quality content, and on our ability to use our brands to continue to offer advertisers unique, and multi-platform
advertising programs. If we are unable to demonstrate to advertisers the continuing value of our digital platforms or offer advertisers
unique advertising programs tied to our brands, business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

We
will need substantial additional funding to continue our operations, which could result in dilution to our stockholders; we may be unable
to raise capital when needed, if at all, which could cause us to have insufficient funds to pursue our operations, or to delay, reduce
or eliminate our development of new programs or commercialization efforts. 

We
expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company and to require substantial additional funding to continue
to pursue our business and our expansion plans. We may also encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications,
delays and other unknown factors that may increase our capital needs and/or cause us to spend our cash resources faster than we expect.
Accordingly, we expect that we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in order to continue our operations. To date, we have
financed our operations entirely through equity investments by founders and other investors and the incurrence of debt, and we expect
to continue to do so in the foreseeable future. Additional funding from those or other sources may be unavailable when or in the amounts
needed, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we raise capital through the sale of equity, or securities convertible into equity, it will
result in dilution to our existing stockholders, which could be significant depending on the price at which we may be able to sell our
securities. If we raise additional capital through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, we will likely become subject to further
covenants restricting our business activities, and holders of debt instruments may have rights and privileges senior to those of our
equity investors. In addition, servicing the interest and principal repayment obligations under debt facilities could divert funds that
would otherwise be available to support development of new programs and marketing to current and potential new clients. If we are unable
to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate development of new programs or
future marketing efforts. Any of these events could significantly harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 

We
must successfully maintain and/or upgrade our information technology systems. 

We
rely on various information technology systems to manage our operations, which subjects us to inherent costs and risks associated with
maintaining, upgrading, replacing and changing these systems, including impairment of our information technology, potential disruption
of our internal control systems, substantial capital expenditures, demands on management time and other risks of delays or difficulties
in upgrading, transitioning to new systems or of integrating new systems into our current systems . 

6 

Because we
do not have certain corporate governance matters in place such as an independent board of directors or nominating, audit, or compensation
committees, there may be conflicts of interests and corporate governance related risks. 

Our
Board consists mostly of current executive officers and consultants, which means that we do not have any outside or independent directors.
The lack of independent directors: 

May
 prevent the Board from being independent from management in its judgments and decisions and its ability to pursue the Board responsibilities
 without undue influence. 

May
 present us from providing a check on management, which can limit management taking unnecessary risks. 

Create
 potential for conflicts between management and diligent independent decision-making process of the Board. 

Present
 the risk that our executive officers on the Board may have influence over their personal compensation and benefits levels that may
 not be commensurate with our financial performance. 

Deprive
 us of the benefits of various viewpoints and experience when confronting challenges that we face. 

Because
officers serve on our Board, it will be difficult for the Board to fulfill its traditional role as overseeing management. 

Additionally,
we do not have a nominating, audit or compensation committee or any such
committee comprised of independent directors. The Board performs these functions. No members of the Board are independent directors. Thus,
there is a potential conflict in that board members who are also part of management will participate in discussions concerning management
compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

We
may have difficulty obtaining officer and director coverage or obtaining such coverage on favorable terms or financially be unable
to obtain any such coverage, which may make it difficult for attracting and retaining qualified members of our board of directors,
particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee and hiring/retaining qualified executive
officers. 

We
also expect that being a public company and these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and
officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage
or financially be unable to obtain such coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 

7 

Security
breaches and other disruptions could compromise the information that we maintain and expose us to liability, which would cause our business
and reputation to suffer. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we may collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business
information and that of our customers and business partners, and personally identifiable information of our customers, in our data centers
and on its networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our business strategy, information
technology and infrastructure and we may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other
disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our network and services and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed,
lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under
laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, and disruption to our operations and the services it provides
to customers. This often results in a loss of confidence in our products and services, which could adversely affect our ability to earn
revenues and competitive position and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

We
are subject to data privacy and security risks 

Our
business activities are subject to laws and regulations governing the collection, use, sharing, protection and retention of personal
data, which continue to evolve and have implications for how such data is managed. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC continues to expand its application of general consumer protection laws to commercial data practices, including to the use of personal
and profiling data from online users to deliver targeted Internet advertisements. Most states have also enacted legislation regulating
data privacy and security, including laws requiring businesses to provide notice to state agencies and to individuals whose personally
identifiable information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. 

Similar
laws and regulations have been implemented in many of the other jurisdictions in which we operate, including the European Union. Recently,
the European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which is intended to provide a uniform set of
rules for personal data processing throughout the European Union and to replace the existing Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC).
Fully enforceable as of May 25, 2018, the GDPR expands the regulation of the collection, processing, use and security of personal data,
contains stringent conditions for consent from data subjects, strengthens the rights of individuals, including the right to have personal
data deleted upon request, continues to restrict the trans-border flow of such data, requires mandatory data breach reporting and notification,
increases penalties for non-compliance and increases the enforcement powers of the data protection authorities. In response to such developments,
industry participants in the U.S., and Europe have taken steps to increase compliance with relevant industry-level standards and practices,
including the implementation of self-regulatory regimes for online behavioral advertising that impose obligations on participating companies,
such as us, to give consumers a better understanding of advertisements that are customized based on their online behavior. We continue
to monitor pending legislation and regulatory initiatives to ascertain relevance, analyze impact and develop strategic direction surrounding
regulatory trends and developments, including any changes required in our data privacy and security compliance programs. 

We
may be unable to identify, purchase or integrate desirable acquisition targets, future acquisitions may be unsuccessful, and we may not
realize the anticipated cost savings, revenue enhancements or other synergies from such acquisitions. 

We
plan to investigate and acquire strategic businesses with the potential to be accretive to earnings, increase our market penetration,
brand strength and its market position or enhancement of our existing product and service offerings. There can be no assurance that we
will identify or successfully complete transactions with suitable acquisition candidates in the future. Additionally, if we were to undertake
a substantial acquisition, the acquisition may need to be financed in part through additional financing through public offerings or private
placements of debt or equity securities or through other arrangements. There is no assurance that the necessary acquisition financing
will be available to us on acceptable terms if and when required. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities
or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. We may also unknowingly inherit liabilities from acquired
businesses or assets that arise after the acquisition and that are not adequately covered by indemnities. In addition, if an acquired
business fails to meet our expectations, its operating results, business and financial position may suffer. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or prevent
fraud; as a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business
and the trading price of our stock . 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud, our brand and operating results will likely be harmed. We may in the future discover areas of our
internal controls that need improvement. We cannot be certain that any measures we implement will ensure that we achieve and maintain
adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls,
or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations.
Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and materially harm our
business, which would have a negative effect on our operations. 

8 

We
may be unable to effectively manage our growth or improve our operational, financial, and management information systems, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

In
the near term and contingent upon raising adequate funds or generate the needed revenue, we intend to expand our operations significantly
to foster growth. Growth may place a significant strain on our business and administrative operations, finances, management and other
resources, as follows: 

The
 need for continued development of financial and information management systems; 

The
 need to manage strategic relationships and agreements with customers and partners; and 

Difficulties
 in hiring and retaining skilled management, technical, and other personnel necessary to support and manage the business. 

Should
we fail to successfully manage growth could, our results of operations will be negatively affected. 

If
we fail to protect or develop our intellectual property, business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Any
infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property could damage its value and limit its ability to compete. We may have to
engage in litigation to protect the rights to our intellectual property, which could result in significant litigation costs and require
a significant amount of management time and attention. In addition, our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights
may be limited in certain countries outside the United States, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market position
in such countries by utilizing technologies that are similar to those that we develop. 

We
may also find it necessary to bring infringement or other actions against third parties to seek to protect its intellectual property
rights. Litigation of this nature, even if successful, is often expensive and time-consuming to prosecute and there can be no assurance
that we will have the financial or other resources to enforce its rights or prevent other parties from developing similar technology
or designing around our intellectual property. 

Our
trade secrets may be difficult to protect . 

Our
success depends upon the skills, knowledge, and experience of our technical personnel, consultants and advisors. Because we operate in
several highly competitive industries, we rely in part on trade secrets to protect our proprietary technology and processes. However,
trade secrets are difficult to protect. We enter into confidentiality or non-disclosure agreements with our corporate partners, employees,
consultants, outside scientific collaborators, developers, and other advisors. These agreements generally require that the receiving
party keep confidential and not disclose to third party s confidential information developed by the receiving party or made known
to the receiving party by us during the course of the receiving party s relationship with us. These agreements also generally provide
that inventions conceived by the receiving party in the course of rendering services will be our exclusive property. 

These
confidentiality, inventions and assignment agreements may be breached and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to
us. Our trade secrets also could be independently discovered by competitors, in which case will be unable to prevent the use of such
trade secrets by our competitors. The enforcement of a claim alleging that a party illegally obtained and was using our trade secrets
could be difficult, expensive and time consuming and the outcome would be unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States
may be less willing to protect trade secrets. The failure to obtain or maintain meaningful trade secret protection could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

9 

The
consideration being paid to our management is not based on arms-length negotiation. 

The
compensation and other consideration we have paid or will be paid to our management has not been determined based on arm s length
negotiations. While management believes that the consideration is fair for the work being performed, we cannot assure that the consideration
to management reflects the true market value of its services. 

There
are risks associated with the proposed expansion of our business. 

Any
expansion plans that we undertake to increase or expand our operations entail risks, which may negatively impact our potential profitability.
Consequently, investors must assume the risk that (i) such expansion may ultimately involve expenditures of funds beyond the resources
available to us at that time, and (ii) management of such expanded operations may divert management s attention and resources away
from its existing operations, any of which factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. We cannot assure investors that our products, services, or controls will be adequate to support anticipated growth of our
operations. 

Our
business and operations and that of the businesses that we may acquire interests in may experience rapid growth; if we fail to manage
our growth, our business and operating results could be negatively impacted . 

We
or the companies from which we may acquire interests from may experience rapid growth in their respective operations, which may place significant
demands on our and those acquired companies management, operational and financial infrastructure. If the companies from which
we intend to acquire interests do not manage growth, the quality of their products and/or services could materially suffer, which could
negatively affect our brand and operating results and that of the companies we intend to acquire interests of. To manage this growth,
we and those acquired companies will need to continue to improve operational, financial and management controls and reporting systems
and procedures. These systems enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures and allocation of valuable
management resources. If the improvements are not implemented successfully, our and those companies ability to manage growth will
be impaired causing significant additional expenditures. 

Acquiring
interests in other companies could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences. 

We
do not have direct experience in acquiring interests of companies. which acquisitions if completed will be material to our financial
condition and results of operations and may create material risks, including: 

need
 to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies 

diversion
 of management s time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges 

retaining
 employees 

need
 to integrate each company s accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems for effective
 management. 

Should
we be unsuccessful in the above integration aspects, the anticipated benefit of our acquiring interests in other companies may not materialize.
Future acquisitions or dispositions will likely result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of
debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. Future
acquisitions may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may be unavailable on favorable terms or at all. 

10 

COVID-19
RELATED RISKS 

The
outbreak of the coronavirus may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout
China and other parts of the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak
of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health
and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community
in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic .
The significant outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial
markets worldwide, and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
outbreak of the COVID-19 may adversely affect our customers or subscribers and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Further,
the risks described above could also adversely affect our potential licensee s financial condition, resulting in reduced spending
by our licensee to pay us our license fees. Risks related to an epidemic, pandemic, or other health crisis, such as COVID-19, could negatively
impact the results of operations of one or more of our l licensees or potential licensee operations. The ultimate extent of the impact
of any epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis on our licensees and our business, financial condition and results of operations will
depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning
the severity of such epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis and actions taken to contain or prevent their further spread, among others.
These and other potential impacts of an epidemic, pandemic, or other health crisis, such as COVID-19, could therefore materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Certain
historical data regarding our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity does not reflect the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic and related containment measures and therefore does not purport to be representative of our future performance 

The
information included in this Annual report on Form 10-K and our other reports filed with the SEC includes information regarding our business,
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity as of dates and for periods before and during the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
and related containment measures (including quarantines and governmental orders requiring the closure of certain businesses, limiting
travel, requiring that individuals stay at home or shelter in place and closing borders). Therefore, certain historical information does not reflect the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related containment measures. Accordingly, investors are cautioned
not to unduly rely on such historical information regarding our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, as
that data does not reflect the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and therefore does not purport to be representative of the future
results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or other financial or operating results of us, or our business. 

During
2021, we experienced material decreases in our revenues due to Covid-19 

During
2021, we experienced material decreases in our revenues and results of operations due to Covid-19 when comparing our 2020 results to
our 2021 financial results. Should this downward Covid-19 related trend continue, our revenues and results of operations will continue
to be materially and negatively impacted. 

THE
OUTBREAK OF COVID-19 HAS RESULTED IN A WIDESPREAD HEALTH CRISIS THAT COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE ECONOMIES AND FINANCIAL MARKETS WORLDWIDE
AND COULD EXPONENTIALLY INCREASE THE RISK FACTORS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND BELOW. 

11 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES 

An
investment in our securities is highly speculative . 

Our
tokens, common and preferred shares are highly speculative in nature, involve a high degree of risk and should be purchased only by persons
who can afford to lose the entire amount invested. Before purchasing any of our securities, you should carefully consider the risk factors
contained herein relating to our business and prospects. If any of the risks presented herein actually occur, our business, financial
condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our tokens and common stock
could decline at any time, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

There
is no active public trading market for our tokens and preferred stock and an active market may never develop. 

Our
WDLF tokens and preferred stock is not quoted on any trading medium. Consequently, investors may be unable to liquidate their investment
or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. As a result, holders of our securities may not find purchasers for
our securities should they attempt to sell their securities. Consequently, only investors having no need for liquidity in their investment
should purchase our securities and who can hold our securities for an indefinite period. 

You
will experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. 

We
may in the future offer additional securities in our company. Although no assurances can be given that we will consummate new financing,
in the event we do, or in the event we sell shares of preferred or common stock or other securities convertible into shares of our common
stock in the future, additional and substantial dilution will likely occur. In addition, investors purchasing shares or other securities
in the future could have rights superior to investors in prior offerings. Subsequent offerings at a lower price, often referred to as
a down round , could result in additional dilution. 

Future
issuances of debt securities, which would rank senior to our common stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation, and future issuances of
preferred stock, which would rank senior to our common stock for the purposes of dividends and liquidating distributions, may adversely
affect the level of return you may be able to achieve from an investment in our common stock. 

In
the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by offering debt securities. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation, holders of
our debt securities, and lenders with respect to other borrowings we may make, would receive distributions of our available assets prior
to any distributions being made to holders of our common stock. Moreover, if we issue preferred stock, the holders of such preferred
stock could be entitled to preferences over holders of common stock in respect of the payment of dividends and the payment of liquidating
distributions. Because our decision to issue debt and/or preferred securities in any future offering, or borrow money from lenders, will
depend in part on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature
of any such future offerings or borrowings. Holders of our common stock must bear the risk that any future offerings we conduct or borrowings
we make may adversely affect the level of return they may be able to achieve from an investment in our common stock. 

External
economic factors may have a material adverse impact on our business prospects. 

Success
can also be affected significantly by changes in local, regional and national economic conditions. Factors such as inflation, labor,
energy, real estate costs, the availability and cost of suitable employees, fluctuating interest rates, state and local laws and regulations
and licensing requirements and increased competition can also adversely affect us. 

The
market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate significantly in the future. 

We
expect that the market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate in response to one or more of the following factors, many of which are
beyond our control: 

competitive
 pricing pressures; 

our
 ability to market our services on a cost-effective and timely basis; 

changing
 conditions in the market; 

changes
 in market valuations of similar companies; 

stock
 market price and volume fluctuations generally; 

regulatory
 developments; 

fluctuations
 in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; and 

future
 sales of our Common Stock or other securities. 

The
price at which you purchase shares of our Common Stock may not be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market. Shareholders
may experience wide fluctuations in the market price of our securities. These fluctuations may have a negative effect on the market price
of our securities and may prevent a shareholder from obtaining a market price equal to the purchase price such shareholder paid when
the shareholder attempts to sell our securities in the open market. In these situations, the shareholder may be required either to sell
our securities at a market price, which is lower than the purchase price the shareholder paid, or to hold our securities for a longer
period than planned. An inactive or low trading market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares of capital stock.
You may be unable to sell your shares of Common Stock at or above your purchase price, which may result in substantial losses to you
and which may include the complete loss of your investment. Any of the risks described above could adversely affect our sales and profitability
and the price of our Common Stock. 

12 

Any
market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock regulations and restrictions pertaining to low
priced stocks that will create a lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible. 

The
trading of our securities will be in the over-the-counter market, which is commonly referred to as the OTC Markets, as maintained by
FINRA. As a result, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the price of our securities. 

Rule
3a51-1 of the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a penny stock, for purposes relevant to us, as any equity security
that has a minimum bid price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to a limited
number of exceptions that are not available to us. It is likely that our shares will be penny stocks for the foreseeable future. This
classification severely and adversely affects any market liquidity for our common stock. 

For
any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person s
account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction setting
forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person s account for transactions in
penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person and make
a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that that person has sufficient knowledge
and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, sets forth: 

the
 basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and 

that
 the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Disclosure
also must be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available
to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Additionally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information
for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

Because
of these regulations, broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or may encounter
difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders
to sell their shares in any secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market. These
additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities when our securities become publicly traded.
In addition, the liquidity for our securities may decrease, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares,
probably, will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable future and our shareholders will, likely, find it difficult to
sell their securities. 

13 

If
we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and
sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for
shares of our common stock. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of
internal control over financial reporting, which is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Cautionary
Note 

We
have sought to identify what we believe to be the most significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent,
any of such risks may be realized nor can we guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise. Investors should
carefully consider all of such risk factors before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
executive and administrative office is located at 6400 S. Fiddlers Green Circle, Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111 and is adequate for
our purposes. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are currently involved in the following legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

Peak
One Opportunity Fund, L.P. 

On
April 9, 2021, we commenced legal action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida against Peak One Opportunity
Fund, L.P. Peak One and Jason Goldstein Goldstein ), alleging, among other things, that Peak One is acting
as an unregistered dealer in violation of Section 15(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act and, therefore,
certain debentures and warrants entered into by and between us and Peak One should be declared void ab initio and, further, that
Peak One is liable for recessionary damages to us pursuant to Section 29(b) of the Act. 

On
June 11, 2021, Peak One and Goldstein filed a motion to dismiss our complaint, which the Court subsequently granted on June 28, 2021,
on procedural grounds, and without prejudice, and closed the action for administrative purposes. 

On
July 2, 2021, we filed an amended complaint against Peak One, Goldstein, Peak One Investments, LLC Peak Investments , and
together with Peak One and Goldstein, the Peak Parties and J.H. Darbie Co. Darbie ), along with a
motion to reopen the action, alleging, among other things, that the Peak Parties are acting as unregistered dealers in violation of Section
15(a) of the Act. 

On
July 8, 2021, the Court denied our motion to reopen the action, without prejudice, as the amended complaint contravened the Eleventh
Circuit s prohibition against shotgun pleadings. 

On
July 22, 2021, we filed a motion for clarification and/or for leave to file its second amended complaint. 

On
August 5, 2021, Peak One and Goldstein filed an opposition to our motion for leave to file a second amended complaint and, further, moved
for sanctions pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 1927. 

On February 27, 2023, we filed Plaintiff s Objection to Magistrate s
Report and Recommendation. 

We
intend to litigate the causes of action asserted in the amended complaint against the Peak Parties and Darbie, including but not limited
to Peak One is acting as an unregistered dealer in violation of Section 15(a) of the Act and, therefore, we are entitled to have the
debentures and warrants entered into by and between us and Peak One declared void ab initio and, further, that Peak One is liable
to us for recessionary damages to the Company pursuant to Section 29(b) of the Act. We contend that the foregoing arguments are brought
in good faith, particularly in light of recent SEC enforcement actions against other unregistered dealers. 

LGH
Investments, LLC 

On
April 19, 2021, we commenced legal action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California against LGH Investments,
LLC LGH and Lucas Hoppel Hoppel alleging, among other things, that LGH is acting as unregistered dealer
in violation of Section 15(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act and, therefore, certain convertible promissory
notes and share purchase agreements entered into by and between the Company and Peak One should be declared void ab initio and,
further, that Peak One is liable for recessionary damages to the Company pursuant to Section 29(b) of the Act. 

On
June 25, 2021, LGH and Hoppel filed a motion to dismiss our complaint. 

On
July 8, 2021, we filed a motion for extension of time to respond to LGH and Hoppel s motion to dismiss our complaint. The Court
granted our motion for an extension of time on July 13, 2021. 

On
July 16, 2021, we filed our first amended complaint against LGH, Hoppel, and J.H. Darbie Darbie alleging, among other
things, that LGH is acting as unregistered dealers in violation of Section 15(a) of the Act. 

In
turn, on July 23, 2021, the Court denied LGH and Hoppel s motion to dismiss as moot. 

On February 8, 2023,
the 9Th Circuit granted our motion to take judicial notice on California s legislative history/documents dealing with Usury. 

We
intend to litigate the causes of action asserted in the amended complaint against LGH, Hoppel, and Darbie, including but not limited
to LGH acting as an unregistered dealer in violation of Section 15(a) of the Act which upon a favorable judgement would entitle us
to have the convertible promissory notes and share purchase agreements entered into by and between us and Peak One declared void ab
initio and, further, make LGH liable to the Company for recessionary damages to the Company pursuant to Section 29(b) of
the Act. We contend that the foregoing arguments are brought in good faith, particularly in light of recent SEC enforcement actions
against other unregistered dealers. 

We
know of no material pending legal proceedings to which we or our subsidiary is a party or of which any of our properties, or the properties
of our subsidiary, is the subject. In addition, we do not know of any such proceedings contemplated by any governmental authorities. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

14 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
information 

Our
common stock is not traded on any exchange but is currently available for trading in the over-the-counter market and is quoted on the
OTC Markets under the symbol WDLF Trading in stocks quoted on these markets is often thin and is characterized by wide
fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. 

The
SEC also has rules that regulate broker/dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks
generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities listed on certain national exchanges, provided
that the current price and volume information with respect to transactions in that security is provided by the applicable exchange or
system). The penny stock rules require a broker/dealer, before effecting a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the
rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature
and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker/dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker/dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker/dealer and salesperson
compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing before effecting the transaction, and must be given to the
customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the
level of trading activity in the secondary market for shares of our common stock. As a result of these rules, investors may find it difficult
to sell their shares 

Set
forth below are the range of high and low bid quotations for the periods indicated as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board. The market
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter Ended 
 High Bid 
 Low Bid 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.0032 
 0.0017 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.0033 
 0.0013 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.0025 
 0.0012 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.0047 
 0.0017 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.0048 
 0.0018 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.0079 
 0.0029 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.0213 
 0.0056 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 0.0355 
 0.0019 

On March 17, 2023, the closing price of our common stock as reported by
the OTC Markets Group was 0.0013 per share. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is ClearTrust, LLC. , 16540 Pointe Village Dr. Suite 205, Lutz, FL 33558; Phone number:
(813) 235-4490 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of March 17, 2023, there were 162 holders of record of our common stock and 7,394,792,892 shares of our common stock issued and
outstanding. 

15 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid dividends. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, but currently
intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. The payment of dividends if any, on our common
stock will rest solely within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital
requirements, financial condition, and other relevant factors. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this
Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual
results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a Nevada corporation formed on August 30, 1985. Our headquarters are in Greenwood Village, Colorado. We have been engaged in our current
business model since June of 2016, as a result of our having been discharged from a receivership and acquiring Life Marketing, Inc.,
which was in a different industry as our previous business. 

We
have experienced recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception, including in our current business model. We
anticipate that our expenses will increase as we ramp up our expansion, which likely will lead to additional losses, until such time
that we approach profitability, or which there are no assurances. We have relied on equity and debt financing to fund operations to-date.
There can be no guarantee that we will ever become profitable, or that adequate additional financing will be realized in the future or
otherwise may be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we would be forced to
delay, reduce or eliminate our expansion efforts. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability, of which there
are no assurances. 

Trends
and Uncertainties 

Our
business is subject to the trends and uncertainties associated with expansion of niche industry social networks and ecommerce solutions
are increasing in popularity and availability. At some point, industry saturation of technology solutions that we provide to, and support
for TBI participant tech startup companies will make it more difficult for our business model to expand. This will force our company
to innovate new technology solutions leading to additional funding costs. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that we will be able to realize our assets
and discharge our liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. We had an accumulated deficit
of 32,793,526 at December 31, 2022. This factor raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability
to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our generating profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing
to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Our management intends
to finance operating costs over the next twelve months with existing cash on hand. While we believe that we will be successful generating
revenue to fund our operations, meet regulatory requirements and achieve commercial goals, there are no assurances that we will succeed
in our future operations. 

16 

We
will attempt to overcome the going concern opinion by increasing our TBI licensing to additional tech company startups, thereby increasing
our revenues, which will increase our expenses and lead to possible net losses. 

COMPARATIVE
RESULTS FOR FISCAL YEARS 

Results
of Operations for the 12-month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 944,413 in revenues, compared
to 292,139 in revenue from licensing during the year ended December 31, 2021. The 652,274 increase in revenue is primarily attributable
to the sale of seven new digital asset platforms, the addition of one new TBI client licensee, and revenue share from the existing TBI
licensees. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue was 48,217 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 22,611 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is attributable
to higher revenue levels. 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 260,221 in operating expenses compared to 654,128 in operating expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2021, a material decrease of 393,307. The decrease is attributable to a reduction in 2022 in all expense categories
including a reduction of 52,681 in compensation expense, a reduction of 6,782 in sales and marketing expense, and a reduction of 334,444
in general and administrative expense. 

Other
income 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated 91,411 of other income and 1,707,087) of other expense, respectively. The
key contributing factor in the 2022 period being the 41,111 PPP loan forgiveness, and other income of 50,000 due to the reversal of
an accrual. The loss in the 2021 period is attributable to the loss of 1,551,768 on the extinguishment of debt, and other expense of
 155,319. 

Net
Profit (Loss) 

As
a result of the foregoing we generated a profit from continuing operation 727,386 in net income during the year ended December, 2022,
compared to a loss of 2,091,687 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 we had -0- in net loss from discontinued operations compared to 27,700 during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

Net
cash provided by operating activities was 395,986 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 312,867 in net cash used during
the year ended December 31, 2021. The material increase in net cash provided during the 2022 period is primarily attributable to an improvement
in profitability during the 2022 period. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

Net
cash used in financing activities was 197,452 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 313,450 provided by financing activities
during the year ended December 31 2021. The reduction in cash provided by financing activities is attributable to our raising
 100,000 from the sale of common stock in the 2021 period compared to zero in the 2022 period and our CEO advancing 213,450
in related party loans in the 2021 period, compared to a repayment of 197,452 of those loans during the 2022 period. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

17 

SOCIAL
LIFE NETWORK, INC. 

 INDEX
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-3 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Decentral Life, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Decentral Life, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements
of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In
addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/S/
 (PCAOB ID 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017 

March
20, 2023 

F- 2 

DECENTRAL
LIFE, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable related party 

Security deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Loans payable related party 

SBA loan 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit): 

Common Stock par value shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 3 

DECENTRAL LIFE, INC 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended 
 Year ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Licensing and software revenue related party 

Total revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses 

Compensation expense 
 - 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Oher income (expense) 

Loss on the extinguishment of debt 
 - 

PPP Loan Forgiveness 
 
 - 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Total other income (expense) 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

Net loss from discontinued operations 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net income (loss) per share from continuing operations 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net income (loss) per share from discontinued operations 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

DECENTRAL LIFE, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common Stock B 
 Common Stock A 
 Additional 
 Paid In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Totals 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 - 

Issuance of voting shares 

Conversion of convertible notes to common stock 

Private placement 

Warrant exercises 

MJLink spinoff adjustments 

Cancellation of shares issued in prior years 

- 
 - 

To adjust excess cumulative shares 

To adjust common stock value 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Common Stock B 
 Common Stock A 
 Additional 
 Paid 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 In Capital 
 Deficit 
 Totals 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Return of common shares by shareholder 
 - 

- 

Net income from continuing operations 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

DECENTRAL LIFE, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended 
 Year ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows used in operating activities 

Net profit (loss) from continuing operations 

Net (loss) from discontinued operations 
 - 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Loss on the extinguishment of convertible promissory notes 
 - 

PPP Loan Forgiveness 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on sale of discontinued assets 
 - 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable -related party 

Security deposits 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows provided by financing activities 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock private placement 

Proceeds from related party loans 

Payment for related party loans 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash information: 

Common stock issued in satisfaction of convertible notes payable 
 - 

Cancellation of shares issued in prior years 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

DECENTRAL
LIFE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

common stock shares were issued to the Company s officers. 

NOTE
1 ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS (continued) 

Corporate
Changes (continued) 

On
September 20, 2018, the Company incorporated MjLink.com, Inc. MjLink ), a Delaware Corporation. On February 1, 2020, MjLink.
filed its Form 1-A Offering Document for a Regulation A Tier 2 initial public offering, which the SEC qualified on September 28, 2020.
On January 1, 2021, the Company ceased operating MjLink as a division; MjLink continued operations as an independent company, in return
for MjLink issuing the Company of MjLink s. outstanding Class A common stock shares. 

On
March 4, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board increased its number of authorized shares of Common Stock
from to Common Stock Shares . 

Effective
March 4, 2020, the Board authorized the issuance of 
Class B Common Stock Shares to Ken Tapp, our Chief Executive Officer, in return for his services as our Chief Executive Officer from
February 1, 2016 to February 29, 2020, which
shares are equal to and have no equity, cash value or any other
value. 

On
May 8, 2020, the Company filed Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Amended Articles in Nevada to increase
its authorized shares from to Shares and our Preferred Shares from to Shares. . 

On
December 11 th , 2020, the Company filed a Form 8-K stating that the Company would not be executing the Reverse Stock Split,
which Reverse Stock Split expired on March 31 st , 2021 pursuant to the May 8, 2020 Amended Articles described immediately above. 

Effective
March 28, 2021, our Board unanimously approved the issuance of fifty million Class B Common Stock Shares to Ken Tapp, our
Chief Executive Officer, in return for his services as our Chief Executive Officer from March 1, 2020 to February 28, 2021, which shares
are equal to five billion votes and otherwise have no equity, cash value or any other value. 

On
June 30, 2021, our Board unanimously approved the adoption of the Certificate for Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (the
 Certificate ), which Certificate was filed in Nevada on June 30, 2021 and became effective on July 6, 2021. The Certificate,
provides that, among other things, that each Preferred A Share has the right to convert each Series A Preferred Share into 20 Common
Stock Shares and has liquidation rights over all other series of Preferred Stock. 

The
Company s Business 

The
Company is a Technology Business Incubator (TBI), which operates through individual SaaS (software as a service) licensing agreements
with our TBI participating companies and provides each TBI company with the use of our technology platform to run their own social networking
and ecommerce company. Using our technology platform and leveraging the executive leadership that we provide each TBI company, their
executives find it easier to focus on growing their business faster, and ultimately reaching a liquidity event such as an initial public
offering or an acquisition. 

NOTE
1 ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS (continued) 

The
Company s Business (continued) 

As
of first quarter 2023, the following industry specific companies participate and operate in our TBI program: the Hunting, Fishing, Camping,
RV Travel, Motor Racing, Racket Sports, Boating, E-biking, Cycling, Golfing, Cannabis, Hemp, Space Exploration, Soccer, Transportation,
Blockchain, AI, and Residential Real Estate sectors. 

TBI
participating companies give us revenue, and a stake in their company as detailed below. This business model makes our long-term book-value
greater, and our revenue growth more reliable, by diversifying our technology and human resources across multiple global business sectors. 

Revenue
Generation 

We
generate revenues from our TBI participating companies that license social networking and/or ecommerce technology from us and charge
them 5 of the revenue that is made from our tech platform. Additionally, we receive up to 15 or their securities when they reach a
liquidity event if they participate in our TBI program. We also develop and license decentralized applications (dApps) built on the Ethereum
blockchain, that are sold to our clients that do not necessarily participate in our TBI program. Our dApps are licensed to clients 
annually, and differ in pricing due to the customization, installation time, training, and blockchain related fees. Revenue generated
from our dApps can range from thousands to tens of thousands of USD each year, per client. 

Global
Operations 

We
currently operate and support the ongoing technology development of our platform, used by consumers and companies across 120 countries
worldwide. Our directors, executives, and niche industry business advisors support the growth of each TBI company in our program. Management s
goal is to increase the potential of each TBI company reaching a liquidity event, in the shortest time possible. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
technology platform and associated applications, features and functionality are comprised of proprietary software, code and know-how
that are of key importance to our business plan. 

Better
Practices 

We
spend a significant amount of time each year with our TBI startup founders and their management teams, developing better business practices
in our effort to increase the probability of their success and eventual liquidity events. 

and , respectively. 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

percent effective January 1, 2018. FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes, requires deferred
tax assets and liabilities to be adjusted for the effect of a change in tax laws or rates in the year of enactment, which is the year
in which the change was signed into law. Accordingly, we adjusted its deferred tax assets and liabilities at March 31, 2020, using the
new corporate tax rate of 21 percent. 

The
Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Section 740-10-25 with regards to uncertainty
income taxes. Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return
should be recorded in the financial statements. Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain
tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based
on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section
740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods
and requires increased disclosures. The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according
to the provisions of Section 740-10-25. 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

of cash on hand and an accumulated deficit of . These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its generating profitable
operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet obligations and repay liabilities arising from normal business
operations when they come due. The Company s management intends to finance operating costs over the next year with the public issuance
of common stock and related party loans. While the Company believes that it will be successful in obtaining the necessary financing and
generating revenue to fund its operations, meet regulatory requirements and achieve commercial goals, there are no assurances that such
additional funding will be achieved or that it will succeed in its future operations. The Company s financial statements do not
include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

: 

(a) 
 any
 director or executive officer of our company; 

(b) 
 any
 person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; 

(c) 
 any
 person that is part of a group, consisting of two or more persons that agreed to act together for the purpose of acquiring, holding,
 voting or disposing of our common stock, that acquired control of our company when it was a shell company; and 

(d) 
 any
 member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in- laws) of any of the foregoing persons. 

NOTE
4 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued) 

. This type of licensing agreement is standard for technology incubators and tech start-up
accelerators. 

The
Company s related party licensing revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively
or of its gross revenue. 

The
Company paid 1 of its Advisors, Vincent (Tripp) Keber, , for his consulting services during the first quarter of 2021. 

From
January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021, Ken Tapp, from time-to-time, provided short-term interest free loans totaling 
for the Company s operations. From January 1 to December 31, 2022, the Company repaid Kenneth. Tapp against his outstanding
loan balance. At December 31, 2022, the Company owed to Ken Tapp. 

As
noted in Note 7, the Company completed a December 31, 2020 Division Spin-Off Agreement Spin-Off Agreement) between MjLink.com,
Inc. MjLink and the Company s whereby the Parties agreed that the Company would cease our operating MjLink as our cannabis
division. and going forward MjLink would conduct its own operations (the Spin-Off ). The Company recorded a loss from discontinued
operations of - - and , respectively during the YEAR ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. In connection with the Spin-Off,
MjLink issued the Company or of its outstanding shares for MjLink s use of the Company s license from January
1st 2020 to December 31, 2020. Ken Tapp is the Company s and MjLink s Chief Executive Officer and the transaction was treated
as a related party transaction. Thereafter, to reflect the true intention of the Parties to the Spin-Off Agreement, the Parties then
agreed in an Amended Spin-Off Agreement to reflect an effective date of 12:01 am on January 1, 2021 of the Spin-Off transaction Effective
Date ). Apart from the Effective Date, there were no further changes to the Spin-Off Agreement. 

vested warrants outstanding. 

years 

common shares at an average of , for a value of . 

Canceled
 shares issued in prior years at par value, for a total value of . 

Issued
 shares upon the exercise of warrants 

Issued
 shares and raised pursuant to a private placement 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 there were and shares issued and outstanding. 

Class
B 

Effective
March 4, 2020, our Board unanimously approved the issuance of Class B Shares to Ken Tapp, our Chief Executive Officer, in
return for his services as our Chief Executive Officer from 

Effective March 28, 2021, our Board unanimously
approved the issuance of fifty million Class B Common Stock Shares to Ken Tapp, our Chief Executive Officer, in return for
his services as our Chief Executive Officer from 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there are shares of Class B shares outstanding. 

Preferred
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had shares of preferred stock authorized with no preferred shares
outstanding. 

Based
on a unanimous vote of the Company s directors, the Company designated shares of Cumulative Convertible Preferred A
shares. On July 6, 2021, the Certificate of Rights and Preferences for those shares was approved. Each Preferred A Share has the right
to convert each Series A Preferred Share into 20 Common Stock Shares if and only if, the Company become listed on the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE) or NASDAQ, and shall have liquidation rights over other series of Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022, no Preferred
A shares have been issued. 

NOTE
6 COMMON STOCK 

Convertible
Debt and Other Obligations 

Convertible
Debt 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company had - in convertible debt, outstanding. There were no conversions during the
year ended December 31, 2022. A summary of the convertible notes issued and converted to common stock during 2021 is listed below: 

(A) 
 On
 May 24, 2019, the Company completed a -month fixed convertible promissory note and other related documents with an unaffiliated
 third-party funding group to generate , which will be distributed in three equal monthly tranches of , in additional
 available cash resources with a payback provision of plus the original issue discount of or due seven months
 from each funding date for each tranche, totaling . The Company received only two of the three tranches of , generating
 in additional available cash resources with a payback provision due on December 23, 2019 and February 2, 2020 totaling 
 which includes the original issue discount of plus interest of . In connection therewith, the Company issued 
 common stock shares for two tranches with another common stock shares to be issued with the third tranche, and it reserved
 which was subsequently increased to billion restricted common shares for conversion. The conversion price is the lower
 of or sixty five percent of the 2 lowest traded prices of the Common Stock for the twenty Trading Days immediately
 preceding the date of the date of conversion. The Company determined that because the conversion price is variable and unknown, it
 could not determine if it had enough reserve shares to fulfill the conversion obligation. As such, pursuant to current accounting
 guidelines, the Company determined that the beneficial conversion feature of the note created a fair value discount of at
 the date of issuance when the stock price was at per share. This note was paid in full on . 

(B) 
 On
 June 12, 2019, the Company completed a -month convertible promissory note and other related documents with an unaffiliated third-party
 funding group to generate in additional available cash resources with a payback provision due on June 11, 2020 of 
 which includes the original issue discount of plus interest of . In connection with the note, we have reserved 
 restricted common shares as reserve for conversion. The conversion price is a discount to the average of the two (2) lowest trading
 prices during the previous twenty trading days to the date of a Conversion Notice. The Company determined that because the conversion
 price is variable and unknown, it could not determine if we had enough authorized shares to fulfill the conversion obligation. On
 December 19, 2019, the Company converted of principle into shares of common stock at approximately per
 share. As such, pursuant to current accounting guidelines, the Company determined that the beneficial conversion feature of the note
 created a fair value discount of at the date of issuance when the stock price was at per share. This note was paid
 in full on . 

(C) 
 On
 June 26, 2019, the Company completed a -month senior convertible promissory note and other related documents with an unaffiliated
 third-party funding group to generate in additional available cash resources with a payback provision due on March 25, 2020
 of which includes the original issue discount of plus interest of . In connection with the note, the Company
 issued common stock shares and has reserved , which was subsequently increased to billion restricted common shares
 for conversion. The conversion price is the lower of or sixty five percent of the 2 lowest traded prices of the Common
 Stock for the twenty Trading Days immediately preceding the date of the date of conversion. The Company determined that because
 the conversion price is variable and unknown, it could not determine if the Company had enough authorized shares to fulfill the conversion
 obligation. As such, pursuant to current accounting guidelines, the Company determined that the beneficial conversion feature of
 the note created a fair value discount of at the date of issuance when the stock price was at per share. This note
 was paid in full on . 

(D) 
 On
 August 21, 2019, the Company completed a -month convertible promissory note and other related documents with an unaffiliated third-party
 funding group to generate , which would be distributed in three equal monthly tranches of . Only one tranche of 
 was received, and created available cash resources with a payback provision of plus the original issue discount of 
 or due twelve months from each funding date for each tranche, totaling . The Company generated in additional
 available cash resources with a payback provision due on August 20, 2020 totaling which includes the original issue discount
 of plus interest of . In connection therewith, the Company issued common stock shares for the first tranche with
 another common stock shares to be issued with each additional tranche, which will total common shares; the Company
 reserved which was subsequently increased to billion restricted common shares for conversion. The conversion price is
 the discount to the average of the two (2) lowest trading prices during the previous twenty trading days to the date of
 a Conversion Notice. The Company determined that because the conversion price is variable and unknown, it could not determine if
 it had enough authorized shares to fulfill the conversion obligation. As such, pursuant to current accounting guidelines, the Company
 determined that the beneficial conversion feature of the note created a fair value discount of at the date of issuance when
 the stock price was approximately per share. This note was paid in full on . 

On
March 12, 2021, MjLink.com relieved all its debt obligation to the Company. 

SBA
Loans 

As
a result of the onset of COVID -19, on April 15, 2020, the Company received a forgivable Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL 
Loan). On April 21, 2020, under the Payroll Protection Program, the Company received a forgivable loan of , and on June 10, 2020,
the Company received an EIDL Loan . The total amount of these loans was . These loans were given to small businesses
by the Small Business Application (SBA) to help support employees of the companies, as financial aid, in order to sustain businesses
during the mandatory COVID-19 lockdown. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the loan and the loan were forgiven and recorded as Other Income on the
Company s Statement of Operations. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance of these loans were and
 , respectively. The EIDL loan is repayable over a 30 year period, commencing in November 2022, at a rate of interest. 

during the year ended December 31, 2021. In connection with the Spin-Off, MjLink issued the Company or of its outstanding
shares for MjLink s use of the Company s license from January 1st 2020 to December 31, 2020. Ken Tapp is the Company s
and MjLink s Chief Executive Officer and the transaction was treated as a related party transaction. Thereafter, to reflect the
true intention of the Parties to the Spin-Off Agreement, the Parties then agreed in an Amended Spin-Off Agreement to reflect an effective
date of 12:01 am on January 1, 2021 of the Spin-Off transaction Effective Date ). Apart from the Effective Date, there
were no further changes to the Spin-Off Agreement. 
 
 Income(loss) before provision for income taxes 
 - 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 

Class B Shares to Ken Tapp, our Chief Executive Officer, which shares are equal to two
billion five hundred million votes and otherwise have no equity, cash value or any other value. 

As of the date of this 10-K filing, our Chief Executive Officer controls over votes via his issuance
of an aggregate of Class B Shares. 

On
February 3, 2023, FINRA approved the Company s name change from Social Life Network, Inc. to Decentral Life, Inc. 

F- 16 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

As
required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), our chief
executive officer, who is our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K.
Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive officer, concluded that, as at December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective: (1) to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The conclusion reached by our chief executive officer
was a result of the material weaknesses described below. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. We have identified the following material weaknesses: 

(i) 
 inadequate
 segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and 

(ii) 
 insufficient
 staffing resources resulting in financial statement closing process. 

To
address these material weaknesses, our chief executive officer performed additional analyses and other procedures, including retaining
the assistance of qualified accounting professionals to assist with the preparation of our financial statements, to ensure that the financial
statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for
the periods presented. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material
respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Remediation
of Material Weaknesses 

We
intend to take appropriate and reasonable steps to make the necessary improvements to remediate these deficiencies. We intend to consider
the results of our remediation efforts and related testing as part of our year-end 2022 assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Due
to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties has not always been possible and may not be economically feasible. However,
we are in the process of implementing processes and procedures intended to mitigate any material weaknesses identified. 

Subject
to receipt of additional financing, we intend to undertake the below remediation measures to address the material weaknesses described
in this Form 10-K. Such remediation activities include the following: 

(i) 
 we
 intend to update the documentation of our internal control processes, including formal risk assessment of our financial reporting
 processes; and 

(ii) 
 we
 intend to implement procedures pursuant to which we can ensure segregation of duties and hire additional resources to ensure appropriate
 review and oversight. 

Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues,
if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can
be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

18 

Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. In order to evaluate the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer conducted an assessment, including testing, using the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013),
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Our system of internal control
over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 

Based
on our evaluation under the framework in COSO, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our internal
controls over financial reporting were ineffective as of December 31, 2022 due to the above-noted material weaknesses with respect to
disclosure controls and procedures. The weaknesses and their related risks are not uncommon in a company of our size because of the limitations
in the size and number of staff. We believe we have taken initial steps to mitigate these risks by consulting outside advisors where
necessary. 

Our
management believes that because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by our independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

All
directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until their successors have been elected and
qualified, or until their death, resignation or removal. The executive officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors
and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. 

19 

Our
directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration of such, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position
 Held with Our Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Date
 First Elected 
 or Appointed 
 
 Ken Tapp 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer 

June
 6, 2016 
 
 Britt
 Glassburn 
 
 Board
 Member 

January
 21, 2020 
 
 Brian
 Lazarus 
 
 Board
 Member 

January
 21, 2020 
 
 Gregory
 Todd Markey 
 
 President 

January
 21, 2020 
 
 Lynn
 Murphy 
 
 Board
 Member 

January
 21, 2020 

Business
Experience 

During
the past five years, none of the persons identified above has been involved in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or convicted in
a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. There is no arrangement or understanding between the persons
described above and any other person pursuant to which the person was selected to his or her office or position. 

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience of directors and executive officers during at least the past five
years, indicating their principal occupation during the period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which they
were employed: 

Ken Tapp, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer 

Ken
Tapp has served as our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer since our inception. Ken Tapp has spent 30 years
in the internet technology industry, including executive positions at MOVE.com and for the past 25 years as a director or executive at
more than two dozen internet technology startups. 

Britt
Glassburn, Board Member 

Britt
Glassburn was appointed as our Director on January 21, 2020. Britt Glassburn has spent nearly 30 years in the residential real estate
industry, and over the past seven years focusing her attention to increasing the business acumen of real estate professionals through
best-in-class technology tools and industry specific coaching. 

Brian
Lazarus, Board Member 

Brian
Lazarus was appointed as our Director on January 21, 2020. Brian Lazarus has spent over 40 years producing notable entertainment and
experiential events with specialized skills at professional audio, video and digital tech. He is the co-founder and Executive Vice President
of Media Star Promotions, one of the nation s top branding, touring and strategic marketing agencies. 

Gregory
Todd Markey, Board Member 

Todd
Markey was appointed as our Director on January 21, 2020. Mr. Markey has more than 10 years of finance and capital markets experience
and is a trusted expert for micro-cap to small cap companies in expanding their investor and public relations. Additionally, he has assisted
companies in the pre-IPO and up-listing process, from the OTC markets onto Nasdaq and NYSE stock exchanges. 

Lynn
Murphy, Board Member 

Lynn
Murphy was appointed as our Director on January 21, 2020. Lynn Murphy has specialized in sales and marketing as the founder and owner
of several companies over the past 30 years. With an MBA and extensive C Suite level negotiations experience, he has grown companies
from start-up to multi-million dollar revenue generators. 

20 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any director or executive officer of our company. 

Significant
Employees 

We
do not currently have any significant employees other than our executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors and executive officers has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

(a) 
 any
 petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws filed by or against, or an appointment of a receiver, fiscal
 agent or similar officer by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which such person was a general
 partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which such person was
 an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

(b) 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offences); 

(c) 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining such person from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: (i) acting as a futures commission
 merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any
 other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment
 adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company,
 bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with
 such activity; engaging in any type of business practice; or (iii) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale
 of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities laws or federal commodities laws; 

(d) 
 being
 the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any federal or state authority
 barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph
 (c)(i) above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(e) 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission to have violated a federal
 or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Securities and Exchange Commission
 has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

(f) 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
 federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

(g) 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation;
 or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary
 or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease- and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

(h) 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
 the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over
 its members or persons associated with a member. 

21 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of the outstanding
Shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership concerning their Shares with the SEC and to furnish us with copies of all
Section 16(a) forms they file. We are required to disclose delinquent filings of reports by such persons. 

Based
solely on the copies of such reports and amendments thereto received by us, or written representations that no filings were required,
we believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our executive officers and directors and 10 stockholders were met
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a formal code of ethics within the meaning of Item 406 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act, that applies
to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar
functions that establishes, among other things, procedures for handling actual or apparent conflicts of interest. 

Committees
of Board of Directors 

Audit 

We
do not have an audit committee that provides independent review and oversight of a company s financial reporting processes, internal
controls, and independent auditors. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Governance 

We
do not have any defined policy or procedure requirements for our stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors.
We do not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to our board of directors and we do not have any
specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. Our board of directors assesses all candidates, whether submitted by management
or stockholders, and makes recommendations for election or appointment. 

Compensation 

Our
board of directors is responsible for determining compensation for the directors of our company to ensure it reflects the responsibilities
and risks of being a director of a public company. 

Other
Board Committees 

We
have no committees of our board of directors. 

A
stockholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request to the address appearing on
the first page of this annual report. 

22 

Corporate
Governance 

General 

Our
board of directors believes that good corporate governance improves corporate performance and benefits all stockholders. Canadian National
Policy 58-201 Corporate Governance Guidelines provides non-prescriptive guidelines on corporate governance practices for reporting
issuers such as the Company. In addition, Canadian National Instrument 58-101 Disclosure of Corporate Governance Practices prescribes
certain disclosure by our company of its corporate governance practices. This disclosure is presented below. 

Orientation
and Continuing Education 

We
have an informal process to orient and educate new recruits to the board regarding their role on the board, our committees and our directors,
as well as the nature and operations of our business. This process provides for an orientation with key members of the management staff,
and further provides access to materials necessary to inform them of the information required to carry out their responsibilities as
a board member. This information includes the most recent board approved budget, the most recent annual report, the audited financial
statements and copies of the interim quarterly financial statements. 

The
board does not provide continuing education for its directors. Each director is responsible to maintain the skills and knowledge necessary
to meet his obligations as director. 

Ethical
Business Conduct 

We
have adopted a formal code of ethics within the meaning of Item 406 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 ,
as amended, that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller,
or persons performing similar functions that establishes, among other things, procedures for handling actual or apparent conflicts of
interest. 

We
have found that the fiduciary duties placed on individual directors by our governing corporate legislation and the common law and the
restrictions placed by applicable corporate legislation on an individual director s participation in decisions of the board of
directors in which the director has an interest have been sufficient to ensure that the board of directors operates in the best interests
of our company. 

Nomination
of Directors 

As
of December 31, 2021, we had not affected any material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to
our board of directors. Our board of directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended
by our stockholders. Our board of directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s requirements
as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. If stockholders
wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our company at the address
on the cover of this annual report. 

Compensation 

Our
board of directors is responsible for determining compensation for the directors of our company to ensure it reflects the responsibilities
and risks of being a director of a public company. 

Other
Board Committees 

We
do not have an audit committee that provides independent review and oversight of a company s financial reporting processes, internal
controls, and independent auditors 

We
have no committees of our board of directors. We do not have any defined policy or procedure requirements for our stockholders to submit
recommendations or nominations for directors. We do not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees
to our board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. Our board of directors assesses
all candidates, whether submitted by management or stockholders, and makes recommendations for election or appointment. 

23 

A
stockholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request to the address appearing on
the first page of this annual report. 

Assessments 

The
board intends that individual director assessments be conducted by other directors, taking into account each director s contributions
at board meetings, service on committees, experience base, and their general ability to contribute to one or more of our company s
major needs. However, due to our stage of development and our need to deal with other urgent priorities, the board has not yet implemented
such a process of assessment. 

Director
Independence 

We
are not currently listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, which requires independent directors. In evaluating the independence of our members
and the composition of the committees of our board of directors, we utilize the definition of independence as that term
is defined by applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market and Securities and Exchange Commission rules, including the rules
relating to the independence standards of an audit committee and the non-employee director definition of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

According
to the Nasdaq definition, we believe Brian Lazarus is an independent director because he is not an officer of our company and not a beneficial
owner of a material amount of shares of our common stock and has not received compensation from us in excess of the relevant limits.
We believe Lynn Murphy is an independent director because he is not our officer and not a beneficial owner of a material amount of our
common stock shares, and we have not paid him compensation in excess of the relevant limits. We believe Britt Glassburn is an independent
director because he is not our officer and not a beneficial owner of a material amount of shares of our common stock, and we have not
paid him compensation in excess of the relevant limits. We have determined that Ken Tapp and Gregory Todd Markey are not independent
because they are our employees and they receive compensation directly or indirectly from us for consulting and employment services, respectively. 

Our
board of directors expects to continue to evaluate its independence standards and whether and to what extent the composition of our board
of directors and its committees meets those standards. We ultimately intend to appoint such persons to our board and committees of our
board as are expected to be required to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by a national securities exchange. Therefore,
we intend that a majority of our directors will be independent directors of which at least one director will qualify as an audit
committee financial expert, within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K, as promulgated under the Securities Act
of 1933 , as amended. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation 

The
particulars of compensation paid to the following persons: 

(a) 
 all
 individuals serving as our principal executive officer during the year ended December 31, 2021; 

(b) 
 each
 of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the year ended December
 31, 2021; and 

24 

who
we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers, for all services rendered in all capacities to our company for the years
ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 are set out in the following summary compensation table: 

Summary Compensation Table 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Ken Tapp 
 2022 
 0 

2021 
 0 

Todd Markey 
 2022 
 0 

2021 
 28,000 

28,000 
 
 Mark DeSiena 
 2021 
 24,000 

24,000 

Retirement
or Similar Benefit Plans 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide retirement or similar benefits for our directors or executive officers. 

Resignation,
Retirement, Other Termination, or Change in Control Arrangements 

We
have no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to our directors or board
advisors at, following, or in connection with the resignation, retirement or other termination of our directors or executive officers,
or a change in control of our company or a change in our directors or executive officers responsibilities following a change
in control. 

25 

Compensation
of Directors 

There were no compensation fees paid to our of our Directors or members
of our Board Advisors who were not our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

Golden
Parachute Compensation 

For
a description of the terms of any agreement or understanding, whether written or unwritten, between our company and any officer or director
concerning any type of compensation, whether present, deferred or contingent, that will be based on or otherwise will relate to an acquisition,
merger, consolidation, sale or other type of disposition of all or substantially all assets of our company, see above under the heading
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis . 

We
have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors. Our directors are entitled to reimbursement
for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our board of directors.
Our board of directors may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on their behalf other than services
ordinarily required of a director. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock
by each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities and by each of our current
directors, our named executive officers and by our current executive officers and directors as a group. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Title of Class 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percentage of Class (2) 

Ken Tapp 6400 S. Fiddlers Green Cir. Suite 1180 Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111 
 Common Stock 
 0 (3) 
 0.0 
 
 Media Star Promotions c/o Brian Lazarus 319 Clubhouse Lane Hunt Valley, MD 21031 
 Common Stock 
 5,000,000 (4) 
 0.07 
 
 Britt Glassburn 6400 S. Fiddlers Green Cir. Suite 1108 Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111 
 Common Stock 
 1,283,333 (6) 
 0.02 
 
 Gregory Todd Markey 6400 S. Fiddlers Green Cir. Suite 1180 Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111 
 Common Stock 
 1,000,000 (7) 
 0.01 
 
 Lynn Murphy 6400 S. Fiddlers Green Cir. Suite 1180 Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111 
 Common Stock 
 608,333 (8) 
 0.01 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (5 persons) 
 Common Stock 
 7,891,666 
 0.11 

(1) 
 Except
 as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed above, based on information furnished by
 such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community property laws where applicable.
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with
 respect to securities. Common stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days, are deemed
 outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such option or warrants but are not deemed outstanding
 for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(2) 
 Percentage
 of common stock is based on 7,394,792,892 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

(3) 
 Ken Tapp was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer, and Chairman since our inception. On April 8, 2021, in response
 to nearly 30 million warrants that management believes were illegally converted into shares on March 10, 2021 by Peak One and LGH
 Investments, the defendants in the foregoing legal complaints noted in ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS, our CEO, Ken Tapp, and on behalf
 of shareholders that suffered from the warrant conversion activity, processed a Stock Rescission of his own personal shares and he
 is personally paying for all legal fees noted in ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

(4) 
 Brian
 Lazarus has been a Director since January 21, 2020. 

(5) 
 Britt
 Glassburn has been a Director since January 21, 2020. 

(6) 
 Gregory
 Todd Markey has been a Director since January 21, 2020. 

(7) 
 Lynn
 Murphy has been a Director since January 21, 2020. 

Changes
in Control 

We
are unaware of any contract or other arrangement the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of our
company. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Other
than as disclosed below, there has been no transaction, since January 1, 2021, or currently proposed transaction, in which our company
was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 5,000 or one percent of our total assets at December 31, 2020, and in
which any of the following persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest: 

(a) 
 any
 director or executive officer of our company; 

(b) 
 any
 person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; 

(c) 
 any
 person that is part of a group, consisting of two or more persons that agreed to act together for the purpose of acquiring, holding,
 voting or disposing of our common stock, that acquired control of our company when it was a shell company; and 

(d) 
 any
 member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in- laws) of any of the foregoing persons. 

26 

We
have Technology Business Incubator (TBI) license agreements with MjLink.com Inc., LikeRE.com Inc., HuntPost.com Inc., NetQub, Inc., RacketStar.com
Inc., FutPost.com Inc., GolfLynk.com Inc., CycleFans.com Inc., WEnRV.com Inc., RaceScene.com Inc., and SpaceZE.com Inc., which agreements
provide that our TBI licensees pay the Company a license fee of 5 percentage of annual revenues generated, and 15 of their common stock,
issuable immediately prior to a liquidity event such as an IPO or sale of 51 or more, of a licensee s common stock. The 15 common
stock payment is non-dilutive prior to a liquidity event described above. The Company s Chief Executive Office, Ken Tapp, owns
less than 1 of our outstanding shares and is a board member of each of the Company s TBI licensees. Ken Tapp owns less than 9.99 
of the outstanding common stock in each of the Company s licensees. Pricing for the license agreements was established by the Company s
Board. This type of licensing agreement is standard for technology incubators and tech start-up accelerators. 

Our
related party licensing revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 944,413 and 292,139, respectively or
100.0 of its gross revenue. 

The Company paid 1 of its Advisors, Vincent (Tripp)
Keber, 30,000, for his consulting services during the first quarter of 2021. 

From January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021, Ken Tapp, from time-to-time, provided short-term interest free loans
totaling 213,450 for the Company s operations. From January 1 to December 31, 2022, the Company repaid Kenneth. Tapp 197,452 against
his outstanding loan balance. At December 31, 2022, the Company owed 129,673 to Ken Tapp. 

See
transactions with related parties in Notes 4 in the accompanying financial statements included in this document. 

Compensation
for Executive Officers and Directors 

For
information regarding compensation for our executive officers and directors, see Executive Compensation . 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

The
following table sets forth the fees billed to our company for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for professional services rendered
our independent registered public accounting firm BF Borgers CPA PC. 

Fees 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 65,100 
 27,000 
 
 Total Fees 
 65,100 
 27,000 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

Our
entire board of directors, which acts as our audit committee, pre-approves all services provided by our independent registered public
accounting firm. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by our board of directors before the respective services
were rendered. 

Our
board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by BF Borgers CPA PC and believe that the provision of services
for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining its respective independence. 

27 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

28 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DATE:
March 22, 2023 

DECENTRAL
 LIFE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ken Tapp 

Ken
 Tapp 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer Chief Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Ken Tapp 

Ken
 Tapp 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Chief
 Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

DATE:
March 22, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Britt Glassburn 

Britt
 Glassburn, Director 

DATE:
March 22, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Brian Lazarus 

Brian
 Lazarus, Director 

DATE:
March 22, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Todd Markey 

Gregory
 Todd Markey, Director 

DATE:
March 22, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Lynn Murphy 

Lynn
 Murphy, Director 

29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ken Tapp, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Decentral Life, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
 during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrants other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 22, 2023 
 /s/
 Ken Tapp 

Ken
 Tapp 

(Principal
 Executive Officer Chief Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER/CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ken Tapp, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Decentral Life, Inc.: 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
 during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrants other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 22, 2023 
 /s/
 Ken Tapp 

Ken
 Tapp 

Chief
 Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code),
the undersigned officer of Decentral Life, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge,
that: 

The
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form
10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the
periods presented in the Form 10-K 

Date:
March 22, 2023 
 /s/
 Ken Tapp 

Ken
 Tapp 

Principal
 Executive Officer/Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code),
the undersigned officer of Decentral Life, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge,
that: 

The
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form
10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the
periods presented in the Form 10-K. 

Date:
March 22, 2023 
 /s/
 Ken Tapp 

Ken
 Tapp, Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer/Chief Financial Officer/Principal Accounting Officer) 

The
foregoing certifications are being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly,
is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not
incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wdlf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wdlf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wdlf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wdlf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

