<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1175535_0001437749-23-005812.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15956368</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>358718</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2119737</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5490070</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3545237</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3959317</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-005812.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308171606
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-005812
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Whitestone REIT
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001175535
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				760594970
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34855
		FILM NUMBER:		23717063

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 SOUTH GESSNER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-827-9595

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 SOUTH GESSNER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77063

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HARTMAN COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES REIT
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020613

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-005812.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 wstr20211231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

wstr20211231_10k.htm 

Table on Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________ 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 ______________________________ 
 
 WHITESTONE REIT 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or (I.R.S. Employer 
 Organization) Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the corrections of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the common shares held by nonaffiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . 
 
 As of March 1, 2023, the registrant had common shares of beneficial interest, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: We incorporate by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K portions of our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which proxy statement will be filed no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

WHITESTONE REIT 
 FORM 10-K 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 6 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 20 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 26 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 26 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 27 

Item 6. 
 Reserved. 
 28 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 28 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 52 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 53 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 53 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 53 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 54 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections. 
 54 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 55 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 55 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 55 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 55 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 55 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 56 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 56 

Index to Exhibits 
 57 

SIGNATURES. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, we, us or our are to Whitestone REIT and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including discussion and analysis of our financial condition, anticipated capital expenditures required to complete projects, amounts of anticipated cash distributions to our shareholders in the future and other matters. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but reflect the intent, belief or current expectations of our management based on its knowledge and understanding of our business and industry. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as may, will, should, potential, predicts, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates or the negative of such terms and variations of these words and similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements that were true at the time made may ultimately prove to be incorrect or false. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect our management s view only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include: 

the imposition of federal income taxes if we fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT in any taxable year or forego an opportunity to ensure REIT status; 

uncertainties related to the national economy and the real estate industry, both in general and in our specific markets; 

legislative or regulatory changes, including changes to laws governing REITs; 

adverse economic or real estate developments or conditions in Texas or Arizona, Houston and Phoenix in particular, including the potential impact of a resurgence of COVID-19 or other public health emergencies on our tenants ability to pay their rent, which could result in bad debt allowances or straight-line rent reserve adjustments; 

our current geographic concentration in the Houston and Phoenix metropolitan area makes us susceptible to local economic downturns; 

natural disasters, such as floods and hurricanes, which may increase as a result of climate change may adversely affect our returns; 

increasing focus by stakeholders on environmental, social and governance matters; 

increases in interest rates, including as a result of inflation, operating costs or general and administrative expenses; 

availability and terms of capital and financing, both to fund our operations and to refinance our indebtedness as it matures; 

decreases in rental rates or increases in vacancy rates; 

harm to our reputation, ability to do business and results of operations as a result of improper conduct by our employees, agents or business partners; 

litigation risks; 

lease-up risks, including leasing risks arising from exclusivity and consent provisions in leases with significant tenants; 

our inability to renew tenant leases or obtain new tenant leases upon the expiration of existing leases; 

geopolitical conflicts, such as the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 

our inability to generate sufficient cash flows due to market conditions, competition, uninsured losses, changes in tax or other applicable laws; 

the need to fund tenant improvements or other capital expenditures out of operating cash flow; and 

the risk that we are unable to raise capital for working capital, acquisitions or other uses on attractive terms or at all. 

The forward-looking statements should be read in light of these factors and the factors identified in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 
 General 
 
 We are a Maryland REIT engaged in owning and operating commercial properties in culturally diverse markets in major metropolitan areas. We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 
 We are internally managed and, as of December 31, 2022, we wholly-owned a real estate portfolio of 57 properties that meet our Community Centered Property strategy containing approximately 5.1 million square feet of gross leasable area GLA ), located in Texas, Arizona and Illinois. Our consolidated property portfolio has a gross book value of approximately 1.2 billion and book equity, including noncontrolling interests, of approximately 424 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Further, as of December 31, 2022, we, through our equity-method investment in Pillarstone Capital REIT Operating Partnership LP Pillarstone or Pillarstone OP ), owned a majority interest in eight properties that do not meet our Community Centered Property strategy containing approximately 0.9 million square feet of GLA (the Pillarstone Properties ). We own 81.4 of the total outstanding units of Pillarstone OP, which we account for using the equity method. We also managed the day-to-day operations of Pillarstone OP pursuant to a management agreement, which was terminated on August 18, 2022. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise indicated, we do not include the Pillarstone Properties when we refer to our properties. 
 
 Our common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share, are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the ticker symbol WSR. Our offices are located at 2600 South Gessner Road, Suite 500, Houston, Texas 77063. Our telephone number is (713) 827-9595 and we maintain a website at www.whitestonereit.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated into this filing. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 In October 2006, we adopted a strategic plan to acquire, redevelop, own and operate Community Centered Properties . We define Community Centered Properties as visibly located properties in established or developing culturally diverse neighborhoods in our target markets. We market, lease and manage our centers to match tenants with the shared needs of the surrounding neighborhood. Those needs may include specialty retail, grocery, restaurants, medical, educational, financial services, entertainment and experiences. Our goal is for each property to become a Whitestone-branded retail community that serves a neighboring five-mile radius around our property. We employ and develop a diverse group of associates who understand the needs of our multicultural communities and tenants. 
 
 Our primary business objective is to increase shareholder value by acquiring, owning and operating Community Centered Properties . The key elements of our strategy include: 

Strategically Acquiring Properties. 

Seeking High Growth Markets. We seek to strategically acquire commercial properties in high-growth markets. Our acquisition targets are located in densely populated, culturally diverse neighborhoods, primarily in and around Austin, Chicago, Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, Phoenix and San Antonio. 

Diversifying Geographically. Our current portfolio is concentrated in Houston and Phoenix. As of December 31, 2022, we wholly-owned 14 properties in Houston, nine properties in Dallas-Fort Worth, three properties in San Antonio, five properties in Austin, 25 properties in the Scottsdale and Phoenix, Arizona metropolitan areas, and one property in Buffalo Grove, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago. 

We believe that continued geographic diversification in markets where we have substantial knowledge and experience will help offset the economic risk from a single market concentration. We intend to continue to focus our expansion efforts on the Austin, Chicago, Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, Phoenix and San Antonio markets. We believe our management infrastructure and capacity can accommodate substantial growth in those markets. We may also pursue opportunities in other regions that are consistent with our Community Centered Property strategy. Markets in which we have developed some knowledge and contacts include Orlando, Florida and Denver, Colorado, both of which have economic, demographic and cultural profiles similar to our Arizona and Texas markets. 

1

Table of Contents 

Capitalizing on Availability of Reasonably Priced Acquisition Opportunities . We believe that currently and during the next several years there will continue to be excellent opportunities in our target markets to acquire quality properties at historically attractive prices. We intend to acquire assets in off-market transactions negotiated directly with owners or financial institutions holding foreclosed real estate and debt instruments that are either in default or on bank watch lists. Many of these assets may benefit from our Community Centered Property strategy and our management team s experience in turning around distressed properties, portfolios and companies. We have extensive relationships with community banks, attorneys, title companies and others in the real estate industry with whom we regularly work to identify properties for potential acquisition. 

Redeveloping and Re-tenanting Existing Properties. We have substantial experience in repositioning underperforming properties and seek to add value through renovating and re-tenanting our properties to create Whitestone-branded Community Centered Properties . We seek to accomplish this by (1) stabilizing occupancy, with per property occupancy goals of 90 or higher; (2) adding leasable square footage to existing structures; (3) developing and building new leasable square footage on excess land; (4) upgrading and renovating existing structures; and (5) investing significant effort in recruiting tenants whose goods and services meet the needs of the surrounding neighborhood. 

Recycling Capital for Greater Returns. We seek to continually upgrade our portfolio by opportunistically selling properties that do not have the potential to meet our Community Centered Property strategy and redeploying the sale proceeds into properties that better fit our strategy. Some of our properties that we own (the non-core properties may not fit our Community Centered Property strategy, and we may look for opportunities to dispose of these properties as we continue to execute our strategy. 

Prudent Management of Capital Structure. Of our 57 properties, we currently have 50 properties that are unencumbered. We may seek to add mortgage indebtedness to existing and newly acquired unencumbered properties to provide additional capital for acquisitions. As a general policy, we intend to maintain a ratio of debt, net of cash, to undepreciated book value of real estate assets, including our proportional share of real estate from our unconsolidated real estate partnership, that is at or less than 60 . As of December 31, 2022, our ratio of debt, net of cash, to undepreciated book value of real estate assets was 50 . 

Investing in People. We believe that our people are the heart of our culture, philosophy and strategy. We continually focus on developing associates who are self-disciplined and motivated and display, at all times, a high degree of character and competence. We provide them with equity incentives to align their interests with those of our shareholders. 

Our Structure 
 
 Substantially all of our business is conducted through Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership organized in 1998 (the Operating Partnership ). We are the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2022, we owned a 98.6 interest in the Operating Partnership. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we wholly-owned a real estate portfolio consisting of 57 properties located in three states. The aggregate occupancy rate of our portfolio was 94 based on GLA as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We are hands-on owners who directly manage the operations and leasing of our properties. Substantially all of our revenues consist of base rents received under varying term leases. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our total revenues were approximately 139.4 million. 
 
 Additionally, we, through our equity-method investment in Pillarstone, owned a majority interest in eight properties located in Dallas and Houston, Texas. The aggregate occupancy rate of the Pillarstone properties was approximately 56 based on GLA as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our largest property, BLVD Place BLVD ), a retail community purchased on May 26, 2017 and located in Houston, Texas, accounted for 11.0 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. BLVD also accounted for 16.0 of our consolidated real estate assets, net of accumulated depreciation, as of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

2

Table of Contents 

Competition 
 
 All of our properties are located in areas that include competing properties. The amount of competition in a particular area could impact our ability to acquire additional real estate, sell current real estate, lease space and the amount of rent we are able to charge. We may be competing with owners, developers and operators, including, but not limited to, real estate investors, other REITs, insurance companies and pension funds. 
 
 Should we decide to dispose of a property, we may compete with third-party sellers of similar types of commercial properties for suitable purchasers, which may result in our receiving lower net proceeds from a sale or in our not being able to dispose of such property at a time of our choosing due to the lack of an acceptable return. In operating and managing our properties, we compete for tenants based upon a number of factors including, but not limited to, location, rental rates, security, flexibility, expertise to design space to meet prospective tenants needs and the manner in which the property is operated, maintained and marketed. We may be required to provide rent concessions, incur charges for tenant improvements and other inducements, or we may not be able to timely lease vacant space, all of which could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Many of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than us and also may have more operating experience. Generally, there are other neighborhood and community retail centers within relatively close proximity to each of our properties. There is, however, no dominant competitor in the Austin, Chicago, Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, Phoenix and San Antonio metropolitan areas. Our retail tenants also face increasing competition from outlet malls, internet retailers, catalog companies, direct mail and telemarketing. 
 
 Compliance with Governmental Regulations 
 
 Under various federal and state environmental laws and regulations, as an owner or operator of real estate, we may be required to investigate and clean up certain hazardous or toxic substances, asbestos-containing materials, or petroleum product releases at our properties. We may also be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage and for investigation and cleanup costs incurred by those parties in connection with any such contamination. In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on a contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs the government incurs in connection with contamination on the site. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at any of our properties may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the properties or to borrow using the properties as collateral. We could also be liable under common law to third parties for damages and injuries resulting from environmental contamination coming from our properties. 
 
 We will not purchase any property unless we are generally satisfied with the environmental status of the property. We typically obtain a Phase I environmental site assessment for each new acquisition, which includes a visual survey of the building and the property in an attempt to identify areas of potential environmental concerns, visually observing neighboring properties to assess surface conditions or activities that may have an adverse environmental impact on the property, and contacting local governmental agency personnel and performing a regulatory agency file search in an attempt to determine any known environmental concerns in the immediate vicinity of the property. A Phase I environmental site assessment does not include any sampling or testing of soil, groundwater or building materials from the property. 
 
 We believe that our properties are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding the handling, discharge and emission of hazardous or toxic substances. Because release of chlorinated solvents can occur as a result of dry cleaning operations, we participate in the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality Dry Cleaner Remediation Program DCRP with respect to four of our properties that currently or previously had a dry cleaning facility as a tenant. The DCRP administers the Dry Cleaning Remediation fund to assist with remediation of contamination caused by dry cleaning solvents. 
 
 We have not been notified by any governmental authority, and are not otherwise aware of any material noncompliance, liability or claim relating to hazardous or toxic substances in connection with any of our present or former properties. Nevertheless, it is possible that the environmental assessments conducted thus far and currently available to us do not reveal all potential environmental liabilities. It is also possible that subsequent investigations will identify material contamination or other adverse conditions, that adverse environmental conditions have arisen subsequent to the performance of the environmental assessments, or that there are material environmental liabilities of which management is unaware. 

3

Table of Contents 

Under the Americans with Disabilities Act ADA ), all places of public accommodation are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Our properties must comply with the ADA to the extent that they are considered public accommodations as defined by the ADA. The ADA may require removal of structural barriers to access by persons with disabilities in public areas of our properties where such removal is readily achievable. We believe that our properties are in substantial compliance with the ADA and that we will not be required to make substantial capital expenditures to address the requirements of the ADA. In addition, we will continue to assess our compliance with the ADA and to make alterations to our properties as required. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 We believe that our people are the heart of our culture, philosophy and strategy. Our employees are in direct contact with our tenants and the communities we serve. We continually focus on developing associates who are self-disciplined and motivated and display at all times a high degree of character and competence. Employee engagement is critical to our long term success, so employees performance are reviewed annually. Key employees are provided with equity incentives to align their interests with those of our shareholders. Every Whitestone associate is encouraged to be an owner. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 75 full-time employees. 
 
 Diversity: We strive to create a culture of inclusivity and think of our shareholders, our tenants, and our communities as one. Every year, we hold diversity and sensitivity training for management and associates to reiterate the importance within our organization and to ensure that all associates practice this approach both internally and externally. We do not tolerate disrespectful or inappropriate behavior, unfair treatment, retaliation or harassment of any kind. In addition, pursuant to our bylaws, we seek to nominate trustees to the Board that represent a diversity of experience, gender, race, ethnicity and age. Though we have no formal policy addressing diversity, any individual who does not satisfy the qualifications above is not eligible for nomination or election as a trustee. This commitment to diversity applies across our Company. 
 
 Employee Retention and Training: We conduct individual annual employee reviews that focus on goal setting as well as informal sessions with associates and executive team members. We created the Real Estate Executive Development program for associates that wish to continue their career and expand their knowledge of Whitestone REIT and real estate. Selected associates are chosen on an annual basis to participate in the program. In addition, for associates that wish to continue their education, whether it be receiving a Bachelors, MBA, or specialized certification, we will help to reimburse a portion of the fees for the program in accordance with Company policy. We also conduct a variety of trainings on an annual basis from OSHA and Safety Regulations to Anti-Harassment Training to ensure we are up-to-date on the most recent standards and regulations. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits: We are committed to rewarding, supporting, and developing the associates who make it possible to deliver on our strategy. Our compensation package includes market-competitive pay, broad-based stock grants and bonuses, healthcare benefits, pension and retirement savings plans, among others. We also offer our team a variety of options for College Savings and 401(k) programs, including an employer 401(k) match up to 3.5 . There is a financial planner on site on a quarterly basis to help assist associates choose the best savings options. 
 
 Health and Safety: The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. We created an internal program that encourages associates to make healthy choices and lead a healthy lifestyle, including a gym reimbursement program. 
 
 Materials Available on Our Website 
 
 Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, proxy statements with respect to meetings of our shareholders, as well as Reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 regarding our officers, trustees or 10 beneficial owners, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are available free of charge through our website (www.whitestonereit.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We have also made available on our website copies of our Environmental, Social, and Governance ("ESG") Report, Audit Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, Nominating and Governance Committee Charter, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Insider Trading Compliance Policy, and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy. In the event of any changes to these documents, revised copies will also be made available on our website. We also use our website as a means of disclosing additional information, including for complying with our disclosure obligations under the SEC's Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure). The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC as we do. The website address is http://www.sec.gov. Materials on our website are not part of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. 

4

Table of Contents 

Financial Information 
 
 Additional financial information related to the Company is included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

5

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or the trading price of our common shares could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. Please note that additional risks not presently known to us or which we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business and operations. 
 
 Risks Associated with Real Estate 
 
 Real estate property investments are illiquid due to a variety of factors and therefore we may not be able to dispose of properties when appropriate or on favorable terms. 
 
 Our strategy includes opportunistically selling properties that do not have the potential to meet our Community Centered Property strategy. However, real estate property investments generally cannot be disposed of quickly. In addition, the Code imposes certain restrictions on the ability of a REIT to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. Therefore, we may not be able to vary our portfolio in response to economic or other conditions promptly or on favorable terms, which could cause us to incur extended losses, reduce our cash flows and adversely affect distributions to shareholders. 
 
 We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any property for the price or on the terms set by us or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us, nor can we predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a property. To the extent we are unable to sell any properties for our book value, we may be required to take a non-cash impairment charge or loss on the sale, either of which would reduce our net income. 
 
 We may be required to expend resources to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We cannot assure that we will have funds available to correct those defects or to make those improvements, which may impede our ability to sell a property. Further, we may agree to transfer restrictions that materially restrict us from selling a property for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that property. These transfer restrictions could impede our ability to sell a property even if we deem it necessary or appropriate. These facts and any others that would further contribute to the illiquid character of real estate properties and impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders and the trading price of our common shares. 
 
 Our business is dependent upon our tenants successfully operating their businesses, and their failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our ability to successfully and profitably operate our business. 
 
 We depend on our tenants to operate their businesses in a manner that generates revenues sufficient to allow them to meet their obligations to us, including their obligations to pay rent, maintain certain insurance coverage, pay real estate taxes and maintain the properties in a manner so as not to jeopardize their operating licenses or regulatory status. The ability of our tenants to fulfill their obligations under our leases may depend, in part, upon the overall profitability of their operations. A number of our tenants operate service and retail businesses that require in-person interactions with their customers to generate revenues, and the COVID-19 pandemic affected customers willingness to frequent some of our tenants businesses, which has impacted and may continue to impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us in the event of a resurgence of COVID-19 or the rise of a variant of the virus. Although the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic appears to be much improved, with most tenant businesses operating at pre-pandemic levels, for certain categories of our tenants, such as dry cleaners and fitness tenants, the negative impact of COVID-19 was more severe and the recovery is still in progress. Cash flow generated by the businesses of certain tenants may not be sufficient for such tenants to meet their obligations to us and in some cases we may need to secure replacement tenants. Our financial position could be weakened and our ability to fulfill our obligations under our indebtedness and make distributions to our shareholders could be limited if a number of our tenants were unable to meet their obligations to us or failed to renew or extend their relationships with us as their lease terms expire, or if we were unable to lease or re-lease our properties on economically favorable terms. 
 
 Inflation may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Inflation has become a growing concern. Inflationary price increases could have an adverse effect on consumer spending, which could impact our tenants sales and, in turn, our tenants business operations. This could affect the amount of rent these tenants pay, including if their leases provide for percentage rent or percentage of sales rent, and their ability to pay rent. Also, inflation could cause increases in operating expenses, which could increase occupancy costs for tenants and, to the extent that we are unable to recover operating expenses from tenants, could increase operating expenses for us. In addition, if the rate of inflation exceeds the scheduled rent increases included in our leases, then our net operating income and our profitability would decrease. Continued inflation could also result in further increases in market interest rates, which could not only negatively impact consumer spending and tenant investment decisions but would also increase the borrowing costs associated with our existing or any future variable rate debt, to the extent such rates are not effectively hedged or fixed, or any future debt that we incur. 
 
 Disruption in capital markets could adversely impact acquisition activities and pricing of real estate assets. 
 
 Volatility or other disruption in capital markets could adversely affect our access to or the cost of debt and equity capital, which could adversely affect our acquisition and other investment activities. Disruptions could include price volatility or decreased demand in equity markets, further increasing interest rates, tightening of underwriting standards by lenders and credit rating agencies and the significant inventory of unsold collateralized mortgage backed securities in the market. As a result, we may not be able to obtain favorable equity and debt financing in the future or at all. This may impair our ability to acquire properties at favorable returns or adversely affect our returns on investments in development and re-development projects, which may adversely affect our results of operations and distributions to shareholders. Turmoil in the capital markets could adversely impact the overall amount of capital available to invest in real estate, which may result in price or value decreases of real estate assets. 

6

Table of Contents 

All of our properties are subject to property taxes that may increase in the future, which could adversely affect our cash flow. 
 
 Our properties are subject to property taxes that may increase as property tax rates change and as the properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. As the owner of the properties, we are ultimately responsible for payment of the taxes to the government. If property taxes increase, our tenants may be unable to make the required tax payments, ultimately requiring us to pay the taxes. In addition, we will generally be responsible for property taxes related to any vacant space. 
 
 Our assets may be subject to impairment charges. 
 
 We periodically evaluate our real estate investments and other assets for impairment indicators. The judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based on factors such as market conditions, tenant performance and legal structure. If we determine that a significant impairment has occurred, we would be required to make an adjustment to the net carrying value of the asset, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and funds from operations in the period in which the write-off occurs. 
 
 Compliance or failure to comply with laws requiring access to our properties by disabled persons could result in substantial cost. 
 
 The ADA and other federal, state and local laws generally require public accommodations be made accessible to disabled persons. Noncompliance with these laws could result in the imposition of fines by the government or the award of damages to private litigants. These laws may require us to modify our existing properties, which could require a significant investment of our cash resources that could otherwise be invested in more productive assets. These laws may also restrict renovations by requiring improved access to such buildings by disabled persons or may require us to add other structural features which increase our construction costs. Legislation or regulations adopted in the future may impose further obligations, restrictions or increased compliance costs on us with respect to improved access by disabled persons. We may incur unanticipated expenses that may be material to our financial condition or results of operations to comply with ADA and other federal, state and local laws, or in connection with lawsuits brought by private litigants. 
 
 We face intense competition, which may decrease, or prevent increases of, the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 
 
 We compete with a number of developers, owners and operators of commercial real estate, many of whom own properties similar to ours in the same markets in which our properties are located. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, we may lose existing or potential tenants and may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge or to offer more substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options in order to retain tenants when their leases expire. This competitive environment could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease our properties or any newly developed or acquired property, as well as on the rents charged. 
 
 Our acquisition strategy includes acquiring distressed commercial real estate, and we could face significant competition from other investors, REITs, hedge funds, private equity funds and other private real estate investors with greater financial resources and access to capital. Therefore, we may not be able to compete successfully for investments. In addition, the number of entities and the amount of purchasers competing for suitable investments may increase, all of which could result in competition for accretive acquisition opportunities and adversely affect our business plan and our ability to maintain our current dividend rate. 
 
 Risks Associated with Our Operations 
 
 Because a majority of our GLA is in the Houston and Phoenix metropolitan areas, an economic downturn in either area could adversely impact our operations and ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 The majority of our assets and revenues are currently derived from properties located in the Houston and Phoenix metropolitan areas. As of December 31, 2022, 24 and 45 of our GLA was located in Houston and Phoenix, respectively. Our results of operations are directly affected by our ability to attract financially sound commercial tenants. A significant economic downturn in the Houston or Phoenix metropolitan area may adversely impact our ability to locate and retain financially sound tenants, could have an adverse impact on our existing tenants revenues, costs and results of operations and may adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us. Likewise, we may be required to lower our rental rates to attract desirable tenants in such an environment. Consequently, because of the geographic concentration among our current assets, if either the Houston or Phoenix metropolitan area were to experience an economic downturn, our operations and ability to make distributions to our shareholders could be adversely impacted. 

7

Table of Contents 

The COVID-19 pandemic has in the past and may continue to materially and adversely impact and disrupt our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any future outbreak of any COVID-19 variants or any other highly infectious or contagious disease could have a similar impact. 
 
 The continued impact of COVID-19, including any resurgences or the rise of any variants of the virus, future pandemics or other health crises may heighten other risks discussed herein, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and market value. A worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic or outbreaks of other highly infectious diseases could materially and adversely affect us, particularly if business conditions, the regulatory environment or the public health situation returns to that experienced during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. These types of health crises may impact our business in the following ways: 

closures of, or other operational issues at, our properties resulting from government or tenant action; 

changes in consumer behavior in favor of e-commerce, which could result in reduced economic brick-and-mortar retail activity impacting our tenants' ability to meet their rental and other obligations to us in full or at all; 

the ability of our tenants who have been granted rent deferrals to timely pay deferred rent; 

any inability to renew leases or lease vacant space on favorable terms, or at all; 

tenant bankruptcies; 

liquidity issues resulting from reduced cash flows from operations; 

negative impacts to the credit and/or capital markets making it difficult to access capital on favorable terms or at all; 

impairment in value of our tangible or intangible assets; 

a general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions adversely affecting our ability to grow our portfolio of properties, dispose of non-core properties and service our indebtedness; 

supply chain disruptions adversely affecting our tenants' operations, as well as general labor shortages; and 

impacts on the health of our personnel and a disruption in the continuity of our business. 

Because substantially all of our income is derived from rentals of commercial real property, our business, income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects and ability to service our debt obligations and our ability to pay dividends and other distributions to our shareholders would be adversely affected if a significant number of tenants are unable to meet their obligations or their revenues decline. The extent to which a resurgence of COVID-19 pandemic, or a future pandemic, impacts our operations and those of our tenants will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. 
 
 We lease our properties to approximately 1,500 tenants and leases for approximately 10 to 20 of our GLA expire annually. Each year we face the risk of non-renewal of a significant percentage of our leases and the cost of re-leasing a significant amount of our available space, and our failure to meet leasing targets and control the cost of re-leasing our properties could adversely affect our rental revenue, operating expenses and results of operations. 
 
 Our Community Centered Property business model produces shorter term leases to smaller, non-national tenants, and substantially all of our revenues consist of base rents received under these leases. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 30 of the aggregate GLA of our properties is subject to leases that expire prior to December 31, 2024. We are subject to the risk that: 

tenants may choose not to, or may not have the financial resources to, renew these leases; 

we may experience significant costs associated with re-leasing a significant amount of our available space; 

we may experience difficulties and significant time lags re-leasing vacated space, which may cause us to fail to meet our occupancy and average base rent targets and experience increased costs of re-leasing; and 

the terms of any renewal or re-lease may be less favorable than the terms of the current leases. 

We routinely seek to renew leases with our existing tenants prior to their expiration and typically begin discussions with tenants as early as 18 months prior to the expiration date of the existing lease. While our early renewal program and other leasing and marketing efforts provide early focus on expiring leases, and have generally been effective in producing lease renewals prior to expiration of the leases at rates comparable to or slightly in excess of the current rates, market conditions, including new supply of properties, and macroeconomic conditions in our markets and nationally, including rising interest rates, could adversely impact our renewal rate and/or the rental rates we are able to negotiate. If any of these risks materialize, our rental revenue, operating expenses and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

8

Table of Contents 

Many of our tenants are small businesses, which may have a higher risk of bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 
 Many of our tenants are small businesses that depend primarily on cash flows from their operations to pay their rent and without other resources could be at a higher risk of bankruptcy or insolvency than larger, national tenants. If tenants are unable to comply with the terms of our leases, we may be forced to modify the leases in ways that are unfavorable to us. Alternatively, the failure of a tenant to perform under a lease could require us to declare a default, repossess the space and find a suitable replacement tenant. There is no assurance that we would be able to lease the space on substantially equivalent or better terms than the prior lease, or at all, or successfully reposition the space for other uses. If one or more of our tenants files for bankruptcy relief, the Bankruptcy Code provides that a debtor has the option to assume or reject the unexpired lease within a certain period of time. 
 
 Any bankruptcy filing by or relating to one or more of our tenants could bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from that tenant or seize its property. A tenant bankruptcy could also delay our efforts to collect past due balances under the lease and could ultimately preclude collection of all or a portion of these sums. It is possible that we may recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold, if any. Furthermore, dealing with a tenant s bankruptcy or other default may divert management s attention and cause us to incur substantial legal and other costs. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a number of smaller tenants may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders and the trading price of our common shares. 
 
 Uninsured losses relating to real property or excessively expensive premiums for insurance coverage may adversely affect our returns. 
 
 We attempt to adequately insure all of our properties to cover casualty losses. However, there are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters, including as a result of climate change, which are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. Our current geographic concentration in the Houston metropolitan area potentially increases the risk of damage to our portfolio due to hurricanes. Insurance risks associated with potential terrorism acts could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. In some instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. We cannot assure you that we will have adequate coverage for these losses. Also, to the extent we must pay unexpectedly large insurance premiums, we could suffer reduced earnings that would result in less cash to be distributed to shareholders. 
 
 Discovery of previously undetected environmentally hazardous conditions may adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in its property. The costs of removal or remediation could be substantial. These laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of any hazardous or toxic substances. Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which a property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures. Environmental laws provide for sanctions in the event of noncompliance and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Certain environmental laws and common law principles could be used to impose liability for release of and exposure to hazardous substances, including asbestos containing materials into the air. In addition, third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to released hazardous substances. The cost of defending against claims of liability, of compliance with environmental regulatory requirements, of remediating any contaminated property, or of paying personal injury claims could materially adversely affect our business, assets or results of operations and, consequently, amounts available for distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Certain of our properties currently include or have in the past included a dry cleaning facility as a tenant. See Business - Compliance with Governmental Regulations. 

9

Table of Contents 

Our success depends in part on our ability to execute our Community Centered Property strategy. 
 
 Our Community Centered Property strategy requires intensive management of a large number of small spaces and small tenant relationships. Our success depends in part upon our management s ability to identify potential Community Centered Properties and find and maintain the appropriate tenants to create such a property. Lack of market acceptance of our Community Centered Property strategy or our inability to successfully attract and manage a large number of tenant relationships could adversely affect our occupancy rates, operating results and dividend rate. 
 
 Our business is significantly influenced by demand for retail space generally, and a decrease in such demand may have a greater adverse effect on our business than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. 
 
 Because our portfolio of properties consists primarily of community and neighborhood shopping centers, a decrease in the demand for retail space, due to the economic factors discussed above or otherwise, may have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio. The market for retail space has been, and could continue to be, adversely affected by weakness in the national, regional and local economies, the adverse financial conditions of some retailing companies, the ongoing consolidation in the retail sector, the excess amount of retail space in a number of markets, health and safety concerns and increasing online consumer purchases. 
 
 We face risks relating to cybersecurity attacks, loss of confidential information and other business disruptions. 
 
 Our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data and other electronic security breaches. Such cyber-attacks can range from individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems to more sophisticated security threats. We have experienced cyber-attacks, and while to date none of these incidents have been material to our operations, we expect to continue to face such threats in the future. We employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, but especially in light of increasingly sophisticated techniques used in cybersecurity attacks, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing future cyber-attacks where we cannot fully anticipate, detect, repel, or implement fully effective preventative measures. In addition, cybersecurity incidents could compromise the confidential information of our tenants, employees and third party vendors that we collect in the ordinary course of our business. Laws and expectations relating to data protection and privacy vary by jurisdiction and continue to evolve, and we believe increased regulation in additional jurisdictions is likely to develop in the future. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) that went into effect on January 1, 2020, as amended to include additional privacy protection for consumers by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) that went into effect on January 1, 2023, requires covered companies to, among other things, provide new disclosures to California consumers, and afford such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. A cyber-attack or our ability or perceived inability to comply with regulations related to cybersecurity and/or data protection and privacy could materially and adversely affect the efficiency of our business operations, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to corporate social and environmental responsibility and reputation. 
 
 A number of factors influence our reputation and brand value, including how we are perceived by our tenants, business partners, investors, associates, other stakeholders and the communities in which we do business. We face increasing scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities and disclosures and risk damage to our reputation if we fail to act appropriately and responsibly in ESG matters, including, among others, environmental stewardship, supply chain management, climate change, human rights, diversity and inclusion, workplace ethics and conduct, philanthropic activity and support for the communities we serve and in which we operate. Any damage to our reputation could impact the willingness of our business partners and customers to do business with us, or could negatively impact our associate hiring, engagement and retention, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Loss of our key management could adversely affect performance and the value of our common shares. 
 
 We are dependent on the efforts of our key management. Although we believe qualified replacement could be found for any departures of key executives, the loss of their services could adversely affect our performance and the value of our common shares. 

10

Table of Contents 

The Pillarstone REIT shareholder rights plan could adversely impact the value of our investment in Pillarstone OP. 
 
 On December 26, 2021, the Board of Trustees of Pillarstone REIT adopted a new rights agreement (the Pillarstone Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which each holder of Pillarstone REIT common stock received one preferred share purchase right (a Right per common share held as of the applicable record date. Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from Pillarstone REIT one one-thousandth (a Unit of a series D preferred share of Pillarstone at a purchase price Purchase Price of 7.00 per Unit, subject to adjustment. The Rights are exercisable upon the occurrence of certain events as described in the Pillarstone Rights Agreement, including the acquisition by certain holders of 5 or more of the common shares of Pillarstone REIT (an Acquiring Person ). Upon the acquisition of Pillarstone REIT common shares by an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right (other than an Acquiring Person), will have the right to receive upon exercise a number of Pillarstone REIT common shares having a market value of two times the Purchase Price. 
 
 As set forth in the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Pillarstone OP, dated as of December 8, 2016 (the Pillarstone Partnership Agreement ), we have the contractual right to have our limited partnership interests in Pillarstone redeemed at our discretion. However, upon receipt of a redemption notice, Pillarstone OP has the option to pay the applicable redemption price in cash, based on the market value of Pillarstone REIT common shares, or in Pillarstone REIT common shares. 
 
 To the extent we seek to have our partnership units in Pillarstone OP redeemed and Pillarstone OP elects to pay the applicable redemption price in Pillarstone REIT common shares (and such shares represent 5 or more of the outstanding common shares of Pillarstone REIT), the Rights could become exercisable. To the extent the Rights are exercised as a result of our Pillarstone OP units being redeemed for Pillarstone REIT common shares, our ownership interest in Pillarstone REIT would be significantly diluted, which could adversely impact the value of our investment in Pillarstone OP. Because Pillarstone REIT seeks to use the Pillarstone Rights Agreement to prevent Whitestone OP from exercising its contractual Redemption Right, on July 12, 2022, Whitestone OP filed suit against Pillarstone REIT in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware challenging the Pillarstone Rights Agreement due to Pillarstone REIT s alleged (i) breach of the Pillarstone Partnership Agreement, (ii) breach of its fiduciary duty as general partner of Pillarstone OP to Whitestone OP, and (iii) breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing under the Pillarstone Partnership Agreement. The lawsuit seeks rescission and voiding of the Pillarstone Rights Agreement; a declaration that the Pillarstone Rights Agreement is unenforceable, invalid, and of no force and effect; an order permanently enjoining enforcement of the Pillarstone Rights Agreement; an award of monetary damages; and broad restrictions on Pillarstone REIT s ability to conduct its business, including buying properties, enforcing the Rights Agreement, incurring expenses, or engaging in transactions. 
 
 On September 8, 2022, the Company s Motion to Preserve the Status Quo was granted by the Court, limiting Pillarstone from engaging in any acts outside the ordinary course of business and otherwise imposing restrictions on Pillarstone to ensure that Whitestone s right of redemption is not impaired while the underlying dispute is being considered by the Court. While we do not believe the overall impact of the Pillarstone Rights Agreement on the carrying value of our investment in Pillarstone OP is material, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of possible loss at this time. 
 
 Risk associated with the Kroger acquisition of Albertsons. 
 
 On October 14, 2022, Kroger Co. ("Kroger") announced its intention to acquire Albertsons Companies, Inc. ("Albertsons"). In connection with obtaining the regulatory clearance necessary to close the transaction, Albertsons company is prepared to establish a subsidiary to be spun off to Albertsons' shareholders. The subsidiary is anticipated by Kroger to comprise 100 to 375 stores. As of December 31, 2022, Whitestone REIT had 5 grocers owned by Albertsons. Whitestone REIT has no knowledge as to whether any of the Albertsons' stores currently leasing from Whitestone REIT will be part of Albertsons' subsidiary or if spinoff and the merger will clear the necessary regulatory hurdles in order to close. 
 
 Risks Associated with Our Indebtedness and Financing 
 
 Current market conditions could adversely affect our ability to refinance existing indebtedness or obtain additional financing for growth on acceptable terms or at all, which could adversely affect our ability to grow, our interest cost and our results of operations. 
 
 Turbulence in the United States credit markets have in the past, and may in the future impact liquidity in the debt markets, making financing terms for borrowers less attractive, and may result in the unavailability of various types of debt financing. Reductions in our available borrowing capacity, or inability to refinance our revolving credit facility when required or when business conditions warrant, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we mortgage many of our properties to secure payment of indebtedness. If we are not successful in refinancing our mortgage debt upon maturity, then the property could be foreclosed upon or transferred to the mortgagee, or we might be forced to dispose of some of our properties upon disadvantageous terms, with a consequent loss of income and asset value. A foreclosure or disadvantageous disposal on one or more of our properties could adversely affect our ability to grow, financial condition, interest cost, results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Furthermore, if prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, then the interest expense relating to that refinanced indebtedness would increase. Higher interest rates on newly incurred debt may negatively impact us as well. If interest rates continue to increase, our interest costs and overall costs of capital will increase, which could adversely affect our transaction and development activity, financial condition, results of operation, cash flow, our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Our failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect results of operations. 
 
 We currently have mortgages that bear interest at variable rates, and we may incur additional variable rate debt in the future. Accordingly, further increases in interest rates on variable rate debt will continue to increase our interest expense, which could reduce net earnings and cash available for payment of our debt obligations and distributions to our shareholders. 

11

Table of Contents 

We may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements, such as interest cap agreements and interest rate swap agreements. These agreements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes and that a court could rule that such an agreement is not legally enforceable. In the past, we have used derivative financial instruments to hedge interest rate risks related to our variable rate borrowings. We will not use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes and intend only to enter into contracts with major financial institutions based on their credit rating and other factors, but we may choose to change this practice in the future. As of December 31, 2022, we had fixed rate hedges on 265 million of our variable rate unsecured credit facility. We may enter into additional interest rate swap agreements for our variable rate debt not currently subject to hedges, which totaled 103.5 million as of December 31, 2022. Hedging may reduce the overall returns on our investments. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We currently have and may incur additional mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, which may increase our business risks and may adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 If we determine it to be in our best interests, we may, in some instances, acquire real properties by using either existing financing or borrowing new funds. In addition, we may incur or increase our current mortgage debt to obtain funds to acquire additional properties. We may also borrow funds if necessary to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement described above, or otherwise as may be necessary or advisable to ensure that we maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding indebtedness, net of cash, of 619.8 million, including, through our Operating Partnership, 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes (as defined below) and 368.5 million drawn on the 2022 Facility (as defined below). As of December 31, 2022, our unused borrowing capacity under our 2022 Facility was 146.4 million. Obligations under the Notes and the 2022 Facility are guaranteed by the Company and certain subsidiary guarantors. Our current debt agreements, including the agreements governing the Notes and the 2022 Facility, contain, and any future debt agreements may contain, a number of restrictive and financial covenants that impose significant operating and financial constraints on us. Such restrictive covenants may significantly limit our ability to: 

incur additional debt, including issuing guarantees; 

incur liens; 

make certain investments; 

sell or otherwise dispose of assets; 

make acquisitions; 

engage in mergers or consolidations or certain other change of control transactions; 

make distributions to our shareholders; 

engage in restructuring activities; 

engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions; and 

issue or repurchase common shares or other securities. 

Such agreements may also require us to satisfy other requirements, including maintaining certain financial ratios and condition tests. Our ability to meet these requirements can be affected by events beyond our control, and we may be unable to meet them. To the extent we fail to meet any such requirements and are in default under our debt obligations, our financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Further, these restrictions may limit our ability to engage in activities that could otherwise benefit us. To the extent that we are unable to engage in activities that support the growth, profitability and competitiveness of our business, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

12

Table of Contents 

We may also incur mortgage debt on a particular property if we believe the property s projected cash flow is sufficient to service the mortgage debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 157.5 million of mortgage debt secured by seven of our properties. If there is a shortfall in cash flow, however, the amount available for distributions to shareholders may be affected. In addition, incurring mortgage debt increases the risk of loss because defaults on such indebtedness may result in loss of property in foreclosure actions initiated by lenders. For tax purposes, a foreclosure of any of our properties would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but would not receive any cash proceeds. We may give lenders full or partial guarantees for mortgage debt incurred by the entities that own our properties. When we give a guaranty on behalf of an entity that owns one of our properties, we will be responsible to the lender for satisfaction of the debt if it is not paid by that entity. If any mortgages contain cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, there is a risk that more than one property may be affected by a default. If any of our properties are foreclosed upon due to a default, our ability to pay cash distributions to our shareholders may be adversely affected. For more discussion, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 If we set aside insufficient working capital or are unable to secure funds for future tenant improvements, we may be required to defer necessary property improvements, which could adversely impact the quality of our properties and our results of operations. 
 
 When tenants do not renew their leases or otherwise vacate their space, it is possible that, in order to attract replacement tenants, we may be required to expend substantial funds for tenant improvements and refurbishments to the vacated space. If we have insufficient working capital reserves, we will have to obtain financing from other sources. Because most of our leases provide for tenant reimbursement of operating expenses, we have not established a permanent reserve for maintenance and repairs for our properties. However, to the extent that we have insufficient funds for such purposes, we may establish reserves for maintenance and repairs of our properties out of cash flow generated by operating properties or out of non-liquidating net sale proceeds. If these reserves or any reserves otherwise established are insufficient to meet our cash needs, we may have to obtain financing from either affiliated or unaffiliated sources to fund our cash requirements. We cannot assure you that sufficient financing will be available or, if available, will be available on economically feasible terms or on terms acceptable to us. Additional borrowing for working capital purposes will increase our interest expense, and therefore our financial condition and our ability to pay cash distributions to our shareholders may be adversely affected. In addition, we may be required to defer necessary improvements to our properties that may cause our properties to suffer from a greater risk of obsolescence or a decline in value, or a greater risk of decreased cash flow as a result of fewer potential tenants being attracted to our properties. If this happens, we may not be able to maintain projected rental rates for affected properties, and our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 
 
 We have in the past and may continue to structure acquisitions of property in exchange for limited partnership units in our Operating Partnership on terms that could limit our liquidity or our flexibility. 
 
 We have in the past and may continue to acquire properties by issuing limited partnership units in our Operating Partnership OP units in exchange for a property owner contributing property to the Operating Partnership. If we enter into such transactions, in order to induce the contributors of such properties to accept OP units, rather than cash, in exchange for their properties, it may be necessary for us to provide them with additional incentives. For instance, our Operating Partnership s limited partnership agreement provides that any holder of OP units may redeem such units for cash, or, at our option, common shares on a one-for-one basis. We may, however, enter into additional contractual arrangements with contributors of property under which we would agree to redeem a contributor s OP units for our common shares or cash, at the option of the contributor, at set times. If the contributor required us to redeem OP units for cash pursuant to such a provision, it would limit our liquidity and thus our ability to use cash to make other investments, satisfy other obligations or pay distributions. Moreover, if we were required to redeem OP units for cash at a time when we did not have sufficient cash to fund the redemption, we might be required to sell one or more properties to raise funds to satisfy this obligation. Furthermore, we might agree that if distributions the contributor received as a limited partner in our Operating Partnership did not provide the contributor with a defined return, then upon redemption of the contributor s OP units, we would pay the contributor an additional amount necessary to achieve that return. Such a provision could further negatively impact our liquidity and flexibility. Finally, in order to allow a contributor of a property to defer taxable gain on the contribution of property to our Operating Partnership, we might agree not to sell a contributed property for a defined period of time or until the contributor redeemed the contributor s OP units for cash or our common shares. Such an agreement would prevent us from selling those properties, even if market conditions made such a sale favorable to us. 

13

Table of Contents 

The discontinuation and replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect our interest expense. 
 
 In September 2022, we, through our Operating Partnership, amended and restated our unsecured credit facility (the 2022 Facility to include, among other things, a replacement rate for LIBOR. These changes could result in interest obligations that are slightly more than or do not otherwise correlate exactly over time with the payments that would have been made on such debt if U.S. dollar LIBOR was available in its current form and there can be no assurances as to what other alternative base rates may be and whether SOFR or any other such base rate will be more or less favorable than LIBOR or if there will be any other unforeseen impacts of the discontinuation of LIBOR. The Company is monitoring the developments with respect to the phasing out of LIBOR after 2021 and working with its lenders to ensure the transition away from LIBOR will have minimal impact on its financial condition, but can provide no assurances regarding the impact of the discontinuation of LIBOR on its financial condition. 
 
 Risks Associated with Income Tax Laws 
 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT, our operations and distributions to shareholders would be adversely impacted. 
 
 We intend to continue to be organized and to operate so as to qualify as a REIT under the Code. A REIT generally is not taxed at the corporate level on income it currently distributes to its shareholders. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex rules for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to continue to qualify as a REIT. In addition, new legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly change the tax laws, possibly with retroactive effect, with respect to qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. 
 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year: 

we would not be allowed to deduct our distributions to shareholders when computing our taxable income; 

we would be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates; 

14

Table of Contents 

we would be disqualified from being taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost, unless entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions; 

our cash available for distributions to shareholders would be reduced; and 

we may be required to borrow additional funds or sell some of our assets in order to pay corporate tax obligations that we may incur as a result of our disqualification. 

We may need to incur additional borrowings to meet the REIT minimum distribution requirement and to avoid excise tax. 
 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required to distribute to our shareholders at least 90 of our annual real estate investment trust taxable income (excluding any net capital gain and before application of the dividends paid deduction). In addition, we are subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which certain distributions paid by us with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (i) 85 of our ordinary income for that year, (ii) 95 of our net capital gain for that year and (iii) 100 of our undistributed taxable income from prior years. Although we intend to pay distributions to our shareholders in a manner that allows us to meet the 90 distribution requirement and avoid this 4 excise tax, we cannot assure you that we will always be able to do so. 
 
 Our income consists almost solely of our share of our Operating Partnership s income, and the cash available for distribution by us to our shareholders consists of our share of cash distributions made by our Operating Partnership. Because we are the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership, our board of trustees determines the amount of any distributions made by our Operating Partnership. Our board of trustees may consider a number of factors in authorizing distributions, including: 

the amount of cash available for distribution; 

our Operating Partnership s financial condition; 

our Operating Partnership s capital expenditure requirements; and 

our annual distribution requirements necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. 

Differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses and the inclusion of income and deduction of expenses when determining our taxable income, as well as the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures and the creation of reserves or required debt amortization payments could require us to borrow funds on a short-term or long-term basis or make taxable distributions to our shareholders of our shares or debt securities to meet the REIT distribution requirement and to avoid the 4 excise tax described above. In these circumstances, we may need to borrow funds to avoid adverse tax consequences even if our management believes that the then prevailing market conditions generally are not favorable for borrowings or that borrowings would not be advisable in the absence of the tax consideration. 
 
 If our Operating Partnership were classified as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes under the Code, we would cease to qualify as a REIT and would suffer other adverse tax consequences. 
 
 We structured our Operating Partnership so that it would be classified as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. In this regard, the Code generally classifies publicly traded partnerships (as defined in Section 7704 of the Code) as associations taxable as corporations (rather than as partnerships), unless substantially all of their taxable income consists of specified types of passive income. In order to minimize the risk that the Code would classify our Operating Partnership as a publicly traded partnership for tax purposes, we placed certain restrictions on the transfer and/or redemption of our OP units. If the Internal Revenue Service were to assert successfully that our Operating Partnership is a publicly traded partnership, and substantially all of its gross income did not consist of the specified types of passive income, the Code would treat our Operating Partnership as an association taxable as a corporation. 
 
 In such event, the character of our assets and items of gross income would change and would prevent us from continuing to qualify as a REIT. In addition, the imposition of a corporate tax on our Operating Partnership would reduce our amount of cash available for payment of distributions by us to our shareholders. 

15

Table of Contents 

Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our shareholders and the ownership of our shares. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments we might otherwise make. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our performance. 
 
 In particular, we must ensure that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified real estate assets. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20 of the value of our total assets can be represented by the securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 
 For non-corporate taxpayers the maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income paid by regular C corporations to U.S. shareholders generally is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rates on qualified dividend income. Instead, our ordinary dividends generally are taxed at the higher tax rates applicable to ordinary income, the current maximum rate of which is 37 . However, for taxable years prior to 2026, individual stockholders are generally allowed to deduct 20 of the aggregate amount of ordinary dividends distributed by us, subject to certain limitations, which would reduce the maximum marginal effective tax rate for individuals on the receipt of such ordinary dividends to 29.6 . 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. 
 
 The REIT provisions of the Code substantially limit our ability to hedge our liabilities. Any income from a hedging transaction that we enter into to manage risk of interest rate changes, price changes or currency fluctuations with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets does not constitute gross income for purposes of the 75 or 95 gross income tests. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of both of the gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may need to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through taxable REIT subsidiaries. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because any taxable REIT subsidiary that we may form would be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in taxable REIT subsidiaries will generally not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward against future taxable income in the taxable REIT subsidiaries. 

16

Table of Contents 

Changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws, including the enactment of certain tax reform measures, could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 
 We cannot predict whether, when, or to what extent any new U.S. federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations, or rulings will impact the real estate investment industry or REITs. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the effect of potential future changes to the federal tax laws on an investment in our shares. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Shares 
 
 Increases in market interest rates may result in a decrease in the value of our common shares. 
 
 One of the factors that may influence the price of our common shares will be the dividend distribution rate on the common shares (as a percentage of the price of our common shares) relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates continue to rise, prospective purchasers of shares of our common shares may expect a higher distribution rate. Higher interest rates would not, however, result in more funds being available for distribution and, in fact, would likely increase our borrowing costs and might decrease our funds available for distribution. We therefore may not be able, or we may not choose, to provide a higher distribution rate. As a result, prospective purchasers may decide to purchase other securities rather than our common shares, which would reduce the demand for, and result in a decline in the market price of, our common shares. 
 
 Maryland takeover statutes may deter others from seeking to acquire us and prevent shareholders from making a profit in such transactions. 
 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL contains many provisions, such as the business combination statute and the control share acquisition statute, that are designed to prevent, or have the effect of preventing, someone from acquiring control of us. The business combination statute, subject to limitations, prohibits certain business combinations between us and an interested shareholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our outstanding voting shares or an affiliate or associate of our Company who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding shares) or an affiliate of an interested shareholder for five years after the most recent date on which the person becomes an interested shareholder and thereafter imposes super-majority voting requirements on these combinations. The control share acquisition statute provides that control shares of our Company (defined as shares which, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the shareholder (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), entitle the shareholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing trustees) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares) have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 
 We are currently subject to the control share acquisition statute, although our board of trustees may amend our Amended and Restated Bylaws, or our bylaws, without shareholder approval, to exempt any acquisition of our shares from the statute. Our board of trustees has adopted a resolution exempting any business combination with any person from the business combination statute. The business combination statute (if our board of trustees revokes the foregoing exemption) and the control share acquisition statute could delay or prevent offers to acquire us and increase the difficulty of consummating any such offers, even if such a transaction would be in our shareholders best interest. 
 
 The MGCL, the Maryland REIT Law and our organizational documents limit shareholders rights to bring claims against our officers and trustees. 
 
 The MGCL and the Maryland REIT Law provide that a trustee will not have any liability as a trustee so long as he performs his duties in good faith, in a manner he reasonably believes to be in our best interests, and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In addition, our declaration of trust provides that no trustee or officer will be liable to us or to any shareholder for money damages except to the extent that (a) the trustee or officer actually received an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services, for the amount of the benefit or profit in money, property, or services actually received; or (b) a judgment or the final adjudication adverse to the trustee or officer is entered in a proceeding based on a finding in the proceeding the trustee s or officer s action or failure to act was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause of action adjudicated in the proceeding. Finally, our declaration of trust authorizes our Company to obligate itself, and our bylaws obligate us, to indemnify and advance expenses to our trustees and officers to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 

17

Table of Contents 

The terms of our employment agreements with our executive officers and severance arrangements with other employees and the terms of certain equity awards granted to our employees may deter others from seeking to acquire us or reduce the price of any such acquisition. 
 
 We have entered into employment agreements with our executive officers and severance arrangements with other of our employees, and have granted equity awards to a number of our employees. In certain cases, upon a change of control acquisition of us, such agreements and awards would entitle the officer or employee to severance payments and vesting of otherwise unvested awards. The cost of these payments and the impact of the vesting of such awards could deter a third party from seeking to acquire us or could cause the price payable to shareholders in connection with any such acquisition to be lower than it otherwise may have been. These effects could delay or prevent offers to acquire us and increase the difficulty in consummating any such offers, even if such a transaction would be in our shareholders best interests. 
 
 We may issue preferred shares with a preference in distributions over our common shares, and our ability to issue preferred shares and additional common shares may deter or prevent a sale of our common shares in which you could profit. 
 
 Our declaration of trust authorizes our board of trustees to issue up to 400,000,000 common shares and 50,000,000 preferred shares. Our board of trustees may amend our declaration of trust from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of any class or series that we have authority to issue. In addition, our board of trustees may classify or reclassify any unissued common shares or preferred shares and may set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. The terms of preferred shares could include a preference in distributions senior to our common shares. If we authorize and issue preferred shares with a distribution preference senior to our common shares, payment of any distribution preferences of outstanding preferred shares would reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of distributions on our common shares. Further, holders of preferred shares are normally entitled to receive a preference payment in the event we liquidate, dissolve or wind up before any payment is made to our common shareholders, likely reducing the amount our common shareholders would otherwise receive upon such an occurrence. In addition, under certain circumstances, the issuance of preferred shares or a separate class or series of common shares may render more difficult or tend to discourage: 

a merger, tender offer or proxy contest; 

assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our shares; or 

removal of incumbent management. 

Future offerings of debt, which would be senior to our common shares upon liquidation, and/or preferred equity securities that may be senior to our common shares for purposes of distributions or upon liquidation, may adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 
 
 In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making additional offerings of debt or preferred equity securities, including medium-term notes, trust preferred securities, senior or subordinated notes and preferred shares. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities and preferred shares and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive distributions of our available assets prior to the holders of our common shares. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing shareholders or reduce the market price of our common shares, or both. Holders of our common shares are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. Our preferred shares, if issued, could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on distribution payments that could limit our ability to pay distributions to the holders of our common shares. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, our common shareholders bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common shares and diluting their share holdings in us. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Market disruptions may significantly and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 World financial markets have, from time to time, experienced significant disruption. Our results of operations may be sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact tenants of our properties or tenant leasing practices. Adverse economic conditions affecting tenant income, such as employment levels, business conditions, interest rates, tax rates, fuel and energy costs and other matters, could reduce overall tenant leasing or cause tenants to shift their leasing practices. In addition, periods of economic slowdown or recession, further increasing interest rates or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decline in rents or an increased incidence of defaults under existing leases. In addition, financial markets may again experience significant and prolonged disruption, including as a result of unanticipated events, or as a result of recent uncertainty regarding legislative and regulatory shifts relating to, among other things, taxation and trade, and which could adversely affect our tenants and our business in general. For example, a general reduction in consumer spending and the level of tenant leasing could adversely affect our ability to maintain our current tenants and gain new tenants, affecting our growth and profitability. Accordingly, if financial and macroeconomic conditions deteriorate, or if financial markets experience significant disruption, it could have a significant adverse effect on our cash flows, profitability, results of operations and the trading price of our common shares. 
 
 The value of investments in our common shares will be directly affected by general economic and regulatory factors we cannot control or predict. 
 
 Investments in real estate typically involve a high level of risk as the result of factors we cannot control or predict. One of the risks of investing in real estate is the possibility that our properties will not generate income sufficient to meet operating expenses or will generate income and capital appreciation, if any, at rates lower than those anticipated or available through investments in comparable real estate or other investments. The following factors may affect income from properties and yields from investments in properties and are generally outside of our control: 

conditions in financial markets; 

continuing deterioration of the brick-and-mortar retail industry; 

over-building in our markets; 

a reduction in rental income as the result of the inability to maintain occupancy levels; 

18

Table of Contents 

adverse changes in applicable tax, real estate, environmental or zoning laws; 

changes in general economic conditions or economic conditions in our markets; 

a taking of any of our properties by eminent domain; 

adverse local conditions (such as changes in real estate zoning laws that may reduce the desirability of real estate in the area); 

acts of God, such as hurricanes, earthquakes or floods, health and safety epidemics, and other uninsured losses; 

changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing properties in an area; 

changes in interest rates and availability of permanent debt capital, which may render the sale of a property difficult or unattractive; and 

periods of high interest rates, inflation or tight money supply. 

Some or all of these factors may affect our properties, which could adversely affect our operations and ability to make distributions to shareholders. 
 
 We may not be successful in consummating suitable acquisitions or investment opportunities, which may impede our growth and adversely affect the trading price of our common shares. 
 
 Our ability to expand through acquisitions is integral to our business strategy and requires us to consummate suitable acquisition or investment opportunities that meet our criteria and are compatible with our growth strategy. We may not be successful in consummating acquisitions or investments in properties that meet our acquisition criteria on satisfactory terms or at all. Failure to consummate acquisitions or investment opportunities, the failure of an acquired property to perform as expected, or the failure to integrate successfully any acquired properties without substantial expense, delay or other operational or financial problems, would slow our growth, which could in turn adversely affect the trading price of our common shares. 
 
 Our ability to acquire properties on favorable terms may be constrained by the following significant risks: 

competition from other real estate investors with significant capital, including other REITs and institutional investment funds; 

competition from other potential acquirers which may significantly increase the purchase price for a property we acquire, which could reduce our growth prospects; 

unsatisfactory results of our due diligence investigations or failure to meet other customary closing conditions; 

the failure of an acquired property to perform as expected; and 

failure to finance an acquisition on favorable terms or at all. 

If any of these risks are realized, our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders and the trading price of our common shares may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our systems may not be adequate to support our growth, and our failure to successfully oversee our portfolio of properties could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We make no assurances that we will be able to adapt our portfolio management, administrative, accounting and operational systems, or hire and retain sufficient operational staff, to support our growth. Our failure to successfully oversee our current portfolio of properties or any future acquisitions or developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and our ability to make distributions. 

19

Table of Contents 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to pay or maintain cash distributions or that distributions will increase over time. 
 
 There are many factors that can affect the availability and timing of cash distributions to shareholders. Distributions are based upon our funds from operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity, debt service requirements, capital expenditure requirements for our properties and other matters our board of trustees may deem relevant from time to time. If we do not have sufficient cash available for distributions, we may need to fund the shortage out of working capital or borrow to provide funds for such distributions, which would reduce the amount of capital available for real estate investments and increase our future interest costs. 
 
 We can give no assurance that we will be able to continue to pay distributions or that distributions will increase over time. In addition, we can give no assurance that rents from our properties will increase, or that future acquisitions of real properties, mortgage loans or our investments in securities will increase our cash available for distributions to shareholders. Our actual results may differ significantly from the assumptions used by our board of trustees in establishing the distribution rate to shareholders. Our inability to make distributions, or to make distributions at expected levels, could result in a decrease in the trading price of our common shares. 
 
 Any weaknesses identified in our system of internal controls by us and our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that public companies evaluate and report on their systems of internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm must report on management's evaluation of those controls. We may identify deficiencies in our system of internal controls over financial reporting that may require remediation. Any deficiencies or material weaknesses could result in significant time and expense to remediate, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

20

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 General 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we wholly-owned 57 commercial properties, including 14 properties in Houston, nine properties in Dallas-Fort Worth, three properties in San Antonio, five properties in Austin, 25 properties in the Scottsdale and Phoenix, Arizona metropolitan areas, and one property in Buffalo Grove, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago. 
 
 Our tenants consist of national, regional and local businesses. Our properties generally attract a mix of tenants who provide basic staples, convenience items and services tailored to the specific cultures, needs and preferences of the surrounding community. These types of tenants are the core of our strategy of creating Whitestone-branded Community Centered Properties . We also believe daily sales of basic items are less sensitive to fluctuations in the business cycle than higher priced retail items. Our largest tenant represented only 2.2 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Substantially all of our revenues consist of base rents received under leases that generally have terms that range from less than one year to 15 years. The following table summarizes certain information relating to our properties as of December 31, 2022: 

Average 

Average 

Annualized Base 

Annualized Base 

Occupancy as of 

Rental Revenue 

Rental Revenue 

Commercial Properties 
 
 GLA 

12/31/2022 

(in thousands) (1) 

Per Sq. Ft. (2) 

Whitestone 

5,060,899 

94 

102,373 

21.52 

(1) 
 Calculated as the tenant s actual December 31, 2022 base rent (defined as cash base rents including abatements) multiplied by 12. Excludes vacant space as of December 31, 2022. Because annualized base rental revenue is not derived from historical results that were accounted for in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"), historical results differ from the annualized amounts. Total abatements for leases in effect as of December 31, 2022 equaled approximately 249,000 for the month ended December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 Calculated as annualized base rent divided by GLA leased as of December 31, 2022. Excludes vacant space as of December 31, 2022. 

Our largest property, BLVD Place, a retail community purchased on May 26, 2017 and located in Houston, Texas, accounted for 11.0 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. BLVD also accounted for 16.0 of our real estate assets, net of accumulated depreciation, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 157.5 million of our total debt of 626.0 million was secured by seven of our properties with a combined net book value of 243.1 million. 
 
 Location of Properties 
 
 Of our 57 wholly-owned properties, 14 are located in the greater Houston metropolitan statistical area. These properties represent 24 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. An additional 25 of our wholly-owned properties are located in the greater Phoenix metropolitan statistical area and represent 41 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 According to the United States Census Bureau, Houston and Phoenix ranked fifth and tenth, respectively, in the largest United States metropolitan statistical areas as of December 31, 2021. The following table sets forth information about the unemployment rate in Houston, Phoenix and nationally during the last six months of 2022. 

July 

Aug. 

Sept. 

Oct. 

Nov. 

Dec 

National (1) 

3.5 

3.7 

3.5 

3.7 

3.6 

3.5 

Houston (2) 

4.8 

4.6 

4.2 

4.1 

4.0 

3.9 
 
 (P) 

Phoenix (2) 

3.3 

3.4 

3.5 

3.5 

3.0 

2.7 
 
 (P) 

(1) 
 Seasonally adjusted. 

(2) 
 Not seasonally adjusted. 

(P) 
 Represents preliminary estimates. 

Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics 

21

Table of Contents 

General Physical and Economic Attributes 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information relating to each of our properties owned as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries Property Details As of December 31, 2022 

Average 

Percent 

Annualized Base 

Base Rental 

Average Net Effective 

Year Built/ 
 
 Gross Leasable 

Occupied at 

Rental Revenue 

Revenue Per 

Annual Base Rent Per 

Community Name 
 
 Location 
 
 Renovated 
 
 Square Feet 

12/31/2022 

(in thousands) (1) 

Sq. Ft. (2) 

Leased Sq. Ft. (3) 

Whitestone Properties: 

Ahwatukee Plaza 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 1979 

72,650 

81 

816 

13.87 

17.28 

Anderson Arbor 
 
 Austin 
 
 2001 

89,746 

99 

2,007 

22.59 

24.83 

Anthem Marketplace 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2000 

113,293 

89 

1,597 

15.84 

15.78 

Anthem Marketplace Phase II 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2019 

6,853 

100 

241 

35.17 

33.85 

BLVD Place 
 
 Houston 
 
 2014 

216,944 

97 

9,124 

43.36 

44.03 

The Citadel 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2013 

28,547 

94 

514 

19.15 

19.01 

City View Village 
 
 San Antonio 
 
 2005 

17,870 

100 

573 

32.06 

31.28 

Dana Park Pad 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2002 

12,000 

100 

321 

26.75 

28.92 

Davenport Village 
 
 Austin 
 
 1999 

128,934 

99 

3,653 

28.62 

27.99 

Eldorado Plaza 
 
 Dallas 
 
 2004 

219,287 

100 

3,524 

16.07 

16.18 

Fountain Hills 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2009 

111,289 

94 

1,708 

16.33 

16.24 

Fountain Square 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 1986 

118,209 

91 

1,913 

17.78 

17.45 

Fulton Ranch Towne Center 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2005 

120,575 

97 

2,257 

19.30 

19.05 

Gilbert Tuscany Village 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2009 

49,415 

100 

1,053 

21.31 

20.84 

Heritage 
 
 Dallas 
 
 2006 

70,431 

96 

1,639 

24.24 

24.20 

HQ Village 
 
 Dallas 
 
 2009 

89,134 

97 

2,656 

30.72 

30.79 

Keller Place 
 
 Dallas 
 
 2001 

93,541 

95 

1,031 

11.60 

11.48 

Kempwood Plaza 
 
 Houston 
 
 1974 

91,302 

95 

1,303 

15.02 

16.05 

La Mirada 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 1997 

147,209 

92 

3,368 

24.87 

25.09 

Lakeside Market 
 
 Dallas 
 
 2000 

162,649 

91 

3,773 

25.49 

26.38 

Las Colinas 
 
 Dallas 
 
 2000 

104,919 

96 

2,914 

28.93 

29.52 

Lion Square 
 
 Houston 
 
 1980 

117,592 

98 

1,951 

16.93 

19.74 

The MarketPlace at Central 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2012 

111,130 

99 

1,153 

10.48 

9.99 

Market Street at DC Ranch 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2003 

244,888 

99 

5,684 

23.45 

25.30 

Mercado at Scottsdale Ranch 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 1987 

118,730 

94 

1,828 

16.38 

16.46 

Paradise Plaza 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 1983 

125,898 

92 

1,566 

13.52 

13.58 

Parkside Village North 
 
 Austin 
 
 2005 

27,045 

100 

879 

32.50 

31.76 

Parkside Village South 
 
 Austin 
 
 2012 

90,101 

100 

2,571 

28.53 

28.90 

Pinnacle of Scottsdale 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 1991 

113,108 

97 

2,591 

23.62 

23.08 

Pinnacle Phase II 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2017 

27,063 

100 

859 

31.74 

30.41 

The Promenade at Fulton Ranch 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2007 

98,792 

79 

1,167 

14.95 

13.94 

Providence 
 
 Houston 
 
 1980 

90,327 

96 

1,161 

13.39 

13.24 

Quinlan Crossing 
 
 Austin 
 
 2012 

109,892 

95 

2,604 

24.94 

26.03 

Seville 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 1990 

90,042 

93 

2,806 

33.51 

33.39 

Shaver 
 
 Houston 
 
 1978 

21,926 

94 

356 

17.27 

17.22 

Shops at Pecos Ranch 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2009 

78,767 

100 

1,948 

24.73 

25.20 

Shops at Starwood 
 
 Dallas 
 
 2006 

55,385 

100 

1,818 

32.82 

33.46 

The Shops at Williams Trace 
 
 Houston 
 
 1985 

132,991 

95 

2,257 

17.86 

19.70 

Spoerlein Commons 
 
 Chicago 
 
 1987 

41,455 

98 

736 

18.12 

19.20 

Starwood Phase II 
 
 Dallas 
 
 2016 

35,351 

90 

1,215 

38.19 

35.86 

The Strand at Huebner Oaks 
 
 San Antonio 
 
 2000 

73,920 

100 

1,808 

24.46 

24.30 

SugarPark Plaza 
 
 Houston 
 
 1974 

95,032 

97 

1,324 

14.36 

14.93 

Sunridge 
 
 Houston 
 
 1979 

49,359 

73 

600 

16.65 

16.76 

Sunset at Pinnacle Peak 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2000 

41,530 

96 

809 

20.29 

20.22 

Terravita Marketplace 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 1997 

102,733 

99 

1,454 

14.30 

13.94 

Town Park 
 
 Houston 
 
 1978 

43,526 

96 

1,005 

24.05 

24.77 

22

Table of Contents 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries 
 Property Details 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Village Square at Dana Park 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 2009 

323,026 

85 

6,410 

23.35 

24.72 

Westchase 
 
 Houston 
 
 1978 

44,398 

87 

621 

16.08 

16.21 

Williams Trace Plaza 
 
 Houston 
 
 1983 

129,222 

91 

2,539 

21.59 

22.14 

Windsor Park 
 
 San Antonio 
 
 2012 

196,458 

97 

2,005 

10.52 

10.82 

Woodlake Plaza 
 
 Houston 
 
 1974 

106,169 

60 

1,049 

16.47 

15.92 

Total/Weighted Average - Whitestone Properties 

5,000,653 

94 

100,759 

21.44 

21.89 

Development Properties: 

Lake Woodlands Crossing 
 
 Houston 
 
 2018 

60,246 

89 

1,614 

30.10 

32.45 

Total/Weighted Average - Development Properties 

60,246 

89 

1,614 

30.10 

32.45 

Land Held for Development: 

BLVD Phase II-B 
 
 Houston 
 
 N/A 

Dana Park Development 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 N/A 

Eldorado Plaza Development 
 
 Dallas 
 
 N/A 

Fountain Hills 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 N/A 

Market Street at DC Ranch 
 
 Phoenix 
 
 N/A 

Total/Weighted Average - Land Held For Development (4) 

Grand Total/Weighted Average - Whitestone Properties 

5,060,899 

94 

102,373 

21.52 

21.99 

(1) 
 Calculated as the tenant s actual December 31, 2022 base rent (defined as cash base rents including abatements) multiplied by 12. Excludes vacant space as of December 31, 2022. Because annualized base rental revenue is not derived from historical results that were accounted for in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, historical results differ from the annualized amounts. Total abatements for leases in effect as of December 31, 2022 equaled approximately 249,000 for the month ended December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 Calculated as annualized base rent divided by gross leasable area leased as of December 31, 2022. Excludes vacant space as of December 31, 2022. 

(3) 
 Represents (i) the contractual base rent for leases in place as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to a straight-line basis to reflect changes in rental rates throughout the lease term and amortize free rent periods and abatements, but without regard to tenant improvement allowances and leasing commissions, divided by (ii) square footage under commenced leases of December 31, 2022. 

(4) 
 As of December 31, 2022, these parcels of land were held for development and, therefore, had no gross leasable area. 

23

Table of Contents 

Significant Tenants 
 
 The following table sets forth information about our 15 largest tenants as of December 31, 2022, based upon consolidated annualized rental revenues at December 31, 2022. 

Annualized Rental 

Percentage of Total 

Revenue 

Annualized Base Rental 

Tenant Name 
 
 Location 
 
 (in thousands) 

Revenues (1) 

Initial Lease Date 
 
 Year Expiring 

Whole Foods Market 
 
 Houston 

2,247 

2.2 

9/3/2014 
 
 2035 

Albertsons Companies, Inc. (2) 
 
 Austin, Houston and Phoenix 

2,214 

2.2 

5/8/1991, 7/1/2000, 4/1/2014, 4/1/2014 and 10/19/16 
 
 2024, 2025, 2025, 2026 and 2034 

Frost Bank 
 
 Houston 

2,027 

2.0 

7/1/2014 
 
 2024 

Newmark Real Estate of Houston LLC 
 
 Houston 

1,285 

1.3 

10/1/2015 
 
 2026 

Bashas' Inc. (3) 
 
 Phoenix 

1,010 

1.0 

10/9/2004 and 4/1/2009 
 
 2024 and 2029 

Fitness Alliance, LLC 
 
 Houston 

971 

1.0 

11/29/2022 
 
 2038 

Walgreens Co. (5) 
 
 Houston and Phoenix 

955 

0.9 

11/14/1982, 11/2/1987, 8/24/1996 and 11/3/1996 
 
 2027, 2027, 2049 and 2056 

Verizon Wireless (4) 
 
 Houston and Phoenix 

949 

0.9 

8/16/1994, 2/1/2004, 1/27/2006 and 5/1/2014 
 
 2023, 2024, 2024 and 2038 

Alamo Drafthouse Cinema 
 
 Austin 

740 

0.7 

2/1/2012 
 
 2031 

Wells Fargo Company (7) 
 
 Phoenix 

625 

0.6 

10/24/1996 and 4/16/1999 
 
 2023 and 2027 

Dollar Tree (6) 
 
 Houston and Phoenix 

537 

0.5 

8/10/1999, 6/29/2001, 11/8/2009, and 12/17/2009 
 
 2025, 2025, 2026 and 2027 

Total Wine 
 
 Houston 

512 

0.5 

11/27/2018 
 
 2029 

Paul's Ace Hardware 
 
 Phoenix 

490 

0.5 

3/1/2008 
 
 2033 

Kroger Co. 
 
 Dallas 

483 

0.5 

12/15/2000 
 
 2027 

Regus Corporation 
 
 Houston 

469 

0.5 

5/23/2014 
 
 2025 

15,514 

15.3 

(1) 
 Annualized Base Rental Revenues represents the monthly base rent as of December 31, 2022 for each applicable tenant multiplied by 12. 

(2) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had five leases with the same tenant occupying space at properties located in Phoenix, Houston and Austin. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on April 1, 2014, and is scheduled to expire in 2034, was 1,047,000, which represents approximately 1.0 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on April 1, 2014, and is scheduled to expire in 2024, was 44,000, which represents less than 0.1 of our annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on May 8, 1991, and is scheduled to expire in 2026, was 344,000, which represents approximately 0.3 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on July 1, 2000, and is scheduled to expire in 2025, was 353,000, which represents approximately 0.3 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on October 19, 2016, and is scheduled to expire in 2025, was 425,000, which represents approximately 0.4 of our total annualized base rental revenue. 

24

Table of Contents 

(3) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had two leases with the same tenant occupying space at properties located in Phoenix. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on October 9, 2004, and is scheduled to expire in 2024, was 281,000, which represents approximately 0.3 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on April 1, 2009, and is scheduled to expire in 2029, was 729,000, which represents approximately 0.7 of our total annualized base rental revenue 

(4) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had four leases with the same tenant occupying space at properties located in Phoenix and Houston. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on August 16, 1994, and is scheduled to expire in 2038, was 23,000, which represents less than 0.1 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on January 27, 2006, and is scheduled to expire in 2023, was 138,000, which represents approximately 0.1 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on February 1, 2004, and is scheduled to expire in 2024, was 38,000, which represents less than 0.1 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on May 1, 2014, and is scheduled to expire in 2024, was 749,000, which represents approximately 0.7 of our total annualized rental revenue. 

(5) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had four leases with the same tenant occupying space at properties located in Phoenix and Houston. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on November 3, 1996, and is scheduled to expire in 2049, was 279,000, which represents approximately 0.3 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on November 2, 1987, and is scheduled to expire in 2027, was 189,000, which represents approximately 0.2 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on November 14, 1982, and is scheduled to expire in 2027, was 190,000, which represents approximately 0.2 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on August 24, 1996, and is scheduled to expire in 2056, was 298,000, which represents approximately 0.3 of our total annualized rental revenue. 

(6) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had four leases with the same tenant occupying space at properties in Houston and Phoenix. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on August 10, 1999, and is scheduled to expire in 2025, was 88,000, which represents less than 0.1 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on December 17, 2009, and is scheduled to expire in 2025, was 118,000, which represents approximately 0.1 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on June 29, 2001, and is scheduled to expire in 2026, was 175,000, which represents approximately 0.2 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on November 8, 2009, and is scheduled to expire in 2027, was 156,000, which represents approximately 0.2 of our total annualized base rental revenue. 

(7) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had two leases with the same tenant occupying space at properties located in Phoenix. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on October 24, 1996, and is scheduled to expire in 2027, was 151,000, which represents approximately 0.1 of our total annualized base rental revenue. The annualized rental revenue for the lease that commenced on April 16, 1999, and is scheduled to expire in 2023, was 474,000, which represents approximately 0.5 of our total annualized base rental revenue. 

25

Table of Contents 

Lease Expirations 
 
 The following table lists, on an aggregate basis, all of our consolidated scheduled lease expirations over the next 10 years. 

Annualized Base Rent 

GLA 

as of December 31, 2022 

Number of 

Approximate 

Percent of 

Amount 

Percent of 

Year 
 
 Leases 

Square Feet 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Total 

2023 

444 

724,986 

14.3 

14,920,771 

14.6 

2024 

223 

796,603 

15.7 

17,128,443 

16.7 

2025 

230 

833,840 

16.5 

16,407,861 

16.0 

2026 

156 

526,397 

10.4 

11,763,934 

11.5 

2027 

175 

585,685 

11.6 

13,087,078 

12.8 

2028 

87 

359,257 

7.1 

7,674,148 

7.5 

2029 

44 

243,194 

4.8 

5,113,615 

5.0 

2030 

30 

90,498 

1.8 

2,821,942 

2.8 

2031 

25 

127,524 

2.5 

3,458,066 

3.4 

2032 

27 

119,566 

2.4 

2,743,398 

2.7 

Total 

1,441 

4,407,550 

87.1 

95,119,256 

93.0 

Insurance 
 
 We believe that we have property and liability insurance with reputable, commercially rated companies. We also believe that our insurance policies contain commercially reasonable deductibles and limits, adequate to cover our properties. We expect to maintain this type of insurance coverage and to obtain similar coverage with respect to any additional properties we acquire in the near future. Further, we have title insurance relating to our properties in an aggregate amount that we believe to be adequate. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. These matters are generally covered by insurance. While the resolution of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes the final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows or liquidity. See Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

26

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Common Shares 
 
 Our common shares are traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol WSR. As of March 1, 2023, we had 49,424,019 common shares of beneficial interest outstanding held by a total of 812 shareholders of record. 
 
 On March 1, 2023 , the closing price of our common shares reported on the NYSE was 9.37 per share. 
 
 Our current quarterly distribution target is 0.12 per share, however, our future payment of distributions, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of trustees and will depend upon numerous factors, including our cash flow, financial condition, capital requirements, annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, the terms and conditions of our Note Agreement, and other factors that our board of trustees deems relevant. For more discussion, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources - Distributions." 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 Please refer to Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information concerning securities authorized under our equity incentive plan. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the total shareholder returns of the Company's common shares to the Standard Poor's 500 Index S P 500 Index ), the Financial Times Stock Exchange FTSE National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT Equity REITs Index FTSE NAREIT Equity REITs Index ), and to the FTSE NAREIT Equity Shopping Centers Index from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common shares and in the S P 500 Index, the FTSE NAREIT Equity REITs Index and the FTSE NAREIT Equity Shopping Centers Index was 100 at December 31, 2017, and all dividends were reinvested. The closing price of our common shares on December 30, 2017 (on which the graph is based) was 14.41. The past shareholder return shown on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance. The performance graph and related information shall not be deemed filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 

27

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Reserved 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more detailed information regarding the basis of presentation for the following information, you should read the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview of Our Company 
 
 We are a fully integrated real estate company that owns and operates commercial properties in culturally diverse markets in major metropolitan areas. Founded in 1998, we are internally managed with a portfolio of commercial properties in Texas, Arizona and Illinois. 
 
 In October 2006, we adopted a strategic plan to acquire, redevelop, own and operate Community Centered Properties . We define Community Centered Properties as visibly located properties in established or developing culturally diverse neighborhoods in our target markets. We market, lease, and manage our centers to match tenants with the shared needs of the surrounding neighborhood. Those needs may include specialty retail, grocery, restaurants and medical, educational and financial services. Our goal is for each property to become a Whitestone-branded retail community that serves a neighboring five-mile radius around our property. We employ and develop a diverse group of associates who understand the needs of our multicultural communities and tenants. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we wholly-owned 57 commercial properties consisting of: 
 
 Consolidated Operating Portfolio 

51 properties that meet our Community Centered Properties strategy; and containing approximately 5.0 million square feet of GLA and having a total carrying amount (net of accumulated depreciation) of 958.5 million; and 

Redevelopment, New Acquisitions Portfolio 

one wholly owned property, Lake Woodlands Crossing, that meets our Community Centered Properties strategy containing approximately 0.1 million square feet of GLA and having a total carrying amount (net of accumulated depreciation) of 11.7 million. 

five parcels of land held for future development that meet our Community Centered Properties strategy having a total carrying amount of 20.5 million. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of 1,477 tenants. We have a diversified tenant base with our largest tenant comprising only 2.2 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Lease terms for our properties range from less than one year for smaller tenants to more than 15 years for larger tenants. Our leases generally include minimum monthly lease payments and tenant reimbursements for taxes, insurance and maintenance. We completed 321 new and renewal leases during 2022, totaling 932,529square feet and 118.3 million in total lease value. 
 
 We employed 75 full-time employees as of December 31, 2022. As an internally managed REIT, we bear our own expenses of operations, including the salaries, benefits and other compensation of our employees, office expenses, legal, accounting and investor relations expenses and other overhead costs. 
 
 Real Estate Partnership 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we, through our investment in Pillarstone OP, owned a majority interest in eight properties that do not meet our Community Centered Property strategy containing approximately 0.9 million square feet of GLA (the Pillarstone Properties ). We own 81.4 of the total outstanding units of Pillarstone OP, which we account for using the equity method. We also managed the day-to-day operations of Pillarstone OP pursuant to a management agreement, which was terminated on August 18, 2022. 

28

Table of Contents 

Market Conditions and COVID-19 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 The global health crisis caused by COVID-19 and the related responses intended to control its spread may continue to adversely affect business activity, particularly relating to our retail tenants, across the markets in which we operate. In light of the changing nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are unable to predict the extent that its impact will have on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 We anticipate that the majority of our leases will continue to be triple-net leases or otherwise provide that tenants pay for increases in operating expenses and will contain provisions that we believe will mitigate the effect of inflation. In addition, many of our leases are for terms of less than five years, which allows us to adjust rental rates to reflect inflation and other changing market conditions when the leases expire. Consequently, increases due to inflation, as well as ad valorem tax rate increases, generally do not have a significant adverse effect upon our operating results. 
 
 Refer to Item 1A - Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 How We Derive Our Revenue 
 
 Substantially all of our revenue is derived from rents received from leases at our properties. We had total revenues of approximately 139,421,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 125,365,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 14,056,000, or 11 . 
 
 Known Trends in Our Operations; Outlook for Future Results 
 
 Rental Income 
 
 We expect our rental income to increase year-over-year due to the addition of properties and rent increases on renewal leases. The amount of net rental income generated by our properties depends principally on our ability to maintain the occupancy rates of currently leased space and to lease currently available space, newly acquired properties with vacant space, and space available from unscheduled lease terminations. The amount of rental income we generate also depends on our ability to maintain or increase rental rates in our submarkets. Included in our adjustments to rental revenue for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, were bad debt adjustments of 0.6 million and 0.1 million, respectively, and a straight-line rent reserve adjustments of 0.3 million and 0.9 million, respectively, related to credit loss for the conversion of 80 and 59 tenants, respectively, to cash basis revenue as a result of COVID-19 collectability analysis. 
 
 Scheduled Lease Expirations 
 
 We tend to lease space to smaller businesses that desire shorter term leases. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 30 of our GLA was subject to leases that expire prior to December 31, 2024. Over the last three years, we have renewed expiring leases with respect to approximately 70 of our GLA. We routinely seek to renew leases with our existing tenants prior to their expiration and typically begin discussions with tenants as early as 18 months prior to the expiration date of the existing lease. Inasmuch as our early renewal program and other leasing and marketing efforts target these expiring leases, we hope to re-lease most of that space prior to expiration of the leases. In the markets in which we operate, we obtain and analyze market rental rates through review of third-party publications, which provide market and submarket rental rate data and through inquiry of property owners and property management companies as to rental rates being quoted at properties that are located in close proximity to our properties and we believe display similar physical attributes as our nearby properties. We use this data to negotiate leases with new tenants and renew leases with our existing tenants at rates we believe to be competitive in the markets for our individual properties. Due to the short term nature of our leases, and based upon our analysis of market rental rates, we believe that, in the aggregate, our current leases are at market rates. Market conditions, including new supply of properties, and macroeconomic conditions in our markets and nationally affecting tenant income, such as employment levels, business conditions, interest rates, tax rates, fuel and energy costs and other matters, could adversely impact our renewal rate and/or the rental rates we are able to negotiate. We continue to monitor our tenants operating performances as well as overall economic trends to evaluate any future negative impact on our renewal rates and rental rates, which could adversely affect our cash flow and ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 

29

Table of Contents 

Property Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 
 We seek to acquire commercial properties in high-growth markets. Our acquisition targets are properties that fit our Community Centered Properties strategy, primarily in and around Phoenix, Chicago, Dallas-Fort Worth, San Antonio and Houston. We may acquire properties in other high growth cities in the future. We have extensive relationships with community banks, attorneys, title companies and others in the real estate industry, which we believe enables us to take advantage of these market opportunities and maintain an active acquisition pipeline. We market, lease and manage our centers to match tenants with the shared needs of the surrounding neighborhood. Those needs may include specialty retail, grocery and restaurants as well as medical, educational and financial services. Our goal is for each property to become a Whitestone-branded business center or retail community that serves a neighboring five-mile radius around our property. 
 
 Property Acquisitions. 
 
 On December 21, 2022, we acquired Lake Woodlands Crossing, a property that meets our Community Centered Property strategy, for 22.5 million in cash and net prorations. Lake Woodlands Crossing, a 60,246 square foot property, was 89.3 leased at the time of purchase and is located in The Woodlands, Texas. 
 
 On December 2, 2022 we acquired Dana Park Pad, a property that meets our Community Centered Property strategy, for 4.9 million in cash and net prorations. Dana Park Pad, a 12,000 square foot property, was 100 leased at the time of purchase and is located in the Mesa submarket of Phoenix, Arizona. 
 
 Property Dispositions. We seek to continually upgrade our portfolio by opportunistically selling properties that do not have the potential to meet our Community Centered Property strategy and redeploying the sale proceeds into properties that better fit our strategy. Some of our properties that we own (the non-core properties may not fit our Community Centered Property strategy, and we may look for opportunities to dispose of these properties as we continue to execute our strategy. 
 
 On November 30, 2022, we completed the sale of Pima Norte, located in Carefree, Arizona, for 3.3 million. We recorded a loss on sale of 4.0 million. 
 
 On November 21, 2022, we completed the sale of Spoerlein Commons Pad, located in Buffalo Grove, Illinois, for 2.2 million. We recorded a gain on sale of 0.7 million. 
 
 On November 16, 2022, we completed the sale of Desert Canyon, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, for 9.3 million. We recorded a gain on sale of 5.1 million. 
 
 On November 14, 2022, we completed the sale of Gilbert Tuscany Village Hard Corner, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, for 2.5 million. We recorded a gain on sale of 0.8 million. 
 
 On November 10, 2022, we completed the sale of South Richey, located in Houston, Texas, for 13.1 million. We recorded a gain on sale of 9.9 million. 
 
 On October 31, 2022, we completed the sale of Bissonnet Beltway Plaza, located in Houston, Texas, for 5.4 million. We recorded a gain on sale of 4.4 million. 
 
 We have not included 2022 sold properties in discontinued operations as they did not meet the definition of discontinued operations. 
 
 On December 8, 2016, we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into a Contribution Agreement (the Contribution Agreement with Pillarstone and Pillarstone REIT pursuant to which we contributed all of the equity interests in four of our wholly-owned subsidiaries that, at the time, owned 14 non-core properties (the Pillarstone Properties that did not fit our Community Centered Property strategy, to Pillarstone for aggregate consideration of approximately 84 million, consisting of (1) approximately 18.1 million of Class A units representing limited partnership interests in Pillarstone Pillarstone OP Units and (2) the assumption of approximately 65.9 million of liabilities (collectively, the Contribution ). 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 81.4 of the total outstanding Pillarstone OP Units, which we account for under the equity method. See Note 4 Investment in Real Estate Partnership to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information on our accounting treatment of our investment in Pillarstone OP. 

30

Table of Contents 

Leasing Activity 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we wholly-owned 57 properties with 5,060,899 square feet of GLA, which were approximately 94 occupied. The following is a summary of the Company s leasing activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Number of Leases Signed 

GLA Signed 

Weighted Average Lease Term (2) 

TI and Incentives per Sq. Ft. (3) 

Contractual Rent Per Sq. Ft. (4) 

Prior Contractual Rent Per Sq. Ft. (5) 

Straight-lined Basis Increase (Decrease) Over Prior Rent 

Comparable (1) 

Renewal Leases 

177 

497,469 

4.0 

2.05 

20.87 

19.26 

16.5 

New Leases 

43 

87,381 

6.0 

12.44 

25.49 

23.97 

16.8 

Total 

220 

584,850 

4.3 

3.60 

21.56 

19.96 

16.6 

Number of Leases Signed 

GLA Signed 

Weighted Average Lease Term (2) 

TI and Incentives per Sq. Ft. (3) 

Contractual Rent Per Sq. Ft. (4) 

Total 

Renewal Leases 

201 

558,843 

4.1 

2.64 

21.45 

New Leases 

120 

373,686 

8.5 

23.02 

20.39 

Total 

321 

932,529 

5.9 

10.81 

21.02 

(1) 
 Comparable leases represent leases signed on spaces for which there was a former tenant within the last twelve months and the new or renewal square footage was within 25 of the expired square footage. 

(2) 
 Weighted average lease term (in years) is determined on the basis of square footage. 

(3) 
 Estimated amount per signed leases. Actual cost of construction may vary. Does not include first generation costs for tenant improvements TI and leasing commission costs needed for new acquisitions, development or redevelopment of a property to bring to operating standards for its intended use. 

(4) 
 Contractual minimum rent under the new lease for the first month, excluding concessions. 

(5) 
 Contractual minimum rent under the prior lease for the final month. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of distributions to holders of our common shares and OP units, including those required to maintain our REIT status and satisfy our current quarterly distribution target of 0.12 per share and OP unit, recurring expenditures, such as repairs and maintenance of our properties, non-recurring expenditures, such as capital improvements and tenant improvements, debt service requirements, and, potentially, acquisitions of additional properties. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our cash provided from operating activities was 44.4 million and our total dividends and distributions paid were 23.3 million. Therefore, we had cash flow from operations in excess of distributions of approximately 21.1 million. The 2022 Facility included a 250 million unsecured borrowing capacity under a revolving credit facility. The 2022 Facility also included an accordion feature that allowed the Operating Partnership to increase the borrowing capacity by 200 million, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. We anticipate that cash flows from operating activities and our borrowing capacity under the 2022 Facility will provide adequate capital for our distributions, working capital requirements, anticipated capital expenditures and scheduled debt payments in the short term. We also believe that cash flows from operating activities and our borrowing capacity will allow us to make all distributions required for us to continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 Our long-term capital requirements consist primarily of maturities under our longer-term debt agreements, development and redevelopment costs, and potential acquisitions. We expect to meet our long-term liquidity requirements with net cash from operations, long-term indebtedness, sales of common shares, issuance of OP units, sales of underperforming and non-core properties and other financing opportunities, including debt financing. We believe we have access to multiple sources of capital to fund our long-term liquidity requirements, including the incurrence of additional debt and the issuance of additional equity. However, our ability to incur additional debt will be dependent on a number of factors, including our degree of leverage, the value of our unencumbered assets and borrowing restrictions that may be imposed by lenders. As of December 31, 2022, subject to any potential future paydowns or increases in the borrowing base, we have 146.4 million remaining availability under the revolving credit facility. 

31

Table of Contents 

Our ability to access the capital markets will be dependent on a number of factors as well, including general market conditions for REITs and market perceptions about our Company. In light of the dynamics in the capital markets impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the economic slowdown, our access to capital may be diminished. Despite these potential challenges, we believe we have sufficient access to capital for the foreseeable future, but we can provide no assurance that such capital will be available to us on attractive terms or at all. 
 
 On April 30, 2020, the Company entered into a loan in the principal amount of 1,733,510 from U.S. Bank National Association, one of the Company s existing lenders, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loan of the CARES Act. The PPP Loan was set to mature on May 6, 2022 (the Maturity Date ), and accrued interest at 1.00 per annum and could be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty. Pursuant to the CARES Act, the Company applied for and was granted forgiveness for all of the PPP Loan. Forgiveness was determined by the U.S. Small Business Administration based on the use of loan proceeds for payroll costs, mortgage interest, rent or utility costs and the maintenance of employee and compensation levels. The Company used all proceeds from the PPP Loan to retain employees and maintain payroll and make mortgage payments, lease payments and utility payments to support business continuity throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. Pursuant to the guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 405-20, Liabilities - Extinguishment of Liabilities, the Company recognized a 1,734,000 gain for the PPP Loan forgiveness during the year ended December 31, 2020 based on the legal release from the U.S. Small Business Administration. 
 
 On May 20, 2022, our universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 was declared effective by the SEC, which registers the issuance and sale by us of up to 500 million in securities from time to time, including common shares, preferred shares, debt securities, depositary shares and subscription rights. 
 
 On September 9, 2022, we entered into eleven equity distribution agreements for an at-the-market equity distribution program (the 2022 equity distribution agreements providing for the issuance and sale of up to an aggregate of 100 million of the Company s common shares pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264881). Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors determined by us from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading price of our common shares, capital needs and our determinations of the appropriate sources of funding for us, and will be made in transactions that will be deemed to be at-the-market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We have no obligation to sell any of our common shares and can at any time suspend offers under the 2022 equity distribution agreements or terminate the 2022 equity distribution agreements. 
 
 We expect that our rental income will increase as we continue to acquire additional properties, subsequently increasing our cash flows generated from operating activities. We intend to finance the continued acquisition of such additional properties through equity issuances and through debt financing. 
 
 Our capital structure includes non-recourse secured debt that we assumed or originated on certain properties. We may hedge the future cash flows of certain debt transactions principally through interest rate swaps with major financial institutions. 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, pursuant to the term of our 15.1 million 4.99 Note, due January 6, 2024 (see Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), which is collateralized by our Anthem Marketplace property, we were required by the lenders thereunder to establish a cash management account controlled by the lenders to collect all amounts generated by our Anthem Marketplace property in order to collateralize such promissory note. Amounts in the cash management account are classified as restricted cash. 

32

Table of Contents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 We had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of approximately 6,355,000 at December 31, 2022, as compared to 15,914,000 at December 31, 2021. The decrease of 9,559,000 was primarily the result of the following: 
 
 Sources of Cash 

Cash flow from operations of 44,431,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash flow from operations of 47,040,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021; 

Net proceeds from sale of properties of 33,723,000 compared to 0; 

Uses of Cash 

Acquisition of real estate of 16,992,000 compared to 81,588,000; 

Acquisition of ground lease of 9,786,000 compared to 0; 

Payment of dividends and distributions to common shareholders and OP unit holders of 23,304,000 compared to 19,651,000; 

Additions to real estate of 13,659,000 compared to 9,642,000; 

Payments of notes payable of 3,468,000 compared to 3,261,000; 

Repurchase of common shares of 537,000 compared to 691,000; 

Net payment of credit facility of 16,000,000 compared to 0; 

Payment of loan originations cost of 3,632,000 compared to 0; and 

Payment of exchange offering cost of 335,000 compared to 63,000. 

We place all cash in short-term, highly liquid investments that we believe provide appropriate safety of principal. 
 
 Equity Offerings 
 
 On May 20, 2022 , our universal shelf registration statement on Form S- 3 was declared effective by the SEC, which registers the issuance and sale by us of up to 500 million in securities from time to time, including common shares, preferred shares, debt securities, depositary shares and subscription rights. 
 
 On September 9, 2022, we entered into eleven equity distribution agreements for an at-the-market equity distribution program (the 2022 equity distribution agreements providing for the issuance and sale of up to an aggregate of 100 million of the Company s common shares pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264881). Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors determined by us from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading price of our common shares, capital needs and our determinations of the appropriate sources of funding for us, and were made in transactions that will be deemed to be at-the-market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We have no obligation to sell any of our common shares and can at any time suspend offers under the 2022 equity distribution agreements or terminate the 2022 equity distribution agreements. 
 
 We have used and anticipate using net proceeds from common shares issued pursuant to the 2022 equity distribution agreements for general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions of additional properties, the repayment of outstanding indebtedness, capital expenditures, the expansion, redevelopment and/or re-tenanting of properties in our portfolio, working capital and other general purposes. 

33

Table of Contents 

Debt 
 
 Debt consisted of the following as of the dates indicated (in thousands): 

December 31, 

Description 
 
 2022 

2021 

Fixed rate notes 

100.0 million, 1.73 plus 1.35 to 1.90 Note (1) 

100,000 

165.0 million, 2.24 plus 1.35 to 1.90 Note (1) 

165,000 

265.0 million, 3.18 plus 1.45 to 2.10 Note, due January 31, 2028 (2) 

265,000 

80.0 million, 3.72 Note, due June 1, 2027 

80,000 

80,000 

19.0 million 4.15 Note, due December 1, 2024 

18,016 

18,358 

20.2 million 4.28 Note, due June 6, 2023 

17,375 

17,808 

14.0 million 4.34 Note, due September 11, 2024 

12,709 

12,978 

14.3 million 4.34 Note, due September 11, 2024 

13,520 

13,773 

15.1 million 4.99 Note, due January 6, 2024 

13,635 

13,907 

2.6 million 5.46 Note, due October 1, 2023 

2,236 

2,289 

50.0 million, 5.09 Note, due March 22, 2029 

50,000 

50,000 

50.0 million, 5.17 Note, due March 22, 2029 

50,000 

50,000 

Floating rate notes 

Unsecured line of credit, LIBOR plus 1.40 to 1.90 (3) 

119,500 

Unsecured line of credit, SOFR plus 1.50 to 2.10 , due September 16, 2026 

103,500 

Total notes payable principal 

625,991 

643,613 

Less deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization 

(564) 

(771) 

Total notes payable 

625,427 

642,842 

(1) 
 Loan was fully paid off on September 16, 2022. 

(2) 
 Promissory note includes an interest rate swap that fixed the SOFR portion of the term loan at an interest rate of 2.16 through October 28, 2022, 2.76 from October 29, 2022 through January 31, 2024, and 3.32 beginning February 1, 2024 through January 31, 2028. 

(3) 
 Line of credit was paid off on September 16, 2022 

On April 30, 2020, the Company entered into a loan in the principal amount of 1,733,510 from U.S. Bank National Association, one of the Company s existing lenders, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loan of the CARES Act. The PPP Loan was set to mature on May 6, 2022 (the Maturity Date ), and accrued interest at 1.00 per annum and could be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty. Pursuant to the CARES Act, the Company applied for and was granted forgiveness for all of the PPP Loan. Forgiveness was determined by the U.S. Small Business Administration based on the use of loan proceeds for payroll costs, mortgage interest, rent or utility costs and the maintenance of employee and compensation levels. Pursuant to the guidance in FASB ASC 405-20, Liabilities - Extinguishment of Liabilities, the Company recognized a 1,734,000 gain for the PPP Loan forgiveness during the year ended December 31, 2020 based on the legal release from the U.S. Small Business Administration. 
 
 On March 22, 2019, we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into a Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement (the Note Agreement together with certain subsidiary guarantors as initial guarantor parties thereto (the Subsidiary Guarantors and The Prudential Insurance Company of America and the various other purchasers named therein (collectively, the Purchasers providing for the issuance and sale of 100 million of senior unsecured notes of the Operating Partnership, of which (i) 50 million are designated as 5.09 Series A Senior Notes due March 22, 2029 (the Series A Notes and (ii) 50 million are designated as 5.17 Series B Senior Notes due March 22, 2029 (the Series B Notes and, together with the Series A Notes, the Notes pursuant to a private placement that closed on March 22, 2019 (the Private Placement ). Obligations under the Notes are unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and by the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 
 On December 16, 2022, Whitestone REIT (the Company and its operating partnership, Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), amended its Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement originally executed on March 22, 2019 (the Existing Note Agreement ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of an Amendment No. 1 to Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2022 (the Existing Note Purchase Agreement, as so amended, the Amended Note Agreement ), by and among the Company and the Operating Partnership, together with certain subsidiary guarantors as initial guarantor parties thereto and The Prudential Insurance Company of America and the various other purchasers named therein. 
 
 Neither the term of the Existing Note Agreement, the interest rate, nor the principal amounts, were amended. The purpose of the amendment is to conform certain covenants and defined terms contained in the Amended Note Agreement with the Company s recently amended unsecured credit facility with the lenders party thereto, Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent, Truist Bank, as syndication agent, and BMO Capital Markets Corp., Truist Bank, Capital One, National Association, and U.S. Bank National Association, as co-lead arrangers and joint book runners. 

34

Table of Contents 

The principal of the Series A Notes will begin to amortize on March 22, 2023 with annual principal payments of approximately 7.1 million. The principal of the Series B Notes will begin to amortize on March 22, 2025 with annual principal payments of 10.0 million. The Notes will pay interest quarterly on the 22nd day of March, June, September and December in each year until maturity. 
 
 The Operating Partnership may prepay at any time all, or from time to time part of, the Notes, in an amount not less than 1,000,000 in the case of a partial prepayment, at 100 of the principal amount so prepaid, plus a make-whole amount. The make-whole amount is equal to the excess, if any, of the discounted value of the remaining scheduled payments with respect to the Notes being prepaid over the aggregate principal amount of such Notes (as described in the Note Agreement). In addition, in connection with a Change of Control (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), the Operating Partnership is required to offer to prepay the Notes at 100 of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 
 
 The Note Agreement contains representations, warranties, covenants, terms and conditions customary for transactions of this type and substantially similar to the Operating Partnership s existing senior revolving credit facility, including limitations on liens, incurrence of investments, acquisitions, loans and advances and restrictions on dividends and certain other restricted payments. In addition, the Note Agreement contains certain financial covenants substantially similar to the Operating Partnership s existing senior revolving credit facility, including the following: 

maximum total indebtedness to total asset value ratio of 0.60 to 1.00; 

maximum secured debt to total asset value ratio of 0.40 to 1.00; 

minimum EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization or extraordinary items) to fixed charges ratio of 1.50 to 1.00; 

maximum secured recourse debt to total asset value ratio of 0.15 to 1.00; 

maintenance of a minimum tangible net worth (adjusted for accumulated depreciation and amortization) of 75 of the Company's total net worth as of December 31, 2021 plus 75 of the net proceeds from additional equity offerings (as defined therein); and 

minimum adjusted property NOI to implied unencumbered debt service ratio of 1.50 to 1.00. 

In addition, the Note Agreement contains a financial covenant requiring that maximum unsecured indebtedness not exceed the ratio of unsecured indebtedness to unencumbered asset pool of 0.60 to 1.00. That covenant is substantially similar to the borrowing base concept contained in the Operating Partnership s existing senior revolving credit facility. 
 
 The Note Agreement also contains default provisions, including defaults for non-payment, breach of representations and warranties, insolvency, non-performance of covenants, cross-defaults with other indebtedness and guarantor defaults. The occurrence of an event of default under the Note Agreement could result in the Purchasers accelerating the payment of all obligations under the Notes. The financial and restrictive covenants and default provisions in the Note Agreement are substantially similar to those contained in the Operating Partnership s existing credit facility. 
 
 Net proceeds from the Private Placement were used to refinance existing indebtedness. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes were sold in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 
 On September 16, 2022 , we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into an unsecured credit facility (the 2022 Facility with the lenders party thereto, Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), Truist Bank, as syndication agent, and BMO Capital Markets Corp., Truist Bank, Capital One, National Association, and U.S. Bank National Association, as co-lead arrangers and joint book runners. The 2022 Facility amended and restated the Company's previous unsecured revolving credit facility, dated January 31, 2019 (the 2019 Facility ). 
 
 The 2022 Facility is comprised of the following two tranches: 

250.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility with a maturity date of September 16, 2026 (the 2022 Revolver ); 

265.0 million unsecured term loan with a maturity date of January 31, 2028 Term Loan ). 

35

Table of Contents 

Borrowings under the 2022 Facility accrue interest (at the Operating Partnership's option) at a Base Rate or an Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus an applicable margin based upon our then existing leverage. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the 2022 Revolver was 5.79 . Based on our current leverage ratio, the revolver has initial interest rate of SOFR plus 1.60 and a 10 basis point credit spread adjustment. In addition, we entered into interest rate swaps to fix the interest rates on the Term Loan. The Term Loan with the swaps has the following interest rates: 

2.16 plus 1.55 through October 28, 2022 

2.80 plus 1.55 from October 29, 2022 through January 31, 2024 

3.42 plus 1.55 from February 1, 2024 through January 31, 2028 

The 2022 Facility also has a pricing provision where the applicable margin can be adjusted by an aggregate 0.02 per annum based on the Company s performance on certain sustainability performance targets. Base Rate means, for any day, the higher of: (a) the Administrative Agent s prime commercial rate, (b) the sum of (i) the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for such day, plus (ii) 0.50 , or (c) the sum of (i) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus (ii) 1.10 . Adjusted Term SOFR means, for any such day, the sum of (i) the SOFR-based term rate for the day two (2) business days prior and (ii) 0.10 . 
 
 The 2022 Facility includes an accordion feature that will allow the Operating Partnership to increase the borrowing capacity by 200.0 million, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. As of December 31, 2022, subject to any potential future paydowns or increases in the borrowing base, we have 146.4 million remaining availability under the 2022 Revolver. As of December 31, 2022, 368.5 million was drawn on the 2022 Facility and our unused borrowing capacity was 146.4 million, assuming that we use the proceeds of the 2022 Facility to acquire properties, or to repay debt on properties, that are eligible to be included in the unsecured borrowing base. The Company used 379.5 million of proceeds from the 2022 Facility to repay amounts outstanding under the 2019 Facility. 
 
 The Company, each direct and indirect material subsidiary of the Operating Partnership and any other subsidiary of the Operating Partnership that is a guarantor under any unsecured ratable debt will serve as a guarantor for funds borrowed by the Operating Partnership under the 2022 Facility. The 2022 Facility contains customary terms and conditions, including, without limitation, customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants including, without limitation, information reporting requirements, limitations on investments, acquisitions, loans and advances, mergers, consolidations and sales, incurrence of liens, dividends and restricted payments. In addition, the 2022 Facility contains certain financial covenants including the following: 

maximum total indebtedness to total asset value ratio of 0.60 to 1.00; 

maximum secured debt to total asset value ratio of 0.40 to 1.00; 

minimum EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization or extraordinary items) to fixed charges ratio of 1.50 to 1.00; 

maximum other recourse debt to total asset value ratio of 0.15 to 1.00; and 

maintenance of a minimum tangible net worth (adjusted for accumulated depreciation and amortization) of 449 million plus 75 of the net proceeds from additional equity offerings (as defined therein). 

The 2022 Facility also contains customary events of default with customary notice and cure, including, without limitation, nonpayment, breach of covenant, misrepresentation of representations and warranties in a material respect, cross-default to other major indebtedness, change of control, bankruptcy and loss of REIT tax status. If an event of default occurs and is continuing under the 2022 Facility, the lenders may, among other things, terminate their commitments under the 2022 Facility and require the immediate payment of all amounts owed thereunder. 

36

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, our 157.5 million in secured debt was collateralized by seven properties with a carrying value of 243.1 million. Our loans contain restrictions that would require the payment of prepayment penalties for the acceleration of outstanding debt and are secured by deeds of trust on certain of our properties and by assignment of the rents and leases associated with those properties. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all loan covenants. 
 
 Scheduled maturities of our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands): 

Year 
 
 Amount Due 

2023 

28,204 

2024 

63,573 

2025 

17,143 

2026 

120,643 

2027 

97,143 

Thereafter 

299,285 

Total 

625,991 

Capital Expenditures 
 
 We continually evaluate our properties performance and value. We may determine it is in our shareholders best interest to invest capital in properties we believe have potential for increasing value. We also may have unexpected capital expenditures or improvements for our existing assets. Additionally, we intend to continue investing in similar properties outside of Texas and Arizona in cities with exceptional demographics to diversify market risk, and we may incur significant capital expenditures or make improvements in connection with any properties we may acquire. 
 
 The following is a summary of the Company s capital expenditures, excluding property acquisitions, for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

Capital expenditures: 

Tenant improvements and allowances 

7,897 

3,306 

Developments / redevelopments 

2,944 

2,081 

Leasing commissions and costs 

3,068 

3,016 

Maintenance capital expenditures 

2,818 

4,255 

Total capital expenditures 

16,727 

12,658 

37

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had the following contractual obligations (see Note 8 of our accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding the specific terms of our debt): 

Payment due by period (in thousands) 

More than 

Less than 1 

1 - 3 years 

3 - 5 years 

5 years 

Consolidated Contractual Obligations 
 
 Total 

year (2023) 

(2024 - 2025) 

(2026 - 2027) 

(after 2027) 

Long-Term Debt - Principal 

625,991 

28,204 

80,716 

217,786 

299,285 

Long-Term Debt - Fixed Interest 

101,004 

23,393 

40,899 

34,398 

2,314 

Long-Term Debt - Variable Interest (1) 

17,992 

4,798 

9,596 

3,598 

Unsecured credit facility - Unused commitment fee (2) 

1,373 

366 

732 

275 

Operating Lease Obligations 

136 

65 

70 

1 

Finance Lease Obligations 

3,087 

60 

125 

129 

2,773 

Total 

749,583 

56,886 

132,138 

256,187 

304,372 

(1) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had one loan totaling 103.5 million which bore interest at a floating rate. The variable interest rate payments are based on SOFR plus 1.60 and a 10 basis point spread adjustment which reflects our new interest rates under our 2022 Facility. The information in the table above reflects our projected interest rate obligations for the floating rate payments based on one-month SOFR as of December 31, 2022, of 4.31 . 

(2) 
 The unused commitment fees on our unsecured credit facility, payable quarterly, are based on the average daily unused amount of our unsecured credit facility. The fees are 0.20 for facility usage greater than 50 or 0.25 for facility usage less than 50 . The information in the table above reflects our projected obligations for our unsecured credit facility based on our December 31, 2022 balance of 368.5 million. 

Distributions 
 
 U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually to its shareholders at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, and that it pay tax at regular corporate rates on any taxable income that it does not distribute. We currently, and intend to continue to, accrue distributions quarterly and make distributions in three monthly installments following the end of each quarter. For a discussion of our cash flow as compared to dividends, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 The timing and frequency of our distributions are authorized and declared by our board of trustees in exercise of its business judgment based upon a number of factors, including: 

our funds from operations; 

our debt service requirements; 

our capital expenditure requirements for our properties; 

our taxable income, combined with the annual distribution requirements necessary to maintain REIT qualification; 

requirements of Maryland law; 

our overall financial condition; and 

other factors deemed relevant by our board of trustees. 

Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our board of trustees and we cannot provide assurance that our distributions will be made or sustained in the future. 

38

Table of Contents 

On February 10, 2021, the Company announced an increase to its quarterly distribution to 0.1075 per common share and OP units, equal to a monthly distribution of 0.035833, beginning with the March 2021 distribution. On February 22, 2022, the Company announced an increase to its quarterly distribution to 0.12 per commons share and OP unit, equal to a monthly distribution of 0.04, beginning with the April 2022 distribution. 
 
 During 2022, we paid distributions to our common shareholders and OP unit holders of 23.3 million, compared to 19.7 million in 2021. Common shareholders and OP unit holders receive monthly distributions. Payments of distributions are declared quarterly and paid monthly. The distributions paid to common shareholders and OP unit holders were as follows (in thousands, except per share data) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Common Shares 

Noncontrolling OP Unit Holders 

Total 

Quarter Paid 
 
 Distributions Per Common Share 

Amount Paid 

Distributions Per OP Unit 

Amount Paid 

Amount Paid 

2022 

Fourth Quarter 

0.1200 

5,909 

0.1200 

83 

5,992 

Third Quarter 

0.1200 

5,901 

0.1200 

88 

5,989 

Second Quarter 

0.1200 

5,880 

0.1200 

92 

5,972 

First Quarter 

0.1075 

5,268 

0.1075 

83 

5,351 

Total 

0.4675 

22,958 

0.4675 

346 

23,304 

2021 

Fourth Quarter 

0.1075 

5,257 

0.1075 

83 

5,340 

Third Quarter 

0.1075 

4,981 

0.1075 

83 

5,064 

Second Quarter 

0.1075 

4,602 

0.1075 

83 

4,685 

First Quarter 

0.1058 

4,480 

0.1058 

82 

4,562 

Total 

0.4283 

19,320 

0.4283 

331 

19,651 

Summary of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements. We prepared these financial statements in conformity with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements required us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We based our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our results may differ from these estimates. Currently, we believe that our accounting policies do not require us to make estimates using assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain. For a better understanding of our accounting policies, you should read Note 2 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in conjunction with this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 
 We have described below the critical accounting policies that we believe could impact our consolidated financial statements most significantly. 
 
 Revenue Recognition. All leases on our properties are classified as operating leases, and the related rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related leases. Differences between rental income earned and amounts due per the respective lease agreements are capitalized or charged, as applicable, to accrued rents and accounts receivable. Percentage rents are recognized as rental income when the thresholds upon which they are based have been met. Recoveries from tenants for taxes, insurance, and other operating expenses are recognized as revenues in the period the corresponding costs are incurred. We combine lease and nonlease components in lease contracts, which includes combining base rent, recoveries, and percentage rents into a single line item, Rental , within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Additionally, we have tenants who pay real estate taxes directly to the taxing authority. We exclude these costs paid directly by the tenant to third parties on our behalf from revenue recognized and the associated property operating expense. 

39

Table of Contents 

Other property income primarily includes amounts recorded in connection with management fees and lease termination fees. Pillarstone OP paid us management fees for property management, leasing and day-to-day advisory and administrative services. Their obligations were satisfied over time. Pillarstone OP was billed monthly and typically paid quarterly. Revenues were governed by the Management Agreements (as defined in Note 4 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements). The management agreement was terminated on August 18, 2022. Additionally, we recognize lease termination fees in the year that the lease is terminated and collection of the fee is probable. Amounts recorded within other property income are accounted for at the point in time when control of the goods or services transfers to the customer and our performance obligation is satisfied. 
 
 Equity Method. In accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09 Topic 606 and ASC 610, Other Income-Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets , the Company recognizes its investment in Pillarstone OP under the equity method. 
 
 Development Properties. Land, buildings and improvements are recorded at cost. Expenditures related to the development of real estate are carried at cost which includes capitalized carrying charges and development costs. Carrying charges (interest, real estate taxes, loan fees, and direct and indirect development costs related to buildings under construction), are capitalized as part of construction in progress. The capitalization of such costs ceases when the property, or any completed portion, becomes available for occupancy. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 455,000 and 281,000 in interest expense and real estate taxes, respectively, were capitalized. For the year ended December 31, 2021, approximately 414,000 and 291,000 in interest expense and real estate taxes, respectively, were capitalized. For the year ended December 31, 2020, approximately 481,000 and 306,000 in interest expense and real estate taxes, respectively, were capitalized. 
 
 Acquired Properties and Acquired Lease Intangibles. We allocate the purchase price of the acquired properties to land, building and improvements, identifiable intangible assets and to the acquired liabilities based on their respective fair values at the time of purchase. Identifiable intangibles include amounts allocated to acquired out-of-market leases, the value of in-place leases, the value of the ground lease and customer relationship value, if any. We determine fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize appropriate discount and capitalization rates and available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known trends and specific market and economic conditions that may affect the property. Factors considered by management in our analysis of determining the as-if-vacant property value include an estimate of carrying costs during the expected lease-up periods considering market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, management includes real estate taxes, insurance and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, tenant demand and other economic conditions. Management also estimates costs to execute similar leases including leasing commissions, tenant improvements, legal and other related expenses. Intangibles related to out-of-market leases and in-place lease value are recorded as acquired lease intangibles and are amortized as an adjustment to rental revenue or amortization expense, as appropriate, over the remaining terms of the underlying leases. Premiums or discounts on acquired out-of-market debt are amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of such debt. The Company also utilizes valuations from independent real estate appraisal firms. 
 
 Depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of 3 to 43 years for improvements and buildings. Tenant improvements are depreciated using the straight-line method over the life of the improvement or remaining term of the lease, whichever is shorter. 
 
 Impairment. We review our properties for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets, including accrued rental income, may not be recoverable through operations. The first step of the impairment test is to determine whether an indicator of impairment is present. If an indicator of impairment is present, we determine whether an impairment in value has occurred by comparing the estimated future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges), including the estimated residual value of the property, with the carrying cost of the property. If impairment is indicated, a loss will be recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the property exceeds its fair value. Management has determined that there has been no impairment in the carrying value of our real estate assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Accrued Rents and Accounts Receivable. Included in accrued rents and accounts receivable are base rents, tenant reimbursements and receivables attributable to recording rents on a straight-line basis. We review the collectability of charges under our tenant operating leases on a regular basis, taking into consideration changes in factors such as the tenant s payment history, the financial condition of the tenant, business conditions in the industry in which the tenant operates and economic conditions in the area where the property is located including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on tenants businesses and financial condition. We recognize an adjustment to rental revenue if we deem it probable that the receivable will not be collected. Our review of collectability under our operating leases includes any accrued rental revenues related to the straight-line method of reporting rental revenue. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an allowance for uncollectible accounts of 13.8 million and 14.9 million, respectively. For the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded an adjustment to rental revenue in the amount of 1.2 million, (0.1) million and 5.6 million, respectively. Included in the adjustment to rental revenue for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, was a bad debt adjustment of 0.6 million and 0.1 million, respectively, and a straight-line rent reserve adjustment of 0.3 million and 0.9 million, respectively, related to credit loss for the conversion of 80 and 59 tenants, respectively, to cash basis revenue as a result of COVID-19 collectability analysis. 

40

Table of Contents 

Unamortized Lease Commissions and Loan Costs. Leasing commissions are amortized using the straight-line method over the terms of the related lease agreements. Loan costs are amortized on the straight-line method over the terms of the loans, which approximates the interest method. Costs allocated to in-place leases whose terms differ from market terms related to acquired properties are amortized over the remaining life of the respective leases. 
 
 Prepaids and Other Assets. Prepaids and other assets include escrows established pursuant to certain mortgage financing arrangements for real estate taxes and insurance and acquisition deposits which include earnest money deposits on future acquisitions. 
 
 Federal Income Taxes. We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 1999. As a REIT, we generally are not subject to federal income tax on income that we distribute to our shareholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to qualify to be taxed as a REIT, and we intend to operate so as to remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 State Taxes. We are subject to the Texas Margin Tax which is computed by applying the applicable tax rate (1 for us) to the profit margin, which, generally, will be determined for us as total revenue less a 30 standard deduction. Although the Texas Margin Tax is not an income tax, FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 applies to the Texas Margin Tax. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded a margin tax provision of 0.4 million, 0.4 million and 0.4 million, respectively. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments. Our financial instruments consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts and notes payable. The carrying value of cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable are representative of their respective fair values due to their short-term nature. The fair value of our long-term debt, consisting of fixed rate secured notes, variable rate secured notes and an unsecured revolving credit facility aggregate to approximately 579.7 million and 643.6 million as compared to the book value of approximately 626.0 million and 643.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of our long-term debt is estimated on a Level 2 basis (as provided by ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ), using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the borrowing rates currently available to us for loans with similar terms and maturities, discounting the future contractual interest and principal payments. 
 
 The fair value of our loan guarantee to Pillarstone OP is estimated on a Level 3 basis (as provided by ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ), using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow analysis based on a discount rate, discounting the loan balance. The fair value of the loan guarantee is 0.1 million and 0.1 million as compared to the book value of approximately 0.1 million and 0.1 million a s of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Disclosure about fair value of financial instruments is based on pertinent information available to management as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Although management is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued for purposes of these financial statements since December 31, 2022, and current estimates of fair value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. 
 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. We utilize derivative financial instruments, principally interest rate swaps, to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. We have established policies and procedures for risk assessment, and the approval, reporting and monitoring of derivative financial instruments. We recognize our interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges with the effective portion of the changes in fair value recorded in comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged transaction affects earnings. Any ineffective portion of a cash flow hedge s change in fair value is recorded immediately into earnings. Our cash flow hedges are determined using Level 2 inputs under ASC 820. Level 2 inputs represent quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable. As of December 31, 2022, we consider our cash flow hedges to be highly effective. 

41

Table of Contents 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements. In April 2020, the FASB issued guidance on the application of Topic 842, relating to concessions being made by lessors in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The guidance notes that it would be acceptable for entities to make an election to account for lease concessions relating to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic consistent with how those concessions would be accounted for under Topic 842 as though enforceable rights and obligations for those concessions existed, even if such enforceable rights and obligations are not explicitly contained in the lease contract. Thus, for concessions relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, an entity would not have to analyze each contract to determine whether enforceable rights and obligations for concessions exist in the contract, and would have the option to apply, or not to apply, the general lease modification guidance in Topic 842 as it stands. We have elected this option to account for lease concessions relating to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic consistent with how those concessions would be accounted for under Topic 842 as though enforceable rights and obligations for those concessions existed. Therefore, such concessions are not accounted for as a lease modification under Topic 842. 
 
 In March 2020 , the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-04 , Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 ), which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions affected by the discontinuation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or by another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. In January 2021 , the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2021-01 , Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope ASU 2021-01 ), which clarified the scope and application of the original guidance. We have elected this option and adopted ASU 2020-04 and ASU 2021-01 effective September 2022. There was no material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statement as a result of adopting this guidance. 

42

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table provides a general comparison of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands, except per share data): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Number of properties owned and operated 

57 

60 

Aggregate GLA (sq. ft.) (1) 

5,000,653 

5,205,966 

Ending occupancy rate - operating portfolio (1) 

94 

92 

Ending occupancy rate 

94 

91 

Total revenues 

139,421 

125,365 

Total operating expenses 

93,068 

90,897 

Total other expense 

10,370 

24,272 

Income before equity investment in real estate partnership and income tax 

35,983 

10,196 

Equity in earnings of real estate partnership 

239 

609 

Provision for income tax 

(422) 

(385) 

Income from continuing operations 

35,800 

10,420 

Gain on sale of property from discontinued operations 

1,833 

Net income 

35,800 

12,253 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

530 

205 

Net income attributable to Whitestone REIT 

35,270 

12,048 

Funds from operations (2) 

52,193 

40,705 

Property net operating income (3) 

99,261 

90,207 

Distributions paid on common shares and OP units 

23,304 

19,651 

Distributions per common share and OP unit 

0.4675 

0.4283 

Distributions paid as a percentage of funds from operations 

45 

48 

(1) 
 Excludes (i) new acquisitions, through the earlier of attainment of 90 occupancy or 18 months of ownership, and (ii) properties that are undergoing significant redevelopment or re-tenanting. 

(2) 
 For an explanation and reconciliation of funds from operations, a non-GAAP metric, to net income, see Funds From Operations below. 

(3) 
 For an explanation and reconciliation of property net operating income, a non-GAAP metric, to net income, see Property Net Operating Income below. 

43

Table of Contents 

We define Same Stores as properties that have been owned for the entire period being compared. For purposes of comparing the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021, Same Stores include properties owned during the entire period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022. We define Non-Same Stores as properties acquired since the beginning of the period being compared and properties that have been sold, but not classified as discontinued operations. 
 
 Revenues. The primary components of revenue are detailed in the table below (in thousands, except percentages): 

Year Ended December 31, 

Revenue 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Same Store 

Rental revenues (1) 

93,330 

86,846 

6,484 

7 

Recoveries (2) 

34,919 

31,378 

3,541 

11 

Bad debt (3) 

(993) 

101 

(1,094) 

(1083) 

Total rental 

127,256 

118,325 

8,931 

8 

Other revenues 

842 

875 

(33) 

(4) 

Same Store Total 

128,098 

119,200 

8,898 

7 

Non-Same Store and Management Fees 

Rental revenues (4) 

7,783 

4,013 

3,770 

94 

Recoveries (4) 

3,324 

1,550 

1,774 

114 

Bad debt (4) 

(163) 

(11) 

(152) 

1382 

Total rental 

10,944 

5,552 

5,392 

97 

Other revenues (4) 

20 

45 

(25) 

(56) 

Management fees 

359 

568 

(209) 

(37) 

Non-Same Store and Management Fees Total 

11,323 

6,165 

5,158 

84 

Total revenue 

139,421 

125,365 

14,056 

11 

(1) 
 The Same Store tenant rent increase of 6,484,000 resulted from an increase of 2,571,000 from the increase in the average leased square feet to 4,396,387 from 4,269,952, and by the increase of 3,913,000 from the average rent per leased square foot increasing from 20.34 to 21.23. Included in the average rent per leased square feet mentioned above are Same Store rental revenue decreases of 281,000 and 865,000 from straight-line rent write offs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively, as a result of converting 80 and 59 tenants, respectively, to cash basis accounting. 

(2) 
 The Same Store recoveries revenue increase of 3,541,000 is primarily attributable to increases in operating and maintenance expenses. Operating expenses generally decreased as a result of cost saving initiatives during the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021 and increased back to normal levels in 2022. Our recovery revenue from tenants generally increases as the related operating and real estate tax expenses increase. 

(3) 
 During the year ended December 30, 2022 and 2021, Same Store bad debt includes an adjustment of 570,000 and 142,000, respectively, from cash basis accounting. 

(4) 
 Non-Same Store rental revenue includes Lakeside Market (acquired on July 8, 2021), Anderson Arbor (acquired on December 1, 2021), Dana Park Pad (acquired on December 2, 2022), Lake Woodlands Crossing (acquired on December 21. 2022), Bissonnet/Beltway (sold on October 31, 2022), South Richey (sold on November 10, 2022), Desert Canyon (sold on November 16, 2022), Gilbert Tuscany Village Hard Corner (sold on November 14, 2022), and Pima Norte (sold on November 30, 2022). 

44

Table of Contents 

Operating expenses. The primary components of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are detailed in the table below (in thousands, except percentages): 

Year Ended December 31, 

Operating Expenses 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Same Store 

Operating and maintenance (1) 

23,226 

20,427 

2,799 

14 

Real estate taxes 

15,878 

15,912 

(34) 

(0) 

Same Store total 

39,104 

36,339 

2,765 

8 

Non-Same Store and affiliated company rents 

Operating and maintenance (2) 

1,991 

1,234 

757 

61 

Real estate taxes (2) 

1,729 

850 

879 

103 

Affiliated company rents (3) 

471 

899 

(428) 

(48) 

Non-Same Store and affiliated company rents total 

4,191 

2,983 

1,208 

40 

Depreciation and amortization (2) 

31,707 

28,950 

2,757 

10 

General and administrative (4) 

18,066 

22,625 

(4,559) 

(20) 

Total operating expenses 

93,068 

90,897 

2,171 

2 

(1) 
 The 2,799,000 increase in Same Store operating and maintenance costs included 1,014,000 in increased repairs, 553,000 in increased labor, 485,000 in increased contract services, 440,000 in increased utilities, 276,000 in increased insurance costs, 31,000 in other costs. 

(2) 
 Non-Same Store operating and maintenance and real estate taxes includes Lakeside Market (acquired on July 8, 2021), Anderson Arbor (acquired on December 1, 2021), Dana Park Pad (acquired on December 2, 2022), Lake Woodlands Crossing (acquired on December 21. 2022), Bissonnet/Beltway (sold on October 31, 2022), South Richey (sold on November 10, 2022), Desert Canyon (sold on November 16, 2022), Gilbert Tuscany Village Hard Corner (sold on November 14, 2022), and Pima Norte (sold on November 30, 2022). 

(3) 
 Affiliated company rents are spaces that we lease from Pillarstone OP. Eight lease agreements were terminated on August 23, 2022, and the two remaining leases are scheduled to expire on January 31, 2023 and February 28, 2023. 

(4) 
 The general and administrative expense decrease is attributable to 1,516,000 in increased legal expenses, 227,000 in professional fees, 175,000 in contract labor, and 321,000 in other costs, offset by decreases from 2,338,000 in payroll costs and 4,460,000 in share-based compensation. The increase in legal expenses, and the decrease in payroll and share based compensation during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relate to leadership changes and associated litigations. 

45

Table of Contents 

Other expenses (income). The primary components of other expenses (income) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are detailed in the table below (in thousands, except percentages): 

Year Ended December 31, 

Other Expenses (Income) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Interest expense (1) 

27,193 

24,564 

2,629 

11 

Gain on sale of properties, net (2) 

(16,950) 

(266) 

(16,684) 

6272 

Loss on disposal of assets, net 

192 

90 

102 

113 

Interest, dividend and other investment income 

(65) 

(116) 

51 

(44) 

Total other expense 

10,370 

24,272 

(13,902) 

(57) 

(1) 
 The 2,629,000 increase in interest expense is attributable to a increase in our effective interest rate to 4.07 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 3.71 for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting in a 2,319,000 increase in interest expense, and an increase in our average outstanding notes payable balance of 4,389,000 that resulted in 163,000 in increased interest expense. Amortization of loan fees increased interest expense by 3,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The interest expense increase is attributable to rising interest rates. We expect interest expense to increase in the future due to rising interest rates. 147,000 of the increase in interest is attributable to extinguishment of debt costs for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(2) 
 On October 31, 2022, we completed the sale of Bissonnet Beltway Plaza, located in Houston, Texas, for 5.4 million. We recorded a gain on sale of 4.4 million. On November 10, 2022, we completed the sale of South Richey, located in Houston, Texas, for 13.1 million. We recorded a gain on sale of 9.9 million. On November 14, 2022, we completed the sale of Gilbert Tuscany Village Hard Corner, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, for 2.5 million. We recorded a gain on sale of 0.8 million. On November 16, 2022, we completed the sale of Desert Canyon, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, for 9.3 million. We recorded a gain on sale of 5.1 million. On November 21, 2022, we completed the sale of Spoerlein Commons Pad, located in Buffalo Grove, Illinois, for 2.2 million. We recorded a gain on sale of 0.7 million. On November 30, 2022, we completed the sale of Pima Norte, located in Carefree, Arizona, for 3.3 million. We recorded a loss on sale of 4.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a 0.3 million gain in connection with the sale of a retail building we completed on November 19, 2016. In 2016, we provided seller-financing for the retail building, Webster Pointe, and deferred the seller-financed portion of the gain until the principal payments were received. The purchaser of the building paid the remaining principal balance of 0.3 million during 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we have recognized all of the deferred gains associated with the retail building. 

Equity in earnings of real estate partnership. Our estimated equity in earnings of real estate partnership, which is generated from our 81.4 ownership of Pillarstone OP, decreased 370,000 from 609,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 239,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Please refer to Note 4 (Investment in Real Estate Partnership) to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our investment in Pillarstone OP. 
 
 Gain on sale of property from discontinued operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a 1.8 million gain in connection with the sale of three office buildings we completed on December 31, 2014. We provided seller-financing for the office buildings, Zeta, Royal Crest and Featherwood, and deferred the gain until principal payments on the seller-financed loans were received. The purchaser of the office buildings paid the remaining principal balance of 1.8 million during 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we have recognized all the deferred gains associated with the three office buildings. 

46

Table of Contents 

Same Store net operating income. The components of Same Store net operating income is detailed in the table below (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase 

Increase 

2022 

2021 

(Decrease) 

(Decrease) 

Same Store (48 properties, excluding development land) 

Property revenues 

Rental 

127,256 

118,325 

8,931 

8 

Management, transaction and other fees 

842 

875 

(33) 

(4) 

Total property revenues 

128,098 

119,200 

8,898 

7 

Property expenses 

Property operation and maintenance 

23,226 

20,427 

2,799 

14 

Real estate taxes 

15,878 

15,912 

(34) 

(0) 

Total property expenses 

39,104 

36,339 

2,765 

8 

Total property revenues less total property expenses 

88,994 

82,861 

6,133 

7 

Same Store straight-line rent adjustments 

(1,181) 

(1,371) 

190 

(14) 

Same Store amortization of above/below market rents 

(949) 

(832) 

(117) 

14 

Same Store lease termination fees 

(135) 

(280) 

145 

(52) 

Same Store NOI (1) 

86,729 

80,378 

6,351 

8 

(1) 
 See below for a reconciliation of property net operating income to net income. 

47

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 

PROPERTY NET OPERATING INCOME NOI 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net income attributable to Whitestone REIT 

35,270 

12,048 

General and administrative expenses 

18,066 

22,625 

Depreciation and amortization 

31,707 

28,950 

Equity in earnings of real estate partnership (1) 

(239) 

(609) 

Interest expense 

27,193 

24,564 

Interest, dividend and other investment income 

(65) 

(116) 

Provision for income taxes 

422 

385 

Gain on sale of property from continuing operations 

(16,950) 

(266) 

Gain on sale of property from discontinued operations 

(1,833) 

Management fee, net of related expenses 

112 

331 

(Gain) loss on sale or disposal of assets, net 

192 

90 

NOI of real estate partnership (pro rata) (1) 

3,023 

3,833 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

530 

205 

NOI 

99,261 

90,207 

Non-Same Store NOI (2) 

(7,244) 

(3,513) 

NOI of real estate partnership (pro rata) (1) 

(3,023) 

(3,833) 

NOI less Non-Same Store NOI and NOI of real estate partnership (pro rata) 

88,994 

82,861 

Same Store straight-line rent adjustments 

(1,181) 

(1,371) 

Same Store amortization of above/below market rents 

(949) 

(832) 

Same Store lease termination fees 

(135) 

(280) 

Same Store NOI (3) 

86,729 

80,378 

(1) 
 We rely on reporting provided to us by our third-party partners for financial information regarding the Company's investment in Pillarstone OP. Because Pillarstone OP financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have not been made available to us, we have estimated equity in earnings and pro rata share of NOI of real estate partnership based on the information available to us at the time of this report. 

(2) 
 We define Non-Same Stores as properties that have been acquired since the beginning of the period being compared and properties that have been sold, but not classified as discontinued operations. For purposes of comparing the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, Non-Same Stores include properties acquired between January 1, 2021 and December 31, 2022 and properties sold between January 1, 2021 and December 31, 2022, but not included in discontinued operations. 

(3) 
 We define Same Stores as properties that have been owned during the entire period being compared. For purposes of comparing the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, Same Stores include properties owned before January 1, 2021 and not sold before December 31, 2022. Straight line rent adjustments, above/below market rents, and lease termination fees are excluded. 

48

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 For a discussion and comparison of the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 with the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022. 

49

Table of Contents 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Funds From Operations (NAREIT) FFO and Normalized FFO 
 
 The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT defines FFO as net income (loss) available to common shareholders computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding depreciation and amortization related to real estate, gains or losses from the sale of certain real estate assets, gains and losses from change in control, and impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity. We calculate FFO in a manner consistent with the NAREIT definition and also include adjustments for our unconsolidated real estate partnership. 
 
 Normalized Funds from Operations Normalized FFO is a non-GAAP measure. We define Normalized FFO as FFO excluding extinguishment of debt costs and gain on loan forgiveness. 
 
 Management uses FFO as a supplemental measure to conduct and evaluate our business because there are certain limitations associated with using GAAP net income (loss) alone as the primary measure of our operating performance. 
 
 Historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Because real estate values instead have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, management believes that the presentation of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting is insufficient by itself. In addition, securities analysts, investors and other interested parties use FFO as the primary metric for comparing the relative performance of equity REITs. 
 
 FFO and Normalized FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income or other measurements under GAAP, as an indicator of our operating performance or to cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities as a measure of liquidity. FFO and Normalized FFO does not reflect working capital changes, cash expenditures for capital improvements or principal payments on indebtedness. Although our calculation of FFO is consistent with that of NAREIT, there can be no assurance that FFO and Normalized FFO presented by us is comparable to similarly titled measures of other REITs. 

50

Table of Contents 

Below are the calculations of FFO and Normalized FFO and the reconciliations to net income, which we believe is the most comparable GAAP financial measure (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

FFO (NAREIT) AND NORMALIZED FFO 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income attributable to Whitestone REIT 

35,270 

12,048 

6,034 

Adjustments to reconcile to FFO: (1) 

Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets 

31,538 

28,806 

28,096 

Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets of real estate partnership (pro rata) (2) 

1,613 

1,674 

1,673 

Loss on disposal of assets, net 

192 

90 

542 

Gain on sale of property from continuing operations, net 

(16,950) 

(266) 

(178) 

Gain on sale of property from discontinued operations 

(1,833) 

Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of properties or assets of real estate partnership (pro rata) (2) 

(19) 

91 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

530 

205 

117 

FFO (NAREIT) 

52,193 

40,705 

36,375 

Early debt extinguishment costs 

147 

Gain on loan forgiveness 

(1,734) 

Normalized FFO 

52,340 

40,705 

34,641 

(1) 
 Includes pro-rata share attributable to real estate partnership. 

(2) 
 We rely on reporting provided to us by our third-party partners for financial information regarding the Company's investment in Pillarstone OP. Because Pillarstone OP financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have not been made available to us, we have estimated depreciation and amortization and loss (gain) on sale or disposal of properties or assets of real estate partnership based on the information available to us at the time of this report. 

Property Net Operating Income NOI 
 
 NOI: Net Operating Income: Management believes that NOI is a useful measure of our property operating performance. We define NOI as operating revenues (rental and other revenues) less property and related expenses (property operation and maintenance and real estate taxes). Other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating NOI and, accordingly, our NOI may not be comparable to other REITs. Because NOI adjusts for general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, equity in earnings of real estate partnership, interest expense, interest dividend and other investment income, provision for income taxes, gain or loss on sale of property from discontinued operations, management fee, net of related expenses, gain or loss on sale or disposal of assets, gain on loan forgiveness, our pro rata share of NOI of equity method investments and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year-over-year, reflects the revenues and expenses directly associated with owning and operating commercial real estate properties and the impact to operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs, providing perspective not immediately apparent from net income. We use NOI to evaluate our operating performance since NOI allows us to evaluate the impact that factors such as occupancy levels, lease structure, lease rates and tenant base have on our results, margins and returns. In addition, management believes that NOI provides useful information to the investment community about our property and operating performance when compared to other REITs since NOI is generally recognized as a standard measure of property performance in the real estate industry. However, NOI should not be viewed as a measure of our overall financial performance since it does not reflect general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, interest income, provision for income taxes and gain or loss on sale or disposition of assets, the level of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties. 

51

Table of Contents 

Below is the calculation of NOI and the reconciliation to net income, which we believe is the most comparable GAAP financial measure (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

PROPERTY NET OPERATING INCOME NOI 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income attributable to Whitestone REIT 

35,270 

12,048 

6,034 

General and administrative expenses 

18,066 

22,625 

21,303 

Depreciation and amortization 

31,707 

28,950 

28,303 

Equity in earnings of real estate partnership (1) 

(239) 

(609) 

(921) 

Interest expense 

27,193 

24,564 

25,770 

Interest, dividend and other investment income 

(65) 

(116) 

(278) 

Provision for income taxes 

422 

385 

379 

Gain on sale of property from continuing operations 

(16,950) 

(266) 

(178) 

Gain on sale of property from discontinued operations 

(1,833) 

Management fee, net of related expenses 

112 

331 

334 

Loss on disposal of assets, net 

192 

90 

542 

Gain on loan forgiveness 

(1,734) 

NOI of real estate partnership (pro rata) (1) 

3,023 

3,833 

4,232 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

530 

205 

117 

NOI 

99,261 

90,207 

83,903 

(1) 
 We rely on reporting provided to us by our third-party partners for financial information regarding the Company's investment in Pillarstone OP. Because Pillarstone OP financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have not been made available to us, we have estimated equity in earnings and pro rata share of NOI of real estate partnership based on the information available to us at the time of this report. 

Taxes 
 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 1999. As a REIT, we generally are not subject to federal income tax on income that we distribute to our shareholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We believe that we are organized and operate in a manner to qualify and be taxed as a REIT, and we intend to operate so as to remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Guarantees We may guarantee the debt of a real estate partnership primarily because it allows the real estate partnership to obtain funding at a lower cost than could be obtained otherwise. This results in a higher return for the real estate partnership on its investment, and a higher return on our investment in the real estate partnership. We may receive a fee from the real estate partnership for providing the guarantee. Additionally, when we issue a guarantee, the terms of the real estate partnership s partnership agreement typically provide that we may receive indemnification from the real estate partnership or have the ability to increase our ownership interest. See Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information related to our guarantees of our real estate partnership s debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Our future income, cash flows and fair value relevant to our financial instruments depend upon prevailing market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. Based upon the nature of our operations, we are not subject to foreign exchange rate or commodity price risk. The principal market risk to which we are exposed is the risk related to interest rate fluctuations. Many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, and other factors that are beyond our control contribute to interest rate risk. Our interest rate risk objective is to limit the impact of interest rate fluctuations on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. To achieve this objective, we manage our exposure to fluctuations in market interest rates for our borrowings through the use of fixed rate debt instruments to the extent that reasonably favorable rates are obtainable. 
 
 All of our financial instruments were entered into for other than trading purposes. 

52

Table of Contents 

Fixed Interest Rate Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 522.5 million, or approximately 83 , of our outstanding debt was subject to fixed interest rates, which limit the risk of fluctuating interest rates. Though a change in the market interest rates affects the fair market value, it does not impact net income to shareholders or cash flows. Our total outstanding fixed interest rate debt has an average effective interest rate as of December 31, 2022 of approximately 5.12 per annum with expirations ranging from 2022 to 2029 (see Note 8 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for further detail). Holding other variables constant, a 1 increase or decrease in interest rates would cause an 18.9 million decline or increase in the fair value for our fixed rate debt. 
 
 Variable Interest Rate Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 103.5 million, or approximately 17 , of our outstanding debt was subject to floating interest rates of SOFR plus 1.50 to 2.10 and not currently subject to a hedge. The impact of a 1 increase or decrease in interest rates on our floating rate debt would result in a decrease or increase, respectively, of annual net income of approximately 1.0 m illion. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 The information required by this Item 8 is incorporated by reference to our accompanying consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In performing this evaluation, management reviewed the selection, application and monitoring of our historical accounting policies. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that as of December 31, 2022, these disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in our reports filed with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide a reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its CEO and CFO, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), the Company's management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

53

Table of Contents 

The Company's independent registered public accounting firm has issued a report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, which appears on page F-4 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company's system of internal control over financial reporting was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the Company s quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting other than the remediation of material weakness discussed above. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 None. 

54

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to such information as set forth in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to such information as set forth in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 
 The following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Number of securities 

remaining available for 

future issuance under 

Number of securities to 

Weighted-average 

equity compensation 

be issued upon exercise 

exercise price of 

plans (excluding 

of outstanding options, 

outstanding options, 

securities reflected in 

Plan Category 
 
 warrants and rights 

warrants and rights 

column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

(1) 

1,739,465 
 
 (2) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

(3) 

Total 

1,739,465 

(1) 
 Excludes 1,008,124 common shares subject to outstanding restricted common share units granted pursuant to our 2008 Long-Term Equity Incentive Ownership Plan, as amended (the 2008 Plan and 3,043,676 common shares granted pursuant to our 2018 Long-Term Equity Incentive Ownership Plan (the 2018 Plan ). 

(2) 
 At our annual meeting of shareholders on May 11, 2017, our shareholders voted to approve the 2018 Plan. The 2018 Plan provides for the issuance of up to 3,433,831 common shares and OP units pursuant to awards under the 2018 Plan. The 2018 Plan became effective on July 30, 2018, which is the day after the 2008 Plan expired. 

(3) 
 Excludes 8,333 restricted common shares issued to trustees outside the 2008 Plan. 

The remaining information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to such information as set forth in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 The information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to such information as set forth in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

55

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

1. 
 Financial Statements. The list of our financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is set forth on page F-1 herein. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

a. 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

b. 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 

All other financial statement schedules have been omitted because the required information of such schedules is not present, is not present in amounts sufficient to require a schedule or is included in the consolidated financial statements. 

3. 
 Exhibits. The list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K is submitted on the Exhibit Index attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 

56

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

1.1 
 Form of Distribution Agreement (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 9, 2022) 

3.1.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Whitestone REIT (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 31, 2008) 

3.1.2 
 Articles Supplementary (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 6, 2006) 

3.1.3 
 Articles of Amendment (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 24, 2010) 

3.1.4 
 Articles of Amendment (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 24, 2010) 

3.1.5 
 Articles Supplementary (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 24, 2010) 

3.1.6 
 Articles of Amendment (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 27, 2012) 

3.1.7 
 Articles of Amendment (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 27, 2012) 

3.1.8 
 Articles of Amendment (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.8 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 2, 2020) 

3.1.9 
 Articles Supplementary for Series A Preferred Shares (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 15, 2020) 

3.2.1 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Whitestone REIT (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 24, 2020) 

3.2.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Whitestone REIT (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 19, 2022) 

3.2.3 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Whitestone REIT (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 30, 2022) 

4.1 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

4.2.1 
 Rights Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, between Whitestone REIT and American Stock Transfer Trust, LLC, as Rights Agent (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 15, 2020) 

4.2.2 
 First Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated April 21, 2021, between Whitestone REIT and American Stock Transfer Trust, LLC, as Rights Agent (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 23, 2021) 

4.2.3 
 Second Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated February 7, 2022, between Whitestone REIT and American Stock Transfer Trust, LLC, as Rights Agent (previously filed and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 11, 2022) 

10.1 
 Agreement of Limited Partnership of Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, filed on April 30, 2003) 

10.2 
 Certificate of Formation of Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership II GP, LLC (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, filed on April 30, 2003) 

10.3 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership II GP, LLC (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, filed on April 30, 2003) 

10.4 
 Agreement of Limited Partnership of Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership II, L.P. (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, filed on April 30, 2003) 

10.5 
 Amendment to the Agreement of Limited Partnership of Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. (previously filed in and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-111674, filed on December 31, 2003) 

10.6 
 OP Unit Purchase Agreement, dated December 8, 2016, among Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, L.P., Pillarstone Capital REIT and Pillarstone Capital REIT Operating Partnership LP (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 9, 2016) 

10.7 
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Pillarstone Capital REIT Operating Partnership LP, dated December 8, 2016 (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 9, 2016) 

57

Table of Contents 

10.8+ 
 2018 Long-Term Equity Incentive Ownership Plan (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 12, 2017) 

10.9 
 Second Amendment and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2019, among Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, L.P., Whitestone REIT, et all., as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 6, 2019) 

10.10 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2022, among Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, L.P., Whitestone REIT, et al., as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 19, 2022). 

10.11 
 Note and Guarantee Agreement, dated March 22, 2019, among Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. and Whitestone REIT, the Initial Subsidiary Guarantors named therein, and the Purchasers named therein (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 28, 2019). 

10.12 
 First Amendment to Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, by and among Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. and Whitestone REIT, the Initial Subsidiary Guarantors named therein, and the Purchasers named therein (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 22, 2022). 

10.13+ 
 Form of Restricted Common Share Unit Award Agreement (Time-Vested) (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on October 30, 2020). 

10.14+ 
 Form of Restricted Common Share Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Vested) (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on October 30, 2020). 

10.15 
 Severance and Change in Control Agreement dated as of May 23, 2022 among Whitestone REIT and David K. Holeman (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 27, 2022). 

10.16 
 Severance and Change in Control Agreement dated as of May 23, 2022 among Whitestone REIT and Christine Mastandrea (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 27, 2022) 

10.17 
 Severance and Change in Control Agreement dated as of May 23, 2022 among Whitestone REIT and J. Scott Hogan (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 27, 2022). 

10.18 
 Severance and Change in Control Agreement dated as of May 23, 2022 among Whitestone REIT and Peter A Tropoli (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 27, 2022). 

10.19 
 Severance and Change in Control Agreement dated as of May 23, 2022 among Whitestone REIT and Soklin Michelle Siv (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 27, 2022). 

10.20+ 
 Form of Restricted Common Share Unit Award Agreement (time-based) (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 6, 2021). 

10.21+ 
 Form of Restricted Common Share Unit Award Agreement (performance-based) (previously filed as and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 6, 2021). 

58

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of Whitestone REIT 

23.1 
 Consent of Pannell Kerr Forster of Texas, P.C. 

24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page hereto) 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 The following financial information of the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 (unaudited) and December 31, 2021, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (unaudited), (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (unaudited), (iv) the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (unaudited) and (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited). 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document and in Exhibit 101. 

________________________ 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 + Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

59

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WHITESTONE REIT 

Date: 
 March 8, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David K. Holeman 

David K. Holeman, CEO 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENT, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David K. Holeman and John S. Hogan, and each of them, acting individually, as his attorney-in-fact, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

March 8, 2023 
 /s/ David K. Holeman 

David K. Holeman, CEO 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

March 8, 2023 
 /s/ John S. Hogan 

John S. Hogan, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

March 8, 2023 
 /s/ David F. Taylor 

David F. Taylor, Chairman 

March 8, 2023 
 /s/ Nandita Berry 

Nandita Berry, Trustee 

March 8, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffrey A. Jones 

Jeffrey A. Jones, Trustee 

March 8, 2023 
 /s/ Paul T. Lambert 

Paul T. Lambert, Trustee 

March 8, 2023 
 /s/ Amy S. Feng 

Amy S. Feng, Trustee 

60

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 10 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 12 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 14 
 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 43 
 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 44 

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted. 

F-1

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders of 
 Whitestone REIT: 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Whitestone REIT and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the Consolidated Financial Statements ). In our opinion, the Consolidated Financial Statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated March 8, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These Consolidated Financial Statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the Consolidated Financial Statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Impairment Assessment of Real Estate Assets and Investment in Real Estate Partnership 
 
 As described in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, management reviews properties for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets, including accrued rental income, may not be recoverable through operations. The first step of the impairment test is to determine whether an indicator of impairment is present. If an indicator of impairment is present, management determines if an impairment in value has occurred by comparing the estimated future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges), including the estimated residual value of the property, with the carrying cost of the property. Actual results could differ from estimates supporting the Company s impairment analysis. If management s analysis indicates an impairment, a loss will be recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the property exceeds its fair value. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1 billion in real estate assets, net of accumulated depreciation, and 35 million of investment in real estate partnership, with no impairment recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F-2

Table of Contents 

We identified management s impairment assessment as a critical audit matter primarily because of the significant estimates involved in management s impairment analysis, as these estimates resulted in audit procedures involving a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity and challenges in obtaining and evaluating audit evidence. 
 
 Our testing procedures to address this critical audit matter included the following: 
 
 testing the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting applicable to management s impairment assessment, including controls pertaining to management s estimates supporting the impairment analysis; 

evaluating the methodology used by management in its impairment analysis; 

evaluating the accuracy of occupancy rates used by management in its impairment analysis; 

recalculating individual property net operating income using audited account balances; 

evaluating inputs used for undiscounted cash flow assessment, including consideration of occupancy rates and individual property net operating income, as discussed above; 

evaluating management's analysis of market trends and identification of properties requiring further assessment; 

evaluating the use of a specialist for property valuation in accordance with Auditing Standard AS 1105; 

evaluating market and fair value data used by management; and 

evaluating the Company s assessment of the potential impact of the Pillarstone REIT rights agreement on the value of the Company s investment in real estate partnership. 

Acquisitions of Real Estate Assets 
 
 As described in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, management allocates the purchase price of acquired properties to land, buildings and improvements, identifiable intangible assets, and to be acquired liabilities based on respective fair values at the time of purchase. Management determines fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize appropriate discount and capitalization rates and available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known trends, and specific market and economic conditions that may affect the property. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired Dana Park Pad and Lake Woodlands Crossing for 4.9 million and 22.5 million, respectively, in cash and net prorations. 
 
 We identified acquisitions of real estate as a critical audit matter primarily because of the significant estimates involved in management s purchase price allocation, as these estimates resulted in audit procedures involving a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity and challenges in obtaining and evaluating audit evidence. 
 
 Our testing procedures to address this critical audit matter included the following: 
 
 testing the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting applicable to management s purchase price allocation, including controls pertaining to management s estimates supporting the purchase price allocation; 

evaluating the methodology used by management in its purchase price allocation; 

evaluating the consistency of the purchase price allocation with acquisition documents, payment transactions, and other supporting information; and 

evaluating the use of a specialist for property valuation and purchase price allocation in accordance with AS 1105. 

/s/ Pannell Kerr Forster of Texas, P.C. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditors since 2002. 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 8, 2023 

F-3

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders of 
 Whitestone REIT: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Whitestone REIT and subsidiaries (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows of the Company, and our report dated March 8, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

March 8, 2023 

F-4

Table of Contents 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 ASSETS 
 Real estate assets, at cost 
 Property 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 Total real estate assets 
 Investment in real estate partnership 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Escrows and acquisition deposits 
 Accrued rents and accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Receivable due from related party 
 Unamortized lease commissions, legal fees and loan costs 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets (1) 
 Finance lease right-of-use assets 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Liabilities: 
 Notes payable 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses (2) 
 Payable due to related party 
 Tenants' security deposits 
 Dividends and distributions payable 
 Finance lease liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies: 
 Equity: 
 Preferred shares, 0.001 par value per share; 50,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common shares, 0.001 par value per share; 400,000,000 shares authorized; 49,422,716 and 49,144,153 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Total Whitestone REIT shareholders' equity 
 Noncontrolling interest in subsidiary 
 Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 

See the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-5

Table of Contents 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands) 

December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 (1) Operating lease right of use assets (net) 
 (2) Operating lease liabilities 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-6

Table of Contents 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues 

Rental (1) 

Management, transaction, and other fees 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating and maintenance 

Real estate taxes 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Other expenses (income) 

Interest expense 

Gain on sale of properties, net 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on disposal of assets, net 

Gain on loan forgiveness 

() 

Interest, dividend and other investment income 

() 

() 

() 

Total other expenses 

Income before equity investment in real estate partnership and income tax 

Equity in earnings of real estate partnership 

Provision for income tax 

() 

() 

() 

Income from continuing operations 

Gain on sale of property from discontinued operations 

Income from discontinued operations 

Net income 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net income attributable to Whitestone REIT 

See the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-7

Table of Contents 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Basic Earnings Per Share: 

Income from continuing operations attributable to Whitestone REIT, excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares 

Income from discontinued operations attributable to Whitestone REIT 

Net income attributable to common shareholders, excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares 

Diluted Earnings Per Share: 

Income from continuing operations attributable to Whitestone REIT, excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares 

Income from discontinued operations attributable to Whitestone REIT 

Net income attributable to common shareholders, excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedging activities 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Whitestone REIT 

() 

See the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-8

Table of Contents 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(1) Rental 

Rental revenues 

Recoveries 

Bad debt 

() 

() 

Total rental 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-9

Table of Contents 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except per share and unit data) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Noncontrolling 

Common Shares 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Shareholders 

Interests 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Gain (Loss) 

Equity 

Units 

Dollars 

Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Exchange of noncontrolling interest OP units for common shares 

() 

() 

Issuance of common shares under dividend reinvestment plan 

Issuance of common shares - ATM Program, net of offering costs 

Exchange offer costs 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common shares (1) 

(178) 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized loss on change in fair value of cash flow hedge 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Reallocation of ownership percentage between parent and subsidiary 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Exchange of noncontrolling interest OP units for common shares 

() 

() 

Issuance of common shares under dividend reinvestment plan 

Issuance of common shares - ATM Program, net of offering costs 

Exchange offer costs 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common shares (1) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain on change in fair value of cash flow hedge 

Reallocation of ownership percentage between parent and subsidiary 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

See the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-10

Table of Contents 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (in thousands, except per share and unit data) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Noncontrolling 

Common Shares 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Shareholders 

Interests 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Gain (Loss) 

Equity 

Units 

Dollars 

Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Exchange of noncontrolling interest OP units for common shares 

() 

() 

Issuance of common shares under dividend reinvestment plan 

Exchange offer costs 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common shares (1) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain on change in fair value of cash flow hedge 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

(1) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company acquired common shares held by employees who tendered owned common shares to satisfy the tax withholding on the lapse of certain restrictions on restricted shares. 

See the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-11

Table of Contents 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income from continuing operations 

Net income from discontinued operations 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of deferred loan costs 

Gain on sale of properties 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on disposal of assets 

Gain on loan forgiveness 

() 

Bad debt 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Equity in earnings of real estate partnership 

() 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Escrows and acquisition deposits 

() 

() 

() 

Accrued rents and accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Receivable due from related party 

() 

() 

Distributions from real estate partnership 

Unamortized lease commissions, legal fees and loan costs 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Payable due to related party 

() 

Tenants' security deposits 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisitions of real estate 

() 

() 

Acquisition of ground lease 

() 

Additions to real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales of properties 

Proceeds from note receivable 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by investing activities of discontinued operations 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Distributions paid to common shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions paid to OP unit holders 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares, net of offering costs 

Payments of exchange offer costs 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from bonds and notes payable 

Net proceeds from (payments of) credit facility 

() 

Repayments of notes payable 

() 

() 

() 

Payments of loan origination costs 

() 

Repurchase of common shares 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period (1) 

(1) 
 For a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, see supplemental disclosures below. 

See the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-12

Table of Contents 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Supplemental Disclosures 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Non cash investing and financing activities: 

Disposal of fully depreciated real estate 

Financed insurance premiums 

Value of shares issued under dividend reinvestment plan 

Value of common shares exchanged for OP units 

Change in fair value of cash flow hedge 

() 

Reallocation of ownership percentage between parent and subsidiary 

() 

() 

Property received as termination fee 

Recognition of finance lease liabilities 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

See the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-13

Table of Contents 

WHITESTONE REIT AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2022

common shares of beneficial interest of the Maryland entity. We serve as the general partner of Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. (the Operating Partnership or WROP or OP ), which was formed on December 31, 1998 as a Delaware limited partnership. We currently conduct substantially all of our operations and activities through the Operating Partnership. As the general partner of the Operating Partnership, we have the exclusive power to manage and conduct the business of the Operating Partnership, subject to certain customary exceptions. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we owned , , and commercial properties, respectively, in and around Austin, Chicago, Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, Phoenix and San Antonio. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , these properties consist of: 
 
 Consolidated Operating Portfolio 
 
 wholly-owned properties that meet our Community Centered Properties strategy; and 

Redevelopment, New Acquisitions Portfolio 
 
 wholly owned property, Lake Woodlands Crossing, that meets our Community Centered Properties containing approximately million square feet of GLA and having total carrying amounts (net of accumulated depreciation) of million. 

five parcels of land held for future development. 

As of December 31, 2022 , we, through our equity-method investment in Pillarstone Capital REIT Operating Partnership LP Pillarstone or Pillarstone OP ), owned a majority interest in eight properties that do not meet our Community Centered Property strategy containing approximately million square feet of GLA (the Pillarstone Properties ). We own of the total outstanding units of Pillarstone OP, which we account for using the equity method. We also managed the day-to-day operations of Pillarstone OP pursuant to a management agreement, which was terminated on August 18, 2022. 
 
 The global health crisis caused by COVID- 19 and the related responses intended to control its spread may continue to adversely affect business activity, particularly relating to our retail tenants, across the markets in which we operate. In light of the changing nature of the COVID- 19 pandemic, we are unable to predict the extent that its impact will have on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

million square feet of GLA. We own of the total outstanding units of Pillarstone OP. We also managed the day-to-day operations of Pillarstone OP pursuant to a management agreement, which was terminated on August 18, 2022. In this Annual Report on Form 10 -K, unless otherwise indicated, we do not include the Pillarstone Properties when we refer to our properties. 

million Note, due January 6, 2024, which is collateralized by our Anthem Marketplace property, we were required by the lenders thereunder to establish a cash management account controlled by the lenders to collect all amounts generated by our Anthem Marketplace property in order to collateralize such promissory note. 
 
 million, million and million in share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 At our annual meeting of shareholders on May 11, 2017, our shareholders voted to approve the 2018 Plan. The 2018 Plan provides for the issuance of up to common shares and OP units pursuant to awards under the 2018 Plan. The 2018 Plan became effective on July 30, 2018, which was the day after the 2008 Plan expired. 

and in interest expense and real estate taxes, respectively, were capitalized. For the year ended December 31, 2021 , approximately and in interest expense and real estate taxes, respectively, were capitalized. For the year ended December 31, 2020, approximately and in interest expense and real estate taxes, respectively, were capitalized. 

Acquired Properties and Acquired Lease Intangibles. We allocate the purchase price of the acquired properties to land, building and improvements, identifiable intangible assets and to the acquired liabilities based on their respective fair values at the time of purchase. Identifiable intangibles include amounts allocated to acquired out-of-market leases, the value of in-place leases, the value of the ground lease and customer relationship value, if any. We determine fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize appropriate discount and capitalization rates and available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known trends and sp ecific market and economic conditions that may affect the property. Factors considered by management in our analysis of determining the as-if-vacant property value include an estimate of carrying costs during the expected lease-up periods considering market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, management includes real estate taxes, insurance and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, tenant demand and other economic conditions. Management also estimates costs to execute similar leases including leasing commissions, tenant improvements, legal and other related expenses. Intangibles related to out-of-market leases and in-place lease value are recorded as acquired lease intangibles and are amortized as an adjustment to rental revenue or amortization expense, as appropriate, over the remaining terms of the underlying leases. Premiums or discounts on acquired out-of-market debt are amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of such debt. The Company also utilizes valuations from independent real estate appraisal firms. 
 
 to years for improvements and buildings. Tenant improvements are depreciated using the straight-line method over the life of the improvement or remaining term of the lease, whichever is shorter. 

million and million, respectively. For the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we recorded an adjustment to rental revenue in the amount of million, ) million and million, respectively. Included in the adjustment to rental revenue for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 , was a bad debt adjustment of million and million, respectively, and a straight-line rent reserve adjustment of million and million, respectively, related to credit loss for the conversion of and tenants, respectively, to cash basis revenue as a result of COVID- 19 collectability analysis. 

State Taxes. We are subject to the Texas Margin Tax, which is computed by applying the applicable tax rate for us) to the profit margin, which, generally, will be determined for us as total revenue less a standard deduction. Although the Texas Margin Tax is not considered an income tax, Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 applies to the Texas Margin Tax. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we recorded a margin tax provision of million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 million and million as compared to the book value of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The fair value of our long-term debt is estimated on a Level 2 basis (as provided by ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 )), using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the borrowing rates currently available to us for loans with similar terms and maturities, discounting the future contractual interest and principal payments. 
 
 The fair value of our loan guarantee to Pillarstone OP is estimated on a Level 3 basis (as provided by ASC 820 ), using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow analysis based on a discount rate, discounting the loan balance. The fair value of the loan guarantee is million and million as compared to the book value of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Disclosure about fair value of financial instruments is based on pertinent information available to management as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Although management is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued for purposes of these financial statements since December 31, 2022, and current estimates of fair value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. 

commercial properties in the Austin, Chicago, Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, Phoenix and San Antonio areas comprised of approximately million square feet of gross leasable area GLA ). Five of the 57 commercial properties are land parcels held for future development. 
 
 Property Acquisitions. 
 
 On December 21, 2022, we acquired Lake Woodlands Crossing, a property that meets our Community Centered Property strategy, for million in cash and net prorations. Lake Woodlands Crossing, a square foot property, was leased at the time of purchase and is located in The Woodlands, Texas. 
 
 On December 2, 2022 we acquired Dana Park Pad, a property that meets our Community Centered Property strategy, for million in cash and net prorations. Dana Park Pad, a square foot property, was leased at the time of purchase and is located in the Mesa submarket of Phoenix, Arizona. 
 
 On December 1, 2021 we acquired Anderson Arbor, a property that meets our Community Centered Property strategy, for million in cash and net prorations. Anderson Arbor, a square foot property, was leased at the time of purchase and is located in Austin, Texas. 
 
 On July 8, 2021, we acquired Lakeside Market, a property that meets our Community Centered Property strategy, for million in cash and net prorations. Lakeside Market, a square foot property, was leased at the time of purchase and is located in Plano, Texas. 
 
 Unaudited pro forma results of operations. The following unaudited pro forma results summarized below reflect our consolidated results of operations as if our acquisitions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were acquired on January 1, 2020. The unaudited consolidated pro forma results of operations is not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operations would have been, assuming the transactions had been completed as set forth above, nor do they purport to represent our results of operations for future periods. 

Net income 
 Net income attributable to Whitestone REIT (1) 
 Basic Earnings Per Share: 
 Diluted Earnings Per Share: 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

1 Net income attributable to Whitestone REIT reflects historical ownership percentages. 

Acquisition costs. Acquisition-related costs of million and million are capitalized in real estate assets in our balance sheets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. acquisition-related costs are included in general and administrative expenses in our statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended 2020. 

Property dispositions. 
 
 On November 30, 2022, we completed the sale of Pima Norte, located in Carefree, Arizona, for million. We recorded a loss on sale of million. 
 
 On November 21, 2022, we completed the sale of Spoerlein Commons Pad, located in Buffalo Grove, Illinois, for million. We recorded a gain on sale of million. 
 
 On November 16, 2022, we completed the sale of Desert Canyon, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, for million. We recorded a gain on sale of million. 
 
 On November 14, 2022, we completed the sale of Gilbert Tuscany Village Hard Corner, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, for million. We recorded a gain on sale of million. 
 
 On November 10, 2022, we completed the sale of South Richey, located in Houston, Texas, for million. We recorded a gain on sale of million. 
 
 On October 31, 2022, we completed the sale of Bissonnet Beltway Plaza, located in Houston, Texas, for million. We recorded a gain on sale of million. 

We have not included 2022 sold properties in discontinued operations as they did not meet the definition of discontinued operations. 
 
 During 2021, we received million in principal payments in connection with the sale of three office buildings we completed on December 31, 2014. We recorded a gain on sale of million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Previously, on April 24, 2019, we received a million principal payment in connection with this sale, and recorded a gain on sale of million during the year ended December 31, 2019. In 2014, we provided seller-financing for the office buildings, Zeta, Royal Crest and Featherwood, and deferred a million gain until principal payments on the seller-financed loan were received. We have included these gains in discontinued operations in the respective years of the principal payment receipts as both met the definition of discontinued operations at the date of sale. As of December 31, 2021, we have recognized all the deferred gains associated with the three office buildings. 
 
 On October 23, 2020, we received a million principal payment in connection with the Centre South seller-financed retail building mentioned above. We recorded a million gain when the principal payment on the seller-financed loan was received. We have not included the gain in discontinued operations as it did not meet the definition of discontinued operations at the date of the sale. 

non-core properties that did not fit our Community Centered Property strategy (the Pillarstone Properties ), to Pillarstone OP for aggregate consideration of approximately million, consisting of 1 approximately million of Class A units representing limited partnership interests in Pillarstone OP Pillarstone OP Units and 2 the assumption of approximately million of liabilities (collectively, the Contribution ). 
 
 In connection with the Contribution, Whitestone TRS, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company Whitestone TRS ), entered into a management agreement with the entities that own the contributed Pillarstone Properties (collectively, the Management Agreements ). Pursuant to the Management Agreements, Whitestone TRS agreed to provide certain property management, leasing and day-to-day advisory and administrative services. The management agreement was terminated on August 18, 2022. Prior to the termination of the Management Agreement, we reported approximately in property management fee income on a quarterly basis. 

In connection with the Contribution, on December 8, 2016, the Operating Partnership entered into a Tax Protection Agreement with Pillarstone REIT and Pillarstone OP pursuant to which Pillarstone OP agreed to indemnify the Operating Partnership for certain tax liabilities resulting from its recognition of income or gain prior to December 8, 2021 if such liabilities result from a transaction involving a direct or indirect taxable disposition of all or a portion of the Pillarstone Properties or if Pillarstone OP fails to maintain and allocate to the Operating Partnership for taxation purposes minimum levels of liabilities as specified in the Tax Protection Agreement, the result of which causes such recognition of income or gain and the Company incurs taxes that must be paid to maintain its REIT status for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we owned approximately of the total outstanding units of Pillarstone OP. 
 
 In accordance with ASU 2014 - 09 Topic 606 and ASC 610, Other Income-Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets , the Company recognizes its investment in Pillarstone OP under the equity method. 
 
 The table below presents the real estate partnership investment in which the Company held an ownership interest (in thousands): 

Total real estate partnership (2)(3)(4) 

1 The Company managed these real estate partnership investments and, where applicable, earned acquisition fees, leasing commissions, property management fees, and asset management fees. The management agreement was terminated on August 18, 2022. 

2 Representing eight property interests and million square feet of GLA, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

3 On December 26, 2021, the Board of Trustees of Pillarstone REIT adopted a new rights agreement (the Pillarstone Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which each holder of Pillarstone REIT common stock received one preferred share purchase right (a Right per common share held as of the applicable record date. Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from Pillarstone REIT one one -thousandth (a Unit of a series D preferred share of Pillarstone at a purchase price Purchase Price of per Unit, subject to adjustment. The Rights are exercisable upon the occurrence of certain events as described in the Pillarstone Rights Agreement, including the acquisition by certain holders of or more of the common shares of Pillarstone REIT (an Acquiring Person ). Upon the acquisition of Pillarstone REIT common shares by an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right (other than an Acquiring Person), will have the right to receive upon exercise a number of Pillarstone REIT common shares having a market value of two times the Purchase Price. As set forth in the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Pillarstone OP, dated as of December 8, 2016 the Pillarstone Partnership Agreement ), we have the contractual right to have our limited partnership interests in Pillarstone redeemed at our discretion. However, upon receipt of a redemption notice, Pillarstone OP has the option of the applicable redemption price in cash, based on the market value of Pillarstone REIT common shares, or in Pillarstone REIT common shares. To the extent we seek to have our partnership units in Pillarstone OP redeemed and Pillarstone OP elects to pay the applicable redemption price in Pillarstone REIT common shares (and such shares represent or more of the outstanding common shares of Pillarstone REIT), the Rights could become exercisable. To the extent the Rights are exercised as a result of our Pillarstone OP units being redeemed for Pillarstone REIT common shares, our ownership interest in Pillarstone REIT would be significantly diluted, which could adversely impact the value of our investment in Pillarstone OP. Because the Pillarstone Rights Agreement seeks to prevent Whitestone OP from exercising its contractual Redemption Right, on July 12, 2022, Whitestone OP filed suit against Pillarstone REIT in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware challenging the Pillarstone Rights Agreement due to Pillarstone REIT s breach of the Pillarstone OP partnership agreement, breach of its fiduciary duty as general partner of Pillarstone OP to Whitestone OP, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing under the Pillarstone OP partnership agreement. The lawsuit seeks rescission and voiding of the Pillarstone Rights Agreement; a declaration that the Pillarstone Rights Agreement is unenforceable, invalid, and of no force and effect; an order permanently enjoining enforcement of the Pillarstone Rights Agreement; an award of monetary damages; and broad restrictions on Pillarstone REIT s ability to conduct its business, including buying properties, enforcing the Rights Agreement, incurring expenses, or engaging in transactions. On September 8, 2022, the Company s Motion to Preserve the Status Quo was granted by the Court, limiting Pillarstone from engaging in any acts outside the ordinary course of business and otherwise imposing restrictions on Pillarstone to ensure that Whitestone s right of redemption right is not impaired while the underlying dispute is being considered by the Court. While we do not believe the overall impact of the Pillarstone Rights Agreement on the carrying value of our investment in Pillarstone OP is material, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of possible loss at this time. 

4 We rely on reporting provided to us by our third -party partners for financial information regarding the Company's investment in Pillarstone OP. Because Pillarstone OP financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have not been made available to us, we have estimated the value of the investment based on the information available to us at the time of this report. 

The table below presents the Company s share of net income from its investment in the real estate partnership which is included in equity in earnings of real estate partnership, net on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in thousands): 

Summarized financial information for the Company s investment in real estate partnership is as follows (in thousands): 

Other assets 
 Total assets (1) 
 Liabilities and equity: 
 Notes payable 
 Other liabilities 
 Equity 
 Total liabilities and equity (2) 
 Company s share of equity 
 Cost of investment in excess of the Company s share of underlying net book value 
 Carrying value of investment in real estate partnership (3) 

1 We rely on reporting provided to us by our third -party partners for financial information regarding the Company's investment in Pillarstone OP. Because Pillarstone OP financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have not been made available to us, we have estimated total assets and its components based on the information available to us at the time of this report. 

2 We rely on reporting provided to us by our third -party partners for financial information regarding the Company's investment in Pillarstone OP. Because Pillarstone OP financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have not been made available to us, we have estimated total liabilities and equity and its components based on the information available to us at the time of this report. 

3 We rely on reporting provided to us by our third -party partners for financial information regarding the Company's investment in Pillarstone OP. Because Pillarstone OP financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have not been made available to us, we have estimated the value of the investment based on the information available to us at the time of this report. 

Property expenses 
 Other expenses 
 Gain (loss) on sale of properties or disposal of assets 
 Net income (1) 

1 We rely on reporting provided to us by our third -party partners for financial information regarding the Company's investment in Pillarstone OP. Because Pillarstone OP financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have not been made available to us, we have estimated net income and its components based on the information available to us at the time of this report. 

The amortization of the basis difference between the cost of investment and the Company's share of underlying net book value for both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . The Company amortized the difference into equity in earnings of real estate partnership on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 The Company's maximum exposure to loss relating to Pillarstone OP is limited to its investment in Pillarstone OP and its guarantee of promissory notes issued to Pillarstone OP. Since the date of the Contribution, the Company has not provided financial support to Pillarstone OP that it was not previously contractually required to provide under the Management Agreements. 
 
 The Company has evaluated its guarantee to Pillarstone OP pursuant to ASC 460, Guarantees , and has determined the guarantee to be a performance guarantee, for which ASC 460 contains initial recognition and measurement requirements, and related disclosure requirements. The Company is obligated in two respects: (i) a noncontingent liability, which represents the Company s obligation to stand ready to perform under the terms of the guarantee in the event that the specified triggering event(s) occur; and (ii) the contingent liability, which represents the Company s obligation to make future payments if those triggering events occur. The Company recognized a noncontingent liability of at the inception of the guarantee at fair value and is recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as a liability. The Company amortizes the guarantee liability into income over seven years. For the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 , and 2020 , the amortization of the guarantee liability was , , and , respectively. 

Accrued rents and other recoveries 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Other receivables 
 Total 

Deferred legal cost 
 Deferred financing cost 
 Total cost 
 Less: leasing commissions accumulated amortization 
 Less: deferred legal cost accumulated amortization 
 Less: deferred financing cost accumulated amortization 
 Total cost, net of accumulated amortization 

A summary of expected future amortization of deferred costs is as follows (in thousands): 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

1 These amounts do not reflect future rental revenues from the renewal or replacement of existing leases and exclude reimbursements of operating expenses and rental increases that are not fixed. 

As a Lessee. We have office space, automobile, and office machine leases, which qualify as operating leases, with remaining lease terms of approximately one to five years. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had ground lease with the lease term of years. The lease is classified as a finance lease. The ground lease provides for variable rental payments based on CPI adjustment. 
 
 The following table summarizes the fixed, future minimum rental payments, excluding variable costs, which are discounted by our weighted average incremental borrowing rates to calculate the lease liabilities for our operating and finance leases in existence as of December 31, 2022 in which we are the lessee (in thousands): 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total undiscounted rental payments 
 Less imputed interest 
 Total lease liabilities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 , the total lease costs for operating and finance leases were and , respectively. The weighted average remaining lease terms for our operating and finance leases at December 31, 2022 were and years, respectively. We do not include renewal options in the lease term for calculating the lease liability unless we are reasonably certain we will exercise the option or the lessor has the sole ability to exercise the option. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate was for operating and for finance leases at December 31, 2022 . 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 , the total lease costs were . The weighted average remaining lease term for our operating leases was years at December 31, 2021 . We do not include renewal options in the lease term for calculating the lease liability unless we are reasonably certain we will exercise the option or the lessor has the sole ability to exercise the option. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate was at December 31, 2021 . 

165.0 million, 2.24 plus 1.35 to 1.90 Note (1) 
 265.0 million, 3.18 plus 1.45 to 2.10 Note, due January 31, 2028 (2) 
 80.0 million, 3.72 Note, due June 1, 2027 
 19.0 million 4.15 Note, due December 1, 2024 
 20.2 million 4.28 Note, due June 6, 2023 
 14.0 million 4.34 Note, due September 11, 2024 
 14.3 million 4.34 Note, due September 11, 2024 
 15.1 million 4.99 Note, due January 6, 2024 
 2.6 million 5.46 Note, due October 1, 2023 
 50.0 million, 5.09 Note, due March 22, 2029 
 50.0 million, 5.17 Note, due March 22, 2029 
 Floating rate notes 
 Unsecured line of credit, LIBOR plus 1.40 to 1.90 (3) 
 Unsecured line of credit, SOFR plus 1.50 to 2.10 , due September 16, 2026 
 Total notes payable principal 
 Less deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization 
 Total notes payable 

1 Loan was fully paid off on September 16, 2022. 

2 Promissory note includes an interest rate swap that fixed the SOFR portion of the term loan at an interest rate of through October 28, 2022, from October 29, 2022 through January 31, 2024, and beginning February 1, 2024 through January 31, 2028. 

3 Line of credit was paid off on September 16, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022 our debt agreements indexed to LIBOR have been converted to SOFR. 
 
 On April 30, 2020, the Company entered into a loan in the principal amount of from U.S. Bank National Association, one of the Company s existing lenders, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loan of the CARES Act. The PPP Loan was set to mature on May 6, 2022 the Maturity Date ), and accrued interest at per annum and could be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty. Pursuant to the CARES Act, the Company applied for and was granted forgiveness for all of the PPP Loan. Forgiveness was determined by the U.S. Small Business Administration based on the use of loan proceeds for payroll costs, mortgage interest, rent or utility costs and the maintenance of employee and compensation levels. Pursuant to the guidance in FASB ASC 405 - 20, Liabilities - Extinguishment of Liabilities, the Company recognized a gain for the PPP Loan forgiveness during the year ended December 31, 2020 based on the legal release from the U.S. Small Business Administration. 

On March 22, 2019, we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into a Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement (the Note Agreement together with certain subsidiary guarantors as initial guarantor parties thereto (the Subsidiary Guarantors and The Prudential Insurance Company of America and the various other purchasers named therein (collectively, the Purchasers providing for the issuance and sale of million of senior unsecured notes of the Operating Partnership, of which (i) million are designated as Series A Senior Notes due March 22, 2029 the Series A Notes and (ii) million are designated as Series B Senior Notes due March 22, 2029 the Series B Notes and, together with the Series A Notes, the Notes pursuant to a private placement that closed on March 22, 2019 the Private Placement ). Obligations under the Notes are unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and by the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 
 On December 16, 2022, Whitestone REIT (the Company and its operating partnership, Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), amended its Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement originally executed on March 22, 2019 the Existing Note Agreement ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of an Amendment No. 1 to Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2022 the Existing Note Purchase Agreement, as so amended, the Amended Note Agreement ), by and among the Company and the Operating Partnership, together with certain subsidiary guarantors as initial guarantor parties thereto and The Prudential Insurance Company of America and the various other purchasers named therein. 
 
 Neither the term of the Existing Note Agreement, the interest rate, nor the principal amounts, were amended. The purpose of the amendment is to conform certain covenants and defined terms contained in the Amended Note Agreement with the Company s recently amended unsecured credit facility with the lenders party thereto, Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent, Truist Bank, as syndication agent, and BMO Capital Markets Corp., Truist Bank, Capital One, National Association, and U.S. Bank National Association, as co-lead arrangers and joint book runners. 
 
 The principal of the Series A Notes will begin to amortize on March 22, 2023 with annual principal payments of approximately million. The principal of the Series B Notes will begin to amortize on March 22, 2025 with annual principal payments of million. The Notes will pay interest quarterly on the 22nd day of March, June, September and December in each year until maturity. 
 
 The Operating Partnership may prepay at any time all, or from time to time part of, the Notes, in an amount not less than in the case of a partial prepayment, at of the principal amount so prepaid, plus a make-whole amount. The make-whole amount is equal to the excess, if any, of the discounted value of the remaining scheduled payments with respect to the Notes being prepaid over the aggregate principal amount of such Notes (as described in the Note Agreement). In addition, in connection with a Change of Control (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), the Operating Partnership is required to offer to prepay the Notes at of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 
 
 The Note Agreement contains representations, warranties, covenants, terms and conditions customary for transactions of this type and substantially similar to the Operating Partnership s existing senior revolving credit facility, including limitations on liens, incurrence of investments, acquisitions, loans and advances and restrictions on dividends and certain other restricted payments. In addition, the Note Agreement contains certain financial covenants substantially similar to the Operating Partnership s existing senior revolving credit facility, including the following: 
 
 maximum total indebtedness to total asset value ratio of to 1.00; 

maximum secured debt to total asset value ratio of to 1.00; 

minimum EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization or extraordinary items) to fixed charges ratio of to 1.00; 

maximum secured recourse debt to total asset value ratio of to 1.00; 

maintenance of a minimum tangible net worth (adjusted for accumulated depreciation and amortization) of of the Company's total net worth as of December 31, 2021 plus of the net proceeds from additional equity offerings (as defined therein); and 

minimum adjusted property NOI to implied unencumbered debt service ratio of to 1.00. 

In addition, the Note Agreement contains a financial covenant requiring that maximum unsecured indebtedness to unencumbered asset pool of to 1.00. That covenant is substantially similar to the borrowing base concept contained in the Operating Partnership s existing senior revolving credit facility. 
 
 The Note Agreement also contains default provisions, including defaults for non-payment, breach of representations and warranties, insolvency, non-performance of covenants, cross-defaults with other indebtedness and guarantor defaults. The occurrence of an event of default under the Note Agreement could result in the Purchasers accelerating the payment of all obligations under the Notes. The financial and restrictive covenants and default provisions in the Note Agreement are substantially similar to those contained in the Operating Partnership s existing credit facility. 

Net proceeds from the Private Placement were used to refinance existing indebtedness. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes were sold in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4 (a)( 2 of the Securities Act. 
 
 On September 16, 2022 , we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into an unsecured credit facility (the 2022 Facility with the lenders party thereto, Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), Truist Bank, as syndication agent, and BMO Capital Markets Corp., Truist Bank, Capital One, National Association, and U.S. Bank National Association, as co-lead arrangers and joint book runners. The 2022 Facility amended and restated the Company's previous unsecured revolving credit facility, dated January 31, 2019 the 2019 Facility ). 
 
 The 2022 Facility is comprised of the following two tranches: 
 
 million unsecured revolving credit facility with a maturity date of September 16, 2026 the 2022 Revolver ); 

million unsecured term loan with a maturity date of January 31, 2028 Term Loan 

Borrowings under the 2022 Facility accrue interest (at the Operating Partnership's option) at a Base Rate or an Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus an applicable margin based upon our then existing leverage. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the 2022 Revolver was . Based on our current leverage ratio, the revolver has initial interest rate of SOFR plus and a basis point credit spread adjustment. In addition, we entered into interest rate swaps to fix the interest rates on the Term Loan. The Term Loan with the swaps has the following interest rates: 
 
 plus through October 28, 2022 

plus from October 29, 2022 through January 31, 2024 

plus from February 1, 2024 through January 31, 2028 

The 2022 Facility also has a pricing provision where the applicable margin can be adjusted by an aggregate per annum based on the Company s performance on certain sustainability performance targets. Base Rate means, for any day, the higher of: (a) the Administrative Agent s prime commercial rate, (b) the sum of (i) the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for such day, plus (ii) , or (c) the sum of (i) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one -month tenor in effect on such day plus (ii) . Adjusted Term SOFR means, for any such day, the sum of (i) the SOFR-based term rate for the day two 2 business days prior and (ii) . 
 
 The 2022 Facility includes an accordion feature that will allow the Operating Partnership to increase the borrowing capacity by million, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. As of December 31, 2022 , subject to any potential future paydowns or increases in the borrowing base, we have million remaining availability under the 2022 Revolver. As of December 31, 2022 , million was drawn on the 2022 Facility and our unused borrowing capacity was million, assuming that we use the proceeds of the 2019 Facility to acquire properties, or to repay debt on properties, that are eligible to be included in the unsecured borrowing base. The Company used million of proceeds from the 2022 Facility to repay amounts outstanding under the 2019 Facility. 

The Company, each direct and indirect material subsidiary of the Operating Partnership and any other subsidiary of the Operating Partnership that is a guarantor under any unsecured ratable debt will serve as a guarantor for funds borrowed by the Operating Partnership under the 2022 Facility. The 2022 Facility contains customary terms and conditions, including, without limitation, customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants including, without limitation, information reporting requirements, limitations on investments, acquisitions, loans and advances, mergers, consolidations and sales, incurrence of liens, dividends and restricted payments. In addition, the 2022 Facility contains certain financial covenants including the following: 
 
 maximum total indebtedness to total asset value ratio of to 1.00; 

maximum secured debt to total asset value ratio of to 1.00; 

minimum EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization or extraordinary items) to fixed charges ratio of to 1.00; 

maximum other recourse debt to total asset value ratio of to 1.00; and 

maintenance of a minimum tangible net worth (adjusted for accumulated depreciation and amortization) of million plus of the net proceeds from additional equity offerings (as defined therein). 

The 2022 Facility also contains customary events of default with customary notice and cure, including, without limitation, nonpayment, breach of covenant, misrepresentation of representations and warranties in a material respect, cross-default to other major indebtedness, change of control, bankruptcy and loss of REIT tax status. If an event of default occurs and is continuing under the 2022 Facility, the lenders may, among other things, terminate their commitments under the 2022 Facility and require the immediate payment of all amounts owed thereunder. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , our million in secured debt was collateralized by seven properties with a carrying value of million. Our loans contain restrictions that would require the payment of prepayment penalties for the acceleration of outstanding debt and are secured by deeds of trust on certain of our properties and by assignment of the rents and leases associated with those properties. As of December 31, 2022 , we were in compliance with all loan covenants. 
 
 Scheduled maturities of our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands): 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

As of December 31, 2022 , we had the following contractual obligations (in thousands): 

Long-Term Debt - Fixed Interest 
 Long-Term Debt - Variable Interest (1) 
 Unsecured credit facility - Unused commitment fee (2) 
 Operating Lease Obligations 
 Finance Lease Obligations 
 Total 

1 As of December 31, 2022 , we had one loan totaling million which bore interest at a floating rate. The variable interest rate payments are based on SOFR plus and a basis point spread adjustment which reflects our new interest rates under our 2022 Facility. The information in the table above reflects our projected interest rate obligations for the floating rate payments based on one -month SOFR as of December 31, 2022 , of . 

2 The unused commitment fees on our unsecured credit facility, payable quarterly, are based on the average daily unused amount of our unsecured credit facility. The fees are for facility usage greater than or for facility usage less than . The information in the table above reflects our projected obligations for our unsecured credit facility based on our December 31, 2022 balance of million. 

On September 16, 2022, we, through our Operating Partnership, entered an interest rate swap with Bank of Montreal that fixed the unhedged SOFR portion of Term Loan under the 2022 Facility at . The notional amount of the swap begins at million on October 29, 2022, and increases to million on February 1, 2024, maturing on January 31, 2028. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement governing the interest rate swap, Bank of Montreal assigned beginning and ending notionals of million and million of the swap, respectively, to U.S. Bank, National Association, beginning and ending notionals of million and million of the swap, respectively, to Truist Bank, beginning and ending notionals of million and million of the swap, respectively, to Capital One, National Association, and beginning and ending notionals of million and million of the swap, respectively, to Associated Bank. See Note 8 (Debt) for additional information regarding the 2022 Facility. We designated the interest rate swap as a cash flow hedge with the effective portion of the changes in fair value recorded in comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged transaction affects earnings. The Company does not expect any amount of the existing gains or losses to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. 
 
 On January 31, 2019, we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into an interest rate swap of million with Bank of Montreal that fixed the LIBOR portion of our million term loan under the 2019 Facility at . Pursuant to the terms of the agreement governing the interest rate swap, Bank of Montreal assigned million of the swap to U.S. Bank, National Association, million of the swap to Regions Bank, million of the swap to SunTrust Bank, and million of the swap to Associated Bank. Effective September 7, 2022, Regions Bank novated million of the swap to Bank of Montreal. See Note 8 (Debt) for additional information regarding the 2019 Facility. The swap began on February 8, 2021 and will mature on January 31, 2024 . Effective September 16, 2022, our contracts indexed to LIBOR were converted to SOFR. We have designated the interest rate swap as a cash flow hedge with the effective portion of the changes in fair value to be recorded in comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value, if any, will be recognized directly in earnings. The Company does not expect any amount of the existing gains or losses to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. 
 
 On November 19, 2015, we, through our Operating Partnership, entered into a million interest rate swap with Bank of Montreal that fixed the LIBOR portion of our million term loan under the 2018 Facility at . In the fourth quarter of 2015 , pursuant to the terms of the agreement governing the interest rate swap, Bank of Montreal assigned million of the swap to U.S. Bank, National Association, and million of the swap to SunTrust Bank. See Note 8 (Debt) for additional information regarding the 2018 Facility. The swap began on November 30, 2015 and matured on October 28, 2022 . We designated the interest rate swap as a cash flow hedge with the effective portion of the changes in fair value recorded in comprehensive income. 

A summary of our interest rate swap activity is as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Interest expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Interest expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Interest expense 

1 There was ineffective portion of our interest rate swaps recognized in earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 

, and OP units, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because their effect would be anti-dilutive. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , distributions of , and , respectively, were made to the holders of certain restricted common shares, none of which were charged against earnings. See Note 14 for information related to restricted common shares under the 2008 Plan. 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Distributions paid on unvested restricted shares 
 Income from continuing operations attributable to Whitestone REIT excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares 
 Income from discontinued operations 
 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Income from discontinued operations attributable to Whitestone REIT 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares 
 
 Denominator: 
 Weighted average number of common shares - basic 
 Effect of dilutive securities: 
 Unvested restricted shares 
 Weighted average number of common shares - dilutive 
 
 Earnings Per Share: 
 Basic: 
 Income from continuing operations attributable to Whitestone REIT excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares 
 Income from discontinued operations attributable to Whitestone REIT 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares 
 Diluted: 
 Income from continuing operations attributable to Whitestone REIT excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares 
 Income from discontinued operations attributable to Whitestone REIT 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares 

Return of capital (unaudited) 
 Capital gain distributions (unaudited) 
 Total 

of the outstanding equity in Pillarstone REIT (when calculated in accordance with Rule 13d - 3 (d)( 1 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). He resigned as a member of the Board of Whitestone REIT on April 18, 2022. Prior to his employment termination, February 9, 2022, Mr. John J. Dee, the Company s former Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Secretary, also served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pillarstone REIT and beneficially owns approximately of the outstanding equity in Pillarstone REIT (when calculated in accordance with Rule 13d - 3 (d)( 1 under the Exchange Act). In addition, Mr. Paul T. Lambert, a Trustee of the Company, also serves as a Trustee of Pillarstone REIT. 
 
 The Contribution is pursuant to the Company s strategy of recycling capital by disposing of Non-Core Properties that do not fit the Company s Community Centered Property strategy and the terms of the Contribution Agreement, the OP Unit Purchase Agreement, the Tax Protection Agreement and the Contribution were determined through arm s-length negotiations. The Contribution was unanimously approved and recommended by a special committee of independent Trustees of the Company. See Note 4 for additional disclosure on the Contribution. 
 
 Pillarstone OP. In accordance with ASU 2014 - 09 Topic 606 and ASC 610, Other Income-Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets , the Company recognizes its investment in Pillarstone OP under the equity method. 
 
 During the ordinary course of business, we had transactions with Pillarstone OP that include, but are not limited to, rental income, interest expense, general and administrative costs, commissions, management and asset management fees, and property expenses. The management agreement was terminated on August 18, 2022. 
 
 The following table presents the revenue and expenses with Pillarstone OP included in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 
 Property management fee income Management, transaction, and other fees 

million common shares of beneficial interest, par value per share, and up to million preferred shares of beneficial interest, par value per share. 
 
 Equity Offerings 
 
 On May 20, 2022, our universal shelf registration statement on Form S- 3 was declared effective by the SEC, which registers the issuance and sale by us of up to million in securities from time to time, including common shares, preferred shares, debt securities, depositary shares and subscription rights. 
 
 On September 9, 2022, we entered into eleven equity distribution agreements for an at-the-market equity distribution program (the 2022 equity distribution agreements providing for the issuance and sale of up to an aggregate of million of the Company s common shares pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form S- 3 (File No. 333 - 264881 ). Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors determined by us from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading price of our common shares, capital needs and our determinations of the appropriate sources of funding for us, and were made in transactions that will be deemed to be at-the-market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We have no obligation to sell any of our common shares and can at any time suspend offers under the 2022 equity distribution agreements or terminate the 2022 equity distribution agreements. 
 
 We have in the past, and expect to in the future, enter into at-the-market equity distribution programs providing for the issuance and sale of common shares. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors determined by us from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading price of our common shares, capital needs and our determinations of the appropriate sources of funding for us, and were made in transactions that will be deemed to be at-the-market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we sold and common shares under the equity distribution agreements, with net proceeds to us of and million, respectively. In connection with such sales, we paid compensation of and , respectively, to the sales agents. 
 
 Operating Partnership Units 
 
 Substantially all of our business is conducted through the Operating Partnership. We are the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2022 , we owned a interest in the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Limited partners in the Operating Partnership holding OP units have the right to redeem their OP units for cash or, at our option, common shares at a ratio of one OP unit for one common share. Distributions to OP unit holders are paid at the same rate per unit as distributions per share to Whitestone common shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were and OP units outstanding, respectively. We owned and OP units as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The balance of the OP units is owned by third parties, including certain trustees. Our weighted-average share ownership in the Operating Partnership was approximately , and f or the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and OP units, respectively, were redeemed for an equal number of common shares. 

Distributions 
 
 The following table reflects the total distributions we have paid (including the total amount paid and the amount paid per share) in each indicated quarter (in thousands, except per share data): 

Third Quarter 
 Second Quarter 
 First Quarter 
 Total 
 
 2021 
 Fourth Quarter 
 Third Quarter 
 Second Quarter 
 First Quarter 
 Total 

The Board will regularly reassess the dividend, particularly as there is more clarity on the duration and severity of the COVID- 19 pandemic and as business conditions improve. 
 
 Shareholders' Rights Plan 
 
 On May 14, 2020, the Board authorized a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a Right for each outstanding common share of beneficial interest, par value per share, of the Company (the Common Shares ). The dividend is payable on May 26, 2020 the Record Date ), to the holders of record of Common Shares as of 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the Record Date. The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in a rights agreement, dated as of May 14, 2020 as the same may be amended from time to time, the Rights Agreement ), between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent (the Rights Agent ). Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one -thousandth (a Unit of a Series A Preferred Share, par value per share (each a Preferred Share ), of the Company at a purchase price Purchase Price of per Unit, subject to adjustment. 
 
 The Board adopted the Rights Agreement to ensure that the Board remains in the best position to fulfill its duties and is intended to promote the fair and equal treatment of all shareholders by guarding against opportunistic efforts to capitalize on recent macroeconomic conditions, including open market accumulations or other tactics, aimed at gaining control of the Company without paying an appropriate control premium to deliver sufficient value for all Company shareholders. 
 
 The Rights will expire on the earliest of (i) the close of business on May 13, 2021, ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed pursuant to the Rights Agreement, (iii) the closing of any merger or other acquisition transaction involving the Company that has been approved by the Board, at which time the Rights are terminated, and (iv) the time at which the Rights are exchanged pursuant to the Rights Agreement (such earliest date, the Expiration Date ). 

On April 21, 2021, the Company entered into the First Amendment to Rights Agreement (the First Amendment with the Rights Agent. The First Amendment amends the Rights Agreement by and between the Company and the Rights Agent, solely to extend the expiration date of the rights under the Rights Agreement from the close of business on May 13, 2021 to the close of business on May 13, 2022, unless earlier exercised, exchanged, amended, redeemed, or terminated. 
 
 On February 7, 2022, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to Rights Agreement (the Second Amendment with the Rights Agent. The Second Amendment amends the First Amendment to the Rights Agreement by and between the Company and the Rights Agent, solely to accelerate the expiration date of the rights under the Rights Agreement from the close of business on May 13, 2022 to the close of business on February 7, 2022. As a result of the Second Amendment, effective as of the close of business on February 7, 2022, the Rights as defined in the Rights Agreement have expired and cease to be outstanding. 

common shares and OP units pursuant to awards under the 2018 Plan. The 2018 Plan became effective on July 30, 2018, which is the day after the 2008 Plan expired. 
 
 The Compensation Committee administered the 2008 Plan and administers the 2018 Plan except, in each case, with respect to awards to non-employee trustees, for which the 2008 Plan was and the 2018 Plan is administered by the board of trustees. The Compensation Committee is authorized to grant share options, including both incentive share options and non-qualified share options, as well as share appreciation rights, either with or without a related option. The Compensation Committee is also authorized to grant restricted common shares, restricted common share units, performance awards and other share-based awards. On September 6, 2017, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of an aggregate of performance-based restricted common share units under the 2008 Plan which only vest immediately prior to the consummation of a Change in Control (as defined in the 2008 Plan) that occurs on or before September 30, 2024 the CIC Units to certain of our employees. Continued employment is required through the vesting date. If a Change in Control does not occur on or before September 30, 2024, the CIC Units shall be immediately forfeited. The Company considers a Change in Control on or before September 30, 2024 to be improbable, and no expense has been recognized for the CIC Units. If a Change in Control occurs, any outstanding CIC Units would be expensed immediately on the date of the Change in Control using the grant date fair value. The grant date fair value for each CIC Unit of was determined based on the Company s closing share price on the grant date. On January 1, 2020, the remaining unvested TSR units that were granted on September 6, 2017 vested at achievement into common shares. 
 
 On March 16, 2018, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of an aggregate of time-based restricted common share units under the 2008 Plan, which vest annually in three equal installments, and performance-based restricted common share units to certain of our employees. 
 
 On December 1, 2018, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of an aggregate of TSR Units under the 2018 Plan to certain of our employees. Vesting was contingent upon achieving Total Shareholder Return relative to the peer group defined in the TSR Unit award agreements over a three -year performance period. At the end of the performance period, the number of common shares awarded for each vested TSR Unit was based on the Company s TSR Peer Group Ranking. Continued employment was required through the vesting date. The grant date fair value for each TSR Unit of was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation method and was recognized as share-based compensation expense ratably from the December 1, 2018 grant date to the end of the performance period, December 31, 2020. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilizes multiple input variables that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award grant and calculates the fair value of the award. Expected volatilities utilized in the model were estimated using a historical period consistent with the performance period of approximately three years. The risk-free interest rate was based on the United States Treasury rate for a term commensurate with the expected life of the grant. On January 1, 2021, the remaining unvested TSR units that were granted on December 1, 2018 vested at achievement into common shares. 

On June 30, 2019, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of an aggregate of TSR Units and time-based restricted common share units under the 2018 Plan to certain of our employees. On September 30, 2019, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of time-based restricted common share units under the 2018 Plan to certain of our employees. Vesting of the TSR Units is contingent upon achieving Total Shareholder Return relative to the peer group defined in the TSR Unit award agreements over a three -year performance period. At the end of the performance period, the number of common shares awarded for each vested TSR Unit was based on the Company s TSR Peer Group Ranking. Continued employment is required through the vesting date. The grant date fair value for each TSR Unit of was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation method and was recognized as share-based compensation expense ratably from the June 30, 2019 grant date to the end of the performance period, December 31, 2021. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilizes multiple input variables that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award grant and calculates the fair value of the award. Expected volatilities utilized in the model were estimated using a historical period consistent with the performance period of approximately three years. The risk-free interest rate was based on the United States Treasury rate for a term commensurate with the expected life of the grant. On December 31, 2021, the remaining unvested TSR Units that were granted on June 30, 2019 and September 30, 2019 vested at attainment into common shares. The time-based restricted common share units have a grant date fair value of and and vest annually in three equal installments for the June 30, 2019 and September 30, 2019 grants, respectively. 
 
 On July 31, 2020, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of an aggregate of TSR Units and time-based restricted common share units under the 2018 Plan to certain of our employees. Vesting of the TSR Units is contingent upon achieving Total Shareholder Return relative to the peer group defined in the TSR Unit award agreements over a three -year performance period. At the end of the performance period, the number of common shares awarded for each vested TSR Unit will vary from to depending on the Company s TSR Peer Group Ranking. Continued employment is required through the vesting date. The grant date fair value for each TSR Unit of was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation method and is being recognized as share-based compensation expense ratably from the July 31, 2020 grant date to the end of the performance period, December 31, 2022. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilizes multiple input variables that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award grant and calculates the fair value of the award. Expected volatilities utilized in the model were estimated using a historical period consistent with the performance period of approximately three years. The risk-free interest rate was based on the United States Treasury rate for a term commensurate with the expected life of the grant. The time-based restricted common share units have a grant date fair value of and vest annually in three equal installments. On December 31, 2022, the remaining unvested TSR Units that were granted on July 31, 2020 vested at attainment into common shares. 
 
 On March 17, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of an aggregate of common share units under the 2018 Plan to certain of our employees. The common share units had a grant date fair value of each and vested immediately. 
 
 On June 30, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of an aggregate of TSR Units and time-based restricted common share units under the 2018 Plan to certain of our employees. Vesting of the TSR Units is contingent upon achieving Total Shareholder Return relative to the peer group defined in the TSR Unit award agreements over a three -year performance period. At the end of the performance period, the number of common shares awarded for each vested TSR Unit will vary from to depending on the Company s TSR Peer Group Ranking. Continued employment is required through the vesting date. The grant date fair value for each TSR Unit of was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation method and is being recognized as share-based compensation expense ratably from the June 30, 2021 grant date to the end of the performance period, December 31, 2023. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilizes multiple input variables that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award grant and calculates the fair value of the award. Expected volatilities utilized in the model were estimated using a historical period consistent with the performance period of approximately 3 years. The risk-free interest rate was based on the United States Treasury rate for a term commensurate with the expected life of the grant. The time-based restricted common share units have a grant date fair value of and vest annually in three equal installments. The TSR Units granted on June 30, 2021 include TSR Units that will be converted into the right to receive cash in the amount of the fair market value of the common shares to the extent that common shares are not available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. 
 
 On September 30, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of an aggregate of time-based restricted common share units under the 2018 Plan to certain of our employees. The time-based common share units had a grant date fair value of each and vest annually in three equal installments. 
 
 On March 28, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of an aggregate of TSR Units and time-based restricted common share units under the 2018 Plan to certain of our employees. Vesting of the TSR Units is contingent upon achieving Total Shareholder Return relative to the peer group defined in the TSR Unit award agreements over a three -year performance period. At the end of the performance period, the number of common shares awarded for each vested TSR Unit will vary from to depending on the Company s TSR Peer Group Ranking. Continued employment is required through the vesting date. The grant date fair value for each TSR Unit of was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation method and is being recognized as share-based compensation expense ratably from the June 30, 2022 grant date to the end of the performance period, December 31, 2024. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilizes multiple input variables that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award grant and calculates the fair value of the award. Expected volatilities utilized in the model were estimated using a historical period consistent with the performance period of approximately three years. The risk-free interest rate was based on the United States Treasury rate for a term commensurate with the expected life of the grant. The time-based restricted common share units have a grant date fair value of and vest annually in three equal installments. 

A summary of the share-based incentive plan activity as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 Available for grant at December 31, 2022 

1 The fair value of the shares granted were determined based on observable market transactions occurring near the date of the grants. 
 
 A summary of our nonvested and vested shares activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is presented below: 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Total compensation recognized in earnings for share-based payments was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 , and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , there were CIC Units outstanding that we do not expect to vest before their period of restriction lapses in months because the Company considers a Change in Control unlikely on or before September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2022 , there was approximately million in unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding non-vested TSR Units, which are expected to vest over a period of months and approximately million in unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding non-vested time-based shares, which are expected to be recognized over a period of approximately months beginning on January 1, 2023. 
 
 We expect to record approximately million in share-based compensation subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022 . The unrecognized share-based compensation cost is expected to vest over a weighted average period of months. The dilutive impact of the performance-based shares will be included in the denominator of the earnings per share calculation beginning in the period that the performance conditions are expected to be met. The dilutive impact of the TSR Units is based on the Company s TSR Peer Group Ranking as of the reporting date and weighted according to the number of days outstanding in the period. As of December 31, 2022 , the TSR Peer Group Ranking called for and attainment of the TSR Units granted in 2021 and 2022 , respectively. The dilutive impact of the CIC Units is based on the probability of a Change in Control. Because the Company considers a Change in Control on or before September 30, 2024 to be improbable, CIC Units are included in the Company s dilutive shares. 

independent trustees and trustee emeritus were granted a total of common shares, which vest immediately and are prorated based on date appointed. The common shares granted to our trustees had a grant fair value of per share. The fair value of the shares granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was determined using quoted prices available on the date of grant. 
 
 On December 13, 2021, independent trustees and trustee emeritus were granted a total of common shares, which vest immediately and are prorated based on date appointed. The common shares granted to our trustees had a grant fair value of per share. The fair value of the shares granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 was determined using quoted prices available on the date of grant. 
 
 On December 4, 2020, independent trustees, including one independent trustee who served on the board until the 2020 annual meeting of shareholders and did not stand for re-election, and trustee emeritus were granted a total of common shares, which vest immediately and are prorated based on date appointed. The common shares granted to our trustees had a grant fair value of per share. On December 4, 2020, of our independent trustees elected to receive a total of common shares with a grant date fair value of in lieu of cash for board fees. The fair value of the shares granted during the year ended December 31, 2020 was determined using quoted prices available on the date of grant. 

in damages and equitable relief. However, the Company denies the claims, has substantial legal and factual defenses against the claims, and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. The Company does not believe a probable loss will be incurred, nor does it anticipate a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations, cash flows or liquidity. Therefore, the Company has not recorded a charge as a result of this action. 
 
 Former CEO Litigation 
 
 On February 23, 2022, the Company s former CEO, James Mastandrea, filed suit against the Company and certain of its trustees (Nandita Berry, Jeff Jones, Jack Mahaffey, and David Taylor) and officers (David Holeman, Christine Mastandrea, Peter Tropoli) in the District Court of Harris County, Texas, alleging claims relating to the termination of claimant s employment. Claimant purports to assert claims for breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duties, tortious interference with contract, civil conspiracy, and declaratory judgment. On September 12, 2022, the claim for breach of fiduciary duty was dismissed and a claim for negligence was added. The claimant seeks a maximum of million in damages and equitable relief. However, the Company denies the claims, has substantial legal and factual defenses against the claims, and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. The Company does not believe a probable loss will be incurred, nor does it anticipate a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations, cash flows or liquidity. Therefore, the Company has not recorded a charge as a result of this action. 
 
 Pillarstone Rights Plan 
 
 On December 26, 2021, the Board of Trustees of Pillarstone REIT adopted a new rights agreement (the Pillarstone Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which each holder of Pillarstone REIT common stock received preferred share purchase right (a Right per common share held as of the applicable record date. Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from Pillarstone REIT one one -thousandth (a Unit of a series D preferred share of Pillarstone at a purchase price Purchase Price of per Unit, subject to adjustment. The Rights are exercisable upon the occurrence of certain events as described in the Pillarstone Rights Agreement, including the acquisition by certain holders of or more of the common shares of Pillarstone REIT (an Acquiring Person ). Upon the acquisition of Pillarstone REIT common shares by an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right (other than an Acquiring Person), will have the right to receive upon exercise a number of Pillarstone REIT common shares having a market value of times the Purchase Price. 
 
 As set forth in the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Pillarstone OP, dated as of December 8, 2016 the Pillarstone Partnership Agreement ), we have the contractual right to have our limited partnership interests in Pillarstone redeemed at our discretion. However, upon receipt of a redemption notice, Pillarstone OP has the option of the applicable redemption price in cash, based on the market value of Pillarstone REIT common shares, or in Pillarstone REIT common shares. To the extent we seek to have our partnership units in Pillarstone OP redeemed and Pillarstone OP elects to pay the applicable redemption price in Pillarstone REIT common shares (and such shares represent or more of the outstanding common shares of Pillarstone REIT), the Rights could become exercisable. To the extent the Rights are exercised as a result of our Pillarstone OP units being redeemed for Pillarstone REIT common shares, our ownership interest in Pillarstone REIT would be significantly diluted, which could adversely impact the value of our investment in Pillarstone OP. 
 
 Because the Pillarstone Rights Agreement seeks to prevent Whitestone OP from exercising its contractual Redemption Right, on July 12, 2022, Whitestone OP filed suit against Pillarstone REIT in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware challenging the Pillarstone Rights Agreement due to Pillarstone REIT s breach of the Pillarstone OP partnership agreement, breach of its fiduciary duty as general partner of Pillarstone OP to Whitestone OP, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing under the Pillarstone OP partnership agreement. The lawsuit seeks rescission and voiding of the Pillarstone Rights Agreement; a declaration that the Pillarstone Rights Agreement is unenforceable, invalid, and of no force and effect; an order permanently enjoining enforcement of the Pillarstone Rights Agreement; an award of monetary damages; and broad restrictions on Pillarstone REIT s ability to conduct its business, including buying properties, enforcing the Rights Agreement, incurring expenses, or engaging in transactions. 
 
 On September 8, 2022, the Company s Motion to Preserve the Status Quo was granted by the Court, limiting Pillarstone from engaging in any acts outside the ordinary course of business and otherwise imposing restrictions on Pillarstone to ensure that Whitestone s right of redemption right is not impaired while the underlying dispute is being considered by the Court. 
 
 While we do not believe the overall impact of the Pillarstone Rights Agreement on the carrying value of our investment in Pillarstone OP is material, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of possible loss at this time. 
 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. These matters are generally covered by insurance. While the resolution of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes the final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows or liquidity. 

Net income 
 Net income attributable to Whitestone REIT 
 Basic Earnings per share: 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders, excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares (1) 
 Diluted Earnings per share: 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders, excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares (1) 
 
 2021 
 Revenues 
 Net income 
 Net income attributable to Whitestone REIT 
 Basic Earnings per share: 
 Income from continuing operations attributable to Whitestone REIT, excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares (1) 
 Income from discontinued operations attributable to Whitestone REIT (1) 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders, excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares (1) 
 Diluted Earnings per share: 
 Income from continuing operations attributable to Whitestone REIT, excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares (1) 
 Income from discontinued operations attributable to Whitestone REIT (1) 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders, excluding amounts attributable to unvested restricted shares (1) 

1 The sum of individual quarterly basic and diluted earnings per share amounts may not agree with the year-to-date basic and diluted earning per share amounts as the result of each period s computation being based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during that period. 

(2,230) 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 

1 For the year ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 , and 2020 charges were reductions (additions) to revenue. 

F-43

Table of Contents 

Anderson Arbor 
 Anthem Marketplace 
 Anthem Marketplace Phase II 
 BLVD Place 
 The Citadel 
 City View Village 
 Dana Park Pad 
 Davenport Village 
 Eldorado Plaza 
 Fountain Hills 
 Fountain Square 
 Fulton Ranch Towne Center 
 Gilbert Tuscany Village 
 Heritage Trace Plaza 
 HQ Village 
 Keller Place 
 Kempwood Plaza 
 Lakeside Market 
 Lake Woodlands Crossing 
 La Mirada 
 Las Colinas 
 Lion Square 
 The MarketPlace at Central 
 Market Street at DC Ranch 
 Mercado at Scottsdale Ranch 
 Paradise Plaza 
 Parkside Village North 
 Parkside Village South 
 Pinnacle of Scottsdale 
 Pinnacle of Scottsdale Phase II 
 The Promenade at Fulton Ranch 
 Providence 
 Quinlan Crossing 
 Seville 
 Shaver 
 Shops at Pecos Ranch 
 Shops at Starwood 
 Starwood Phase III 
 The Shops at Williams Trace 
 Spoerlein Commons 
 The Strand at Huebner Oaks 
 SugarPark Plaza 
 Sunridge 
 Sunset at Pinnacle Peak 
 Terravita Marketplace 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 

Village Square at Dana Park 
 Westchase 
 Williams Trace Plaza 
 Windsor Park 
 Woodlake Plaza 
 Total Whitestone Properties 
 
 Land Held for Development: 
 BLVD Place Phase II-B 
 Dana Park Development 
 Eldorado Plaza Development 
 Fountain Hills 
 Market Street at DC Ranch 
 Total - Land Held for Development 
 
 Grand Totals - Whitestone Properties 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 8/16/2011 - 
 Anderson Arbor 12/01/2021 - 
 Anthem Marketplace (3) 6/28/2013 - 
 Anthem Marketplace Phase II 3/1/2019 - 
 BLVD Place (4) 5/26/2017 - 
 The Citadel 9/28/2010 - 
 City View Village 3/31/2015 - 
 Dana Park Pad 12/2/2022 - 
 Davenport Village 5/27/2015 - 
 Eldorado Plaza 5/3/2017 - 
 Fountain Hills Plaza 10/7/2013 - 
 Fountain Square 9/21/2012 - 
 Fulton Ranch Towne Center 11/5/2014 - 
 Gilbert Tuscany Village 6/28/2011 - 
 Heritage Trace Plaza 7/1/2014 - 
 Headquarters Village (5) 3/28/2013 - 
 Keller Place 8/26/2015 - 
 Kempwood Plaza 2/2/1999 - 
 Lakeside Market 7/8/2021 - 
 Lake Woodlands Crossing 12/21/2022 - 
 La Mirada 9/30/2016 - 
 Las Colinas Village 12/6/2019 - 
 Lion Square 1/1/2000 - 
 The Marketplace at Central 11/1/2010 - 
 Market Street at DC Ranch 12/5/2013 - 
 Mercado at Scottsdale Ranch 6/19/2013 - 
 Paradise Plaza 8/8/2012 - 
 Parkside Village North 7/2/2015 - 
 Parkside Village South 7/2/2015 - 
 Pinnacle of Scottsdale (6) 12/22/2011 - 
 Pinnacle of Scottsdale Phase II 3/31/2017 - 
 The Promenade at Fulton Ranch 11/5/2014 - 
 Providence 3/30/2001 - 
 Quinlan Crossing 8/26/2015 - 
 Seville 9/30/2016 - 
 Shaver 12/17/1999 - 
 Shops at Pecos Ranch (7) 12/28/2012 - 
 Shops at Starwood (8) 12/28/2011 - 
 Shops at Starwood Phase III 12/31/2016 - 
 The Shops at Williams Trace 12/24/2014 - 
 Spoerlein Commons 1/16/2009 - 
 The Strand at Huebner Oaks 9/19/2014 - 
 SugarPark Plaza 9/8/2004 - 
 Sunridge 1/1/2002 - 
 Sunset at Pinnacle Peak 5/29/2012 - 
 Terravita Marketplace 8/8/2011 - 
 Town Park 1/1/1999 - 

Whitestone REIT and Subsidiaries 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 9/21/2012 - 
 Westchase 1/1/2002 - 
 Williams Trace Plaza 12/24/2014 - 
 Windsor Park 12/16/2003 - 
 Woodlake Plaza 3/14/2005 - 

Land Held for Development: 
 BLVD Place Phase II-B 5/26/2017 Land - Not Depreciated 
 Dana Park Development 9/21/2012 Land - Not Depreciated 
 Eldorado Plaza Development 12/29/2017 Land - Not Depreciated 
 Fountain Hills 10/7/2013 Land - Not Depreciated 
 Market Street at DC Ranch 12/5/2013 Land - Not Depreciated 
 Total - Land Held For Development 
 
 Grand Totals - Whitestone Properties 

1 Reconciliations of total real estate carrying value for the three years ended December 31, follows (in thousands): 

Additions during the period: 
 Acquisitions 
 Improvements 
 
 Deductions - cost of real estate sold or retired 
 Balance at close of period 

2 The aggregate cost of real estate for federal income tax purposes is billion. 
 
 3 This property secures a million mortgage note. 
 
 4 This property secures a million mortgage note. 
 
 5 This property secures a million mortgage note. 
 
 6 This property secures a million mortgage note. 
 
 7 This property secures a million mortgage note. 
 
 8 This property secures a million mortgage note. 
 
 9 A portion of this property secures a million mortgage note. 

F-47

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_399139.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_399139.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

NAME OF SUBSIDIARY 

JURISDICTION OF FORMATION 

Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, LP 

Delaware 

Pillarstone Capital REIT Operating Partnership LP 

Delaware 

Whitestone Centers LLC 

Texas 

Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership III GP, LLC 

Texas 

Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership III LP, LTD 

Texas 

Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership III LP 

Texas 

Whitestone REIT Operating Company IV, LLC 

Texas 

Whitestone Pima Norte LLC 

Texas 

Whitestone Corporate Park West LLC 

Texas 

Whitestone Retail Services, L.L.C. 

Delaware 

Whitestone Brokerage Services, L.L.C. 

Texas 

Whitestone SunnySlope Village, L.L.C. 

Delaware 

Whitestone Featherwood, LLC 

Texas 

Whitestone Terravita Marketplace, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Ahwatukee Plaza, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Brokerage Services AZ, LLC 

Arizona 

Whitestone Pinnacle of Scottsdale, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Pinnacle of Scottsdale - Phase II, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Shops At Starwood, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Shops At Starwood - Phase III, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Shops at Pinnacle, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Paradise Village, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Fountain Square, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Village Square at Dana Park, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Village Square at Dana Park Development Land, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Pecos Ranch, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Headquarters Village, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone TRS, Inc. 

Delaware 

Whitestone Mercado, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Realty, LLC 

Arizona 

Whitestone Anthem Marketplace, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Anthem Marketplace Development Land, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Fountain Hills, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Woodlake Plaza, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Market Street at DC Ranch, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Heritage Trace Plaza 1, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Heritage Trace Plaza 2, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Strand, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Promenade, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Towne Center, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Williams Trace Plaza, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Williams Trace Shops, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Clear Lake Offices, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Towne Center Corner, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Village Square at Dana Park Corner, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone City View, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Davenport TRS, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Davenport Village, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Parkside Village South, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Parkside Village North, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Quinlan Crossing, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Keller Place, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Gilbert Tuscany Village Corner, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Seville, LLC 

Delaware 

NAME OF SUBSIDIARY 

JURISDICTION OF FORMATION 

Whitestone La Mirada, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Eldorado Plaza, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Houston BLVD Place, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Houston BLVD Place Phase II, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Eldorado Plaza Phase II, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Las Colinas Village, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Lakeside Market, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone Anderson Arbor, LLC 

Delaware 

Whitestone 1702 S Val Vista, LLC 
			 Delaware 

Whitestone Lake Woodlands Crossing, LLC 
			 Delaware 

SRI Real Estate Capital Partners LLC 
			 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_399140.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_399140.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Whitestone REIT on Forms S-8 (Nos. 333-156512, 333-191181, 333-196261, 333-227569 and 333-227756) and the Registration Statements of Whitestone REIT on Forms S-3 and S-3/A (Nos. 333-174608, 333-225007 and 333-264881), of our reports dated March 8, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Whitestone REIT and the effectiveness of Whitestone REIT's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Whitestone REIT for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

/s/ Pannell Kerr Forster of Texas, P.C. 

Houston, Texas 

 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_399141.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_399141.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, David K. Holeman, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K, for the period ended December 31, 2022 , of Whitestone REIT; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 

/s/ David K. Holeman 

David K. Holeman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_399142.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_399142.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, John S. Hogan, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K, for the period ended December 31, 2022 , of Whitestone REIT; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 

/s/ John S. Hogan 

John S. Hogan 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_399143.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_399143.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Whitestone REIT, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David K. Holeman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ David K. Holeman 

David K. Holeman 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 8, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex_399144.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_399144.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Whitestone REIT, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John S. Hogan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
			 
			 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ John S. Hogan 

John S. Hogan 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 8, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wstr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 wstr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 wstr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 wstr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 wstr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

