<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1413898_0001413898-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12453198</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137815</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1251494</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6365220</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1634380</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2833597</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001413898-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309170521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001413898-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DallasNews Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001413898
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NEWSPAPERS:  PUBLISHING OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING [2711]
		IRS NUMBER:				383765318
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33741
		FILM NUMBER:		23720567

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1954 COMMERCE STREET
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-977-7342

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 224866
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75222-4866

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	A. H. Belo Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210628

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DallasNews Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210625

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	A. H. Belo Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130206

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001413898-23-000007.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 daln-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

daln-20221231x10k 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commissions file no. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Series B Common Stock, 0.01 par value (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer: Accelerated Filer: : : : 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held by nonaffiliates on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price for the registrant s Series A Common Stock on such date as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, was approximately . Shares of Common Stock outstanding at March 6, 2023: 5,352,490 shares (consisting of shares of Series A Common Stock and shares of Series B Common Stock). For purposes of this calculation, the market value of a share of Series B Common Stock was assumed to be the same as a share of Series A Common Stock into which it is convertible. Documents incorporated by reference: 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 

DALLASNEWS CORPORATION FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business PAGE 3 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments PAGE 7 Item 2. Properties PAGE 7 Item 3. Legal Proceedings PAGE 8 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures PAGE 8 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities PAGE 9 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations PAGE 10 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data PAGE 19 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure PAGE 19 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures PAGE 19 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance PAGE 20 Item 11. Executive Compensation PAGE 20 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters PAGE 20 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence PAGE 20 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services PAGE 20 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules PAGE 21 Signatures PAGE 24 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number PAGE 26 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 PAGE 27 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 PAGE 28 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 PAGE 29 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 PAGE 30 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 PAGE 31 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements PAGE 32 

DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Table of Contents 

PART I CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K concerning DallasNews Corporation s (the Company business outlook or future economic performance, anticipated profitability, revenues, expenses, cash balance, dividends, capital expenditures, investments, dispositions, impairments, business initiatives, acquisitions, pension plan contributions and obligations, real estate sales, working capital, future financings and other financial and non-financial items that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as the term is defined under applicable federal securities laws. Words such as anticipate, assume, believe, can, could, estimate, forecast, intend, expect, may, project, plan, seek, should, target, will, would and their opposites and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. Such risks, trends and uncertainties are, in most instances, beyond the Company s control, and include changes in advertising demand and other economic conditions; consumers tastes; newsprint and distribution prices; program costs; the success of the Company s digital strategy; labor relations; cybersecurity incidents; technological obsolescence; and the current and future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic . Among other risks, there can be no guarantee that the board of directors will approve a quarterly dividend in future quarters or that our financial projections are accurate. Forward-looking statements, which are as of the date of this filing, are not updated to reflect events or circumstances after the date of the statement. All dollar amounts presented herein the Annual Report on Form 10-K, except share and per share amounts, are presented in thousands, unless the context indicates otherwise. Item 1. Business DallasNews Corporation, formerly A. H. Belo Corporation, and its subsidiaries are referred to collectively herein as DallasNews or the Company. DallasNews was formed in February 2008 through a spin-off from its former parent company and is registered on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq trading symbol: DALN). DallasNews is the Dallas-based holding company of The Dallas Morning News and Medium Giant. The Dallas Morning News is Texas leading daily newspaper with a strong journalistic reputation, intense regional focus and close community ties. The company has won nine Pulitzer Prizes and is the oldest continuously operated business in Texas, dating back to 1842. In addition, the Company has a full-service agency, Medium Giant, with capabilities including strategy, creative and media management with a focus on strategic and digital marketing, and data intelligence that provide a measurable return on investment to its clients. Business Overview The Company s goal is to create value for investors by being the premier provider of relevant and original local journalism in North Texas so citizens can make informed choices about their lives and the life of the communities in which they live. This commitment to excellence in journalism attracts and retains subscribers to the print edition, the digital site, and applications. The print media industry has encountered continuous declines in revenue primarily due to the secular shift of readers and advertisers to digital platforms. The Company has sought to limit its exposure to these industry risks through greater development of its digital platforms for delivery of news and advertising, and leveraging its brand and personnel to enhance its media agency solutions. However, these improvements may not result in a sufficient increase in revenue to offset the declines the Company is experiencing in its traditional print media business. The Company operates The Dallas Morning News dallasnews.com ), Texas leading newspaper and various niche publications targeting specific audiences. These operations generate revenue from sales of advertising within the Company s newspaper and digital platforms, subscriptions and retail sales of its newspapers, commercial printing and distribution services primarily related to national newspapers, and preprint advertising. The Dallas Morning News first edition was published on October 1, 1885. The News is one of the leading metropolitan newspapers in the United States. The newspaper is distributed primarily in Dallas County and five surrounding counties. This coverage area represents one of the most populous and fastest growing metropolitan areas in the country. The News has been awarded nine Pulitzer Prizes for news reporting, editorial writing and photography. The Ne ws also publishes Briefing and Al Dia , an award-winning Spanish-language newspaper, both distributed on Wednesdays at no charge to households in select coverage areas. Unless otherwise noted, the financial and operating results of all publications are reported as The Dallas Morning News . 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 3 
 
 Table of Contents 

Businesses producing and providing services within the print and newspaper industry have encountered significant declines in revenue as a result of increasing use of the internet for delivery of information. These businesses have been challenged to find alternative solutions to offset the loss of revenue. The majority of revenues within the newspaper industry were historically generated from display and classified advertisements followed by revenues from subscriptions and retail sales of newspapers. Revenues from subscriptions and retail sales of newspapers have experienced greater resilience as readers have been willing to pay higher prices for the product, which has substantially offset lower circulation volumes. The Company has faced ongoing revenue declines primarily in print advertising and expects these trends to continue. As a result the Company is moving to a more digital news format to offset some of its declines in print, specifically around advertising. In addition to traditional print and digital advertising, the Company has a full-service agency, Medium Giant, with capabilities including strategy, creative and media management with a focus on strategic and digital marketing, and data intelligence that provide a measurable return on investment to its clients. Through the full-service capabilities, we are able to offer businesses comprehensive, strategic and creative marketing solutions which allow our clients to connect with their business, their brand and their audiences to drive growth. The Company has aligned management and its sales teams to provide a cross-functional integrated approach to maximize the development of these businesses. Digital marketing services are provided through the following service offerings: Multi-channel marketing solutions through subscription sales of the Company s cloud-based software, allowing customers to manage and individualize their marketing campaigns. In addition, multi-channel marketing services are provided to customers without access to the proprietary software. Digital and strategic marketing services, paid media strategy and management, and other marketing related services. Multi-channel digital advertising and marketing services campaigns for customers, allowing them to target demographic audiences using data analytics and determine the delivery media such as email campaigns, banner impressions or video views on third-party websites. The following describes the Company s various revenue streams. Advertising and Marketing Services Revenue - Advertising and marketing services revenue accounted for approximately 46 percent of total revenue for 2022. The Company has a comprehensive portfolio of print advertising products, which include display, classified and preprint advertising. Display revenue results from sales of advertising space within the Company s core newspapers and niche publications to local, regional or national businesses with local operations, affiliates or resellers. Classified revenue, which includes automotive, real estate, employment, obituaries and other, results from sales of advertising space in the classified and other sections of the Company s newspapers. Preprint revenue results from sales of preprinted advertisements or circulars inserted into the Company s core newspapers, niche publications, and distributed to publications in other markets, or distributed by mail or through third-party distributors to households in targeted areas in order to provide total market coverage for advertisers. The Company s capabilities allow its advertisers to target preprint distribution selectively at the sub-zip code level in order to optimize coverage for the advertisers locations. Preprint advertising also includes other services revenue related to the Company s niche publications. The Company s digital advertising and marketing services revenue consists of strategic marketing services, consulting, branding, paid media strategy and management, creative services, search optimization, direct mail and the sale of promotional materials, as well as providing multi-channel marketing solutions through subscription sales of the Company s cloud-based software. In addition, it includes digital sales of banner, classified and native advertisements on the Company s news and entertainment-related websites and mobile apps, as well as targeted and multi-channel (programmatic) advertising placed on third-party websites. Circulation Revenue - Circulation revenue accounted for approximately 43 percent of total revenue for 2022 and includes subscriptions and single copy sales related to the Company s core newspapers in print and digital formats. DallasNews steadfast commitment to producing superior, unduplicated local journalism enables the Company s newspapers to charge premium subscription rates . The Dallas Morning News goal is to maximize the amount of recurring revenue from consumers of the Company s print and digital products. The Company continuously assesses the journalism provided to subscribers and their willingness and ability to pay higher rates by geographic area. The Company has implemented effective rate increases to select subscribers or retailers. A digital replica version of The Dallas Morning News is offered for subscribers to purchase if they prefer to consume news through a digital device in a more traditional format. DallasNews newspapers and the newspaper industry as a whole are challenged to maintain and grow print circulation volume. To the extent circulation volume declines cannot be offset by rate increases, the Company will realize lower circulation revenue. Circulation volume declines could also result in lower rates and volumes for advertising revenue. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 4 
 
 Table of Contents 

The Company s news websites, including dallasnews.com and aldiadallas.com , are the leading English and Spanish news and entertainment digital platforms in the North Texas region. The news websites offer late-breaking and other up-to-date news coverage, user-generated content, advertising, e-commerce and other services. Readers can access news content across multiple digital platforms and obtain relevant local customized content and advertising. The Company s journalists have expanded their reach and deepened their engagement with audiences by delivering news and content through social media platforms such as blogs, Facebook and Twitter, which direct traffic to the core websites. The Company s success depends to a significant extent on its ability to develop and manage the digital business in response to the changes in consumers preferences and behaviors, as well as changes to advertising expenditures, as described above. Printing, Distribution and Other Revenue - Printing, distribution and other revenue accounted for approximately 11 percent of total revenue for 2022 and includes commercial printing, distribution, and shared mail packaging services. The Company s commercial printing and distribution services leverage the capacity of its production and distribution assets. The Company believes the incremental revenue from these services allows a greater return from the Company s operating assets. Commercial printing and delivery services are provided for certain national newspapers. A shared mail packaging business is operated in Tempe, Arizona, providing mailed advertisements for business customers. Raw Materials and Distribution The basic material used in publishing newspapers is newsprint. The Company has a Paper Supply Agreement, expiring in August 2025, with Gannett Supply Corporation Gannett ), a newsprint broker, which will be the Company s sole supplier of newsprint from designated newsprint suppliers at market-based prices during the term of the agreement, except in certain specified instances. The agreement is renewable for successive one-year terms upon mutual agreement of the parties, and is terminable by either party on 180 days prior written notice. This agreement allows the Company access to multiple mills at competitive pricing. Prior to the Gannett agreement, the Company s newsprint was obtained through a purchasing consortium. Management believes the Gannett agreement provides adequate sources of newsprint to meet the Company s current needs. Significant increases in newsprint costs or the Company s inability to obtain an adequate supply of newsprint in the future could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. During 2022, Company operations consumed 7,735 metric tons of newsprint at an average cost of 728 per metric ton. Consumption of newsprint in 2021 was 8,405 metric tons at an average cost of 572 per metric ton. The Company s newspapers and other commercial print products are produced at its facility in Plano, Texas. Distribution of printed products to subscribers, retailers and newsstands is made under terms of agreements with third-party distributors. The Company believes a sufficient number of third-party distributors exist to allow uninterrupted distribution of the Company s products. However, if third-party service providers face financial difficulties or terminate their relationship with the Company, this could adversely affect the Company s ability to satisfy its customers or operate the business, and could affect results of operations. Competitive Strengths and Challenges The Company s strengths include: the largest news-gathering operation in North Texas the opportunity to build valuable first-party data sets about consumers in North Texas due to the millions of unique visitors who come to the Company s websites monthly the ability to develop innovative new product and service offerings which leverage the Company s brand equity, existing content, distribution platforms, technologies and relationships the ability to provide clients with full-service agency capabilities including strategy, creative, website development, and media management which allow our clients to connect with their business, their brand and their audiences sufficient liquidity to allow the Company to invest opportunistically in the Company s business an affluent and educated demographic base in its market centered around one of the fastest growing regions in the country the ability to market print or digital products and services to large and targeted audiences at low marginal costs a large sales force with knowledge of the marketplaces in which the Company conducts its business, and relationships with current and potential print and digital advertising clients the ability to manage operating costs effectively according to market pressures 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 5 
 
 Table of Contents 

The Company s challenges include: timely growth of revenue and profits related to the Company s agency, digital services and digital subscriptions businesses that would provide for an offset to declines in revenue and profits related to the Company s print advertising and print circulation operating in a competitive environment with increased competition from other media, particularly internet-based media provided to customers at no cost effective monetization of locally-created online content on the Company s websites while balancing the impact of potential lower traffic volumes with an established metered-based model In response to the decline in print revenue, the Company has developed agency and digital advertising capabilities through multiple media channels. The Company leverages its news content to improve engagement on the Company s digital platforms that results in increased digital subscriptions and associated revenue. The Company also continues to diversify its revenue base by leveraging the available capacity of its existing assets to provide print and distribution services for newspapers and other customers requiring these services, by introducing new advertising and marketing services products, and by increasing circulation prices. Because of declining print circulation, the Company has developed broad digital strategies designed to provide readers with multiple platforms for obtaining online access to local news. The Company continues to obtain additional key demographic data from readers, which allows the Company to provide content desired by readers and to modify marketing and distribution strategies to target and reach audiences valued by advertisers. The Company has access to programmatic digital advertising platforms that provide digital ad placement and targeting efficiencies and increases utilization of digital inventory within the Company s websites. Additionally, in order to optimize owned and operated digital advertising revenue, the Company has adopted a holistic yield management approach powered by real-time bidding technologies and data analysis to ensure the optimal mix of direct sales and programmatic ad sales is achieved. Strategy DallasNews is committed to producing quality journalism for its communities and providing innovative digital marketing solutions for its customers through its agency capabilities, while creating value for shareholders over the long-term. The Company continuously evaluates its operations and investments against various economic factors to determine the appropriate current strategies. The Company is committed to maintaining the leading digital and print platforms for delivering news of the highest quality and reliability in the North Texas area, as well as creating and developing innovative print and digital marketing services capabilities that address the needs of clients and advertisers. The Company seeks to achieve these objectives through the following strategies: produce quality local journalism at scale, distributed through digital platforms that improve user engagement and result in increased digital subscriptions and customer retention develop new ways to grow advertising dollars on the Company s digital platforms grow recurring advertising and digital marketing services revenue through a client-first approach and enhanced full-service agency capabilities improve print revenues and increase utilization of operating assets by maintaining profitable print and distribution services to third parties continue to align costs with revenue, maintain strong liquidity to support future business and product initiatives, and provide flexibility to meet strategic investment opportunities and other cash flow requirements 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 6 
 
 Table of Contents 

Competition DallasNews newspapers, niche publications and related websites primarily serve audiences in the North Texas area. The Company competes for advertising revenue for its newspapers and websites with other print and agency companies. Advertising revenues for the Company s newspapers and websites are responsive to circulation and traffic volumes, demographics of their subscriber bases, advertising results, rates and customer service. Advertising on digital platforms is highly competitive and largely dominated by large internet companies. As advertisers reallocate marketing expenditures from print to digital channels, the Company believes its strong local brand and its full-service agency, Medium Giant, has capabilities that will allow it to offer exclusive advertising and digital marketing solutions to local businesses on a competitive scale. The Dallas Morning News has the highest paid print circulation in the North Texas area while competing with one other metropolitan newspaper in parts of its geographic market. Circulation revenues are challenged primarily due to free and readily-accessible news, entertainment, advertising and other content available through the internet. This secular shift from print to digital media continues as consumer lifestyles embrace technological advancements, particularly with mobile devices, which provide access to a wide variety of digital news and advertising alternatives, including news and social media websites, online advertising networks and exchanges, online classified services, and direct email advertising. Competition for readers is primarily based on mode of delivery, quality of the Company s journalism, price, timeliness of interaction with audiences, and customer service. News and other digital content produced by the Company s newspapers and niche publications are available via its websites, mobile applications and through email. The Company offers competitive technology for accessing digital content on mobile devices and via personal computers. Journalists engage online readers through blogs, Twitter and other social media posts. Seasonality DallasNews advertising revenues are subject to moderate seasonality, with print and digital advertising revenue typically higher in the fourth calendar quarter of each year because of the holiday shopping season. The level of print and digital advertising sales in any period may also be affected by advertisers decisions to increase or decrease their advertising expenditures in response to anticipated consumer demand and general economic conditions. Employees As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 663 employees of which approximately 21 percent were represented by a labor union. The Company is in the process of finalizing an initial collective bargaining agreement. While there have not been any operational disruptions to date, the Company cannot predict the timing or outcome of these negotiations. The Company considers its relationships with its employees to be very good and is committed to an equitable and inclusive workplace that reflects the diversity of its local readers and the communities it serves. Available Information DallasNews maintains its corporate website at dallasnewscorporation.com , which makes available, free of charge, this Annual Report on Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, its Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Ite m 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. It em 2. Properties Operations Ownership Location Corporate and The Dallas Morning News Leased Dallas, Texas Printing facilities Owned Plano, Texas Former sales operations (subleased) Leased Dallas, Texas Shared mail packaging office and warehouse Leased Tempe, Arizona 
 In addition to the properties above, the Company has various leased locations it uses for news reporting and the distribution of the Company s publications, and it leases property in Tulsa, Oklahoma used for sales operations. As of December 31, 2022, in aggregate, the Company leased facilities for current use consisting of approximately 263,000 square feet and owns property that includes land and a building consisting of approximately 1,258,000 square feet. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 7 
 
 Table of Contents 

Ite m 3. Legal Proceedings A number of legal proceedings are pending against DallasNews. In the opinion of management, liabilities, if any, arising from these legal proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on DallasNews results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. DallasNews and its subsidiaries may be subject to litigation, including matters relating to alleged libel or defamation, governmental proceedings and investigations. Adverse determinations in any such matters could require DallasNews to make monetary payments or result in other sanctions or findings that could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Insurance coverage, if any, may not be adequate to cover all costs and/or losses. In some instances, the Company may have a contractual obligation from a third-party to indemnify liabilities related to litigation or governmental investigation, but if the third-party fails to indemnify us, the Company would be responsible for monetary damages. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 8 
 
 Table of Contents 

PART II Ite m 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The Company s authorized common equity consists of 31,250,000 shares of common stock, par value .01 per share. The Company has two series of common stock outstanding, Series A and Series B. Shares of the two series are identical in all respects except as noted herein. Shares of Series B common stock are entitled to 10 votes per share on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, and shares of Series A common stock are entitled to one vote per share. Transferability of the Series B common stock is limited to family members and affiliated entities of the holder. Shares of Series B common stock are convertible at any time on a one-for-one basis into shares of Series A common stock and upon a transfer, other than as described above, shares of Series B common stock automatically convert into Series A common stock. Since June 29, 2021, the Company s Series A common stock has been traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq trading symbol: DALN). Prior to that time, shares of the Company s Series A common stock was traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE trading symbol: AHC) and began trading on February 11, 2008. There is no established public trading market for shares of Series B common stock. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of DallasNews board of directors. The determination as to the amount declared and its timing depends on, among other things, DallasNews results of operations and financial condition, capital requirements, other contractual restrictions, prospects, applicable law, general economic and business conditions and other future factors that are deemed relevant. The board of directors generally declares dividends during the quarter preceding its stated measurement and payment dates. DallasNews cannot provide any assurance that future dividends will be declared and paid due to the factors discussed in the Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The table below sets forth the high and low sales prices reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC for a share of the Company s common stock and the recorded cash dividends per share declared for the past two years. Stock Price Dividends High Low Close Declared (1)(2) 2022 Fourth quarter 5.42 3.73 3.86 0.16 Third quarter 8.49 4.51 4.64 1.66 Second quarter 7.05 5.99 6.33 0.16 First quarter 7.56 6.26 7.00 0.16 2021 Fourth quarter 7.60 6.28 7.22 0.16 Third quarter 7.75 6.27 6.81 0.16 Second quarter 9.48 6.51 7.22 0.16 First quarter 12.64 6.09 8.36 0.16 
 (1) Cash dividends are recorded in the period declared. This table reflects the period the dividends were paid. (2) On August 22, 2022, the Company s board of directors declared a special, one-time 1.50 per share dividend to shareholders of record as of the close of business on September 9, 2022, which was paid on September 30, 2022, returning 8,029 to shareholders. The closing price of the Company s Series A common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on March 6, 2023, was 4.53. The approximate number of shareholders of record of the Company s Series A and Series B common stock at the close of business on March 6, 2023, was 279 and 68, respectively. Equity Compensation Plan Information The information set forth under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information contained in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on May 11, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference. Sales of Unregistered Securities During 2022 and 2021, shares of the Company s Series B common stock in the amounts of 192 and 2,335, respectively, were converted, on a one-for-one basis, into shares of Series A common stock. The Company did not register the issuance of these securities under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption under Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 9 
 
 Table of Contents 

It em 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations DallasNews intends for the discussion of its financial condition and results of operations that follows to provide information that will assist in understanding its financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those statements from period to period, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting principles, policies and estimates affect its financial statements. The following information should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes filed as part of this report. All dollar amounts presented herein, except share and per share amounts, are in thousands, unless the context indicates otherwise. This section and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. See the Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements of this Annual Report for further discussion. OVERVIEW DallasNews Corporation, formerly A. H. Belo Corporation, and its subsidiaries are referred to collectively herein as DallasNews or the Company. DallasNews was formed in February 2008 through a spin-off from its former parent company and is registered on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq trading symbol: DALN). DallasNews is the Dallas-based holding company of The Dallas Morning News and Medium Giant. The Company operates The Dallas Morning News dallasnews.com ), Texas leading newspaper and winner of nine Pulitzer Prizes, and various niche publications targeting specific audiences. These operations generate revenue from sales of advertising within the Company s newspaper and digital platforms, subscriptions and retail sales of its newspapers, commercial printing and distribution services primarily related to national newspapers, and preprint advertising. In addition, the Company has a full-service agency, Medium Giant, with capabilities including strategy, creative and media management with a focus on strategic and digital marketing, and data intelligence that provide a measurable return on investment to its clients. The Company transferred its stock exchange listing from the New York Stock Exchange NYSE to The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq and changed its corporate name to DallasNews Corporation. The listing and trading of the Company s Series A common stock on the NYSE ceased trading at market close on June 28, 2021, and began trading on Nasdaq at market open on June 29, 2021, under the ticker symbol DALN. In May 2021, at the Company s 2021 annual meeting of shareholders, its shareholders approved a reverse stock split at a ratio of not less than one-for-three and not more than one-for-five, with the exact ratio to be determined by the Company s board of directors. Following the annual meeting, the Company s board of directors approved a one-for-four reverse stock split of its issued, outstanding and treasury shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, which became effective June 8, 2021. As a result, every four shares of the Company s issued and outstanding Series A common stock and Series B common stock (and any such shares held in treasury) were converted into one share of Series A common stock and Series B common stock, respectively. All fractional shares were settled in cash, in connection with the reverse stock split, on June 9, 2021. The par value of the Series A and Series B common stock were not adjusted as a result of the reverse stock split and the Company reclassified an amount equal to the reduction in the number of Company shares at par value to additional paid-in capital. The Company and its business partners are subject to risks and uncertainties caused by factors beyond its control, including macroeconomic factors such as inflation. Although the Company did not see a significant impact from inflation on its financial results in 2022, the cost of raw materials for newsprint and fuel prices to distribute the newspaper did increase. If inflation remains at current levels, or increases, for an extended period, certain operating costs could increase or advertiser spending could be impacted. Beginning in early 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic impacted, and may continue to impact, the Company s customers, distribution partners, advertisers, production facilities, and third parties, and could result in additional loss of advertising revenue or supply chain disruption. If the pandemic were to affect a significant number of the workforce employed in printing operations, the Company may experience delays or be unable to produce, print and deliver its publications and other third-party print publications on a timely basis. The Company continues to evaluate for any future material impacts on its consolidated financial statements. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 10 
 
 Table of Contents 

Overview of Significant Transactions Operating results for 2022 reflect relative stability in print advertising and circulation revenue. The Company is committed to maintaining the leading digital and print platforms for delivering news of the highest quality and reliability in the North Texas area, as well as creating and developing innovative print and digital marketing services capabilities that address the needs of clients and advertisers. The Company continues its efforts to diversify revenues through its digital platforms for delivery of news and advertising, growing i ts paid digital subscriptions, and leveraging its brand and personnel to enhance its media agency solutions. However, there is no guarantee the Company will be able to generate enough digital revenue or margin to offset the possible future loss of print advertising and circulation revenue and margin. Effective June 30, 2022, the Company and Charter DMN Holdings, LP (the Purchaser entered into an agreement (the Third Modification Agreement extending the maturity date of the promissory note of 22,400 (the Promissory Note ), for the sale of the real estate assets previously used as the Company s headquarters, to July 29, 2022. The unpaid, original principal balance of the Promissory Note accrued interest at the rate of 6.5 percent. On July 29, 2022, the Company was paid in full, receiving cash proceeds of 22,516, including interest, due from the Purchaser under the Third Modification Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company performed a review of potential impairment indicators for its long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, and right-of-use assets. The Company determined there was no significant decrease in the market value of the long-lived assets or significant change in the extent or manner in which the asset group is being used or in its physical condition as of December 31, 2022, and there was no significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate during the period that could affect the value of the asset group. Based upon the review of indicators, the Company did not identify any events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amount of long-lived assets may not be recoverable. See Note 3 Leases for information on right-of-use asset impairments occurring in 2022 and 2021. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company made a board approved voluntary contribution of 5,000 to the DallasNews Corporation Pension Plans (the Pension Plans and its board declared a special, one-time 1.50 per share dividend, paid on September 30, 2022, returning 8,029 to shareholders. Quarterly dividends returned 11,454 and 3,425 to shareholders in 2022 and 2021, respectively. On December 1, 2022, the Company s board of directors declared a 0.16 per share dividend to shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 10, 2023, paid on March 3, 2023. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 11 
 
 Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Consolidated Results of Operations This section contains discussion and analysis of net operating revenue, operating costs and expense and other information relevant to an understanding of results of operations for 2022 and 2021. Based on how the Company s chief operating decision-maker makes decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance, the Company determined it has one reportable segment. The table below sets forth the components of DallasNews operating loss. Years Ended December 31, 2022 Percentage Change 2021 Advertising and marketing services 69,667 (4.9) 73,271 Circulation 65,191 0.4 64,943 Printing, distribution and other 15,793 (2.3) 16,160 Total Net Operating Revenue 150,651 (2.4) 154,374 Total Operating Costs and Expense 159,638 (2.9) 164,324 Operating Loss (8,987) 9.7 (9,950) 
 Traditionally, the Company s primary revenues are generated from advertising within its core newspapers, niche publications and related websites and from subscription and single copy sales of its printed newspapers. As a result of competitive and economic conditions, the newspaper industry has faced a significant revenue decline over the past decade. Therefore, the Company has sought to diversify its revenues through development and investment in new product offerings, increased circulation rates and leveraging of its existing assets to offer cost efficient commercial printing and distribution services. The Company continually evaluates the overall performance of its core products to ensure existing assets are deployed adequately to maximize return. The Company s advertising revenue from its core newspapers continues to be adversely affected by the shift of advertiser spending to other forms of media and the increased accessibility of free online news content, as well as news content from other sources, which resulted in declines in advertising and paid print circulation volumes and revenue. Decreases in print display and classified categories are indicative of continuing trends by advertisers towards digital platforms, which are widely available from many sources. In the current environment, companies are allocating more of their advertising spending towards programmatic channels that provide digital advertising on multiple platforms with enhanced technology for targeted delivery and measurement. In response to the decline in print revenue, the Company has developed agency capabilities, including strategy, creative and media management with a focus on strategic and digital marketing, and data intelligence that provide a measurable return on investment to its clients. The Company leverages its news content to improve engagement on the Company s digital platforms that results in increased digital subscriptions and associated revenue. The Company also continues to diversify its revenue base by leveraging the available capacity of its existing assets to provide print and distribution services for newspapers and other customers requiring these services, by introducing new advertising and marketing services products, and by increasing circulation prices. Because of declining print circulation, the Company has developed broad digital strategies designed to provide readers with multiple platforms for obtaining online access to local news. The Company continues to obtain additional key demographic data from readers, which allows the Company to provide content desired by readers and to modify marketing and distribution strategies to target and reach audiences valued by advertisers. The Company has access to programmatic digital advertising platforms that provide digital ad placement and targeting efficiencies and increases utilization of digital inventory within the Company s websites. Additionally, in order to optimize owned and operated digital advertising revenue, the Company has adopted a holistic yield management approach powered by real-time bidding technologies and data analysis to ensure the optimal mix of direct sales and programmatic ad sales is achieved. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 12 
 
 Table of Contents 

Advertising and marketing services revenue Advertising and marketing services revenue was 46.2 percent and 47.4 percent of total revenue for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Years Ended December 31, 2022 Percentage Change 2021 Print advertising 44,802 (5.6) 47,483 Digital advertising and marketing services 24,865 (3.6) 25,788 Advertising and Marketing Services 69,667 (4.9) 73,271 
 Print advertising Print advertising is comprised of display, classified and preprint advertising revenue. Display and classified print revenue primarily represents sales of advertising space within the Company s core and niche newspapers. As advertisers continue to diversify marketing budgets to incorporate more and varied avenues of reaching consumers, traditional display and classified advertising continues to be impacted. In 2022, display and classified print advertising revenue increased 646, primarily due to volume increases in display and employment classified advertisements. Preprint advertising revenue primarily reflects preprinted advertisements inserted into the Company s core newspapers, niche publications, and distributed to publications in other markets, or distributed to non-subscribers through the mail or through third-party distributors to households in targeted areas in order to provide total market coverage for advertisers. Preprint advertising also includes other services revenue related to the Company s niche publications. In 2022, revenue decreased 3,327, primarily due to a volume decline in preprinted advertisements and reduced advertiser spending. A trend we expect to continue. Digital advertising and marketing services Digital advertising and marketing services revenue consists of strategic marketing services, consulting, branding, paid media strategy and management, creative services, search optimization, direct mail and the sale of promotional materials, as well as providing multi-channel marketing solutions through subscription sales of the Company s cloud-based software. In addition, it includes digital sales of banner, classified and native advertisements on the Company s news and entertainment-related websites and mobile apps, as well as targeted and multi-channel (programmatic) advertising placed on third-party websites. In 2022, revenue decreased 923 due to declines in direct mail, the sale of promotional materials and paid media strategy and management clients, partially offset by an increase in strategic marketing services resulting from the start of new contracts. Circulation revenue Circulation revenue was 43.3 percent and 42.1 percent of total revenue for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Years Ended December 31, 2022 Percentage Change 2021 Print circulation 52,045 (6.0) 55,339 Digital circulation 13,146 36.9 9,604 Circulation 65,191 0.4 64,943 
 Print circulation Revenue decreased in 2022, primarily driven by volume declines, partially offset by rate increases. In 2022, home delivery revenue declined 2,671 or 5.3 percent. The Company ended 2022 with 78,573 print subscriptions, a decrease of 10,698 or 12.0 percent when compared to 89,271 at the end of 2021, while rates increased approximately 8.3 percent. S ingle copy revenue declined 623 or 12.9 percent in 2022. Digital circulation Revenue increased 36.9 percent in 2022, due to an increase in digital-only subscriptions. The Company ended 2022 with 68,010 digital-only subscriptions, an increase of 8,539 or 14.4 percent when compared to 59,471 at the end of 2021, reflecting the Company s continued focus on growing its paid digital subscriptions and revenue. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 13 
 
 Table of Contents 

Printing, distribution and other revenue Printing, distribution and other revenue was 10.5 percent and 10.5 percent of total revenue for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Years Ended December 31, 2022 Percentage Change 2021 Printing, Distribution and Other 15,793 (2.3) 16,160 
 Revenue decreased in 2022, primarily due to declines in revenue from mailed advertisements for business customers and distribution revenue from commercial printing. Operating Costs and Expense The table below sets forth the components of the Company s operating costs and expense. Years Ended December 31, 2022 Percentage Change 2021 Employee compensation and benefits 67,096 (2.9) 69,078 Other production, distribution and operating costs 78,638 (3.0) 81,041 Newsprint, ink and other supplies 11,035 11.7 9,878 Depreciation 2,709 (32.3) 4,002 Amortization (100.0) 64 Loss on sale/disposal of assets, net 58 100.0 29 Asset impairments 102 (56.0) 232 Total Operating Costs and Expense 159,638 (2.9) 164,324 
 Employee compensation and benefits The Company continues to implement measures to optimize its workforce and evaluate strategies to reduce risk associated with future obligations for employee benefit plans. Employee compensation and benefits decreased 1,982 in 2022, primarily due to reductions in variable compensation, severance and medical expense. In 2021, severance expense included 1,423 related to a voluntary severance offer. Other production, distribution and operating costs Expense decreased 2,403 in 2022, primarily due to savings in distribution expense associated with lower circulation and preprinted advertisements. In addition, advertising and promotional expense decreased related to fewer barter agreements. Newsprint, ink and other supplies Expense increased 1,157 in 2022. Competitive pricing is available under the Company s paper supply agreement; however, the price of newsprint increased, partially offset by savings from reduced newsprint costs associated with lower circulation volumes. Newsprint consumption approximated 7,735 and 8,405 metric tons in 2022 and 2021, respectively, at an average cost per metric ton of 728 and 572, respectively. Depreciation Expense decreased 1,293 in 2022, due to a lower depreciable asset base as a higher level of in-service assets are now fully depreciated. Amortization Expense decreased in 2022, due to all intangible assets being fully amortized in the first quarter of 2021. Loss on sale/disposal of assets, net In 2022 and 2021, t he Company disposed assets that were no longer in use, and from time to time, may sell assets. Asset impairments In 2022, the Company terminated the lease and sublease agreements for the office space of the Denton Publishing Company, resulting in a right-of-use asset impairment of 102. In 2021, the Company subleased office space in Dallas, Texas at a lower rate than the head lease, resulting in a right-of-use asset impairment of 232. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 14 
 
 Table of Contents 

Other The table below sets forth the other components of the Company s results of operations. Years Ended December 31, 2022 Percentage Change 2021 Other income (loss), net (241) (103.3) 7,332 Income tax provision (benefit) 558 125.9 (2,151) 
 Other income (loss), net Other income (loss), net includes net periodic pension and other post-employment expense (benefit), i nterest income (expense) and gain (loss) from investments. Net periodic pension and other post-employment expense (benefit) was 910 and (4,141) in 2022 and 2021, respectively. For 2022, based on the re-allocation of the Pension Plans assets, the Company assumed a lower rate of return on the assets resulting in net periodic pension expense. I n 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded 616 and 1,008, respectively, of interest income related to the promissory notes from the sale of the Company s former headquarters. In 2021, the Company recorded 455 of interest income in connection with the accounting for unrecognized tax positions, primarily related to the release of a federal uncertain tax reserve. In 2021, the Company sold inactive IP addresses for 1,349. Income tax provision (benefit) The income tax provision of 558 recorded in 2022, was due to the effect of the Texas franchise tax. An income tax benefit of (2,151) was recorded in 2021. The benefit was primarily due to the release of 2,575, included in other liabilities, for a federal uncertain tax reserve resulting from the statute of limitations lapsing in August 2021, partially offset by the effect of the Texas franchise tax. Legal proceedings From time to time, the Company is involved in a variety of claims, lawsuits and other disputes arising in the ordinary course of business. Management routinely assesses the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes in these matters, as well as the ranges of probable losses to the extent losses are reasonably estimable. Accruals for contingencies are recorded when, in the judgment of management, adverse judgments or outcomes are probable and the financial impact, should an adverse outcome occur, is reasonably estimable. The determination of likely outcomes of litigation matters relates to factors that include, but are not limited to, past experience and other evidence, interpretation of relevant laws or regulations and the specifics and status of each matter. Predicting the outcome of claims and litigation and estimating related costs and financial exposure involves substantial uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially from estimates and accruals. In the opinion of management, liabilities, if any, arising from other currently existing claims against the Company would not have a material adverse effect on DallasNews results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 15 
 
 Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates DallasNews consolidated financial statements reflect the application of accounting policies that require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. The Company believes that the following are the critical accounting policies, estimates and assumptions currently affecting DallasNews financial position and results of operations. See the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Standards , for additional information concerning significant accounting policies. Revenue Recognition. The Company s principal sources of revenue are sales of advertising within its newspaper and digital platforms, subscription and retail sales of its newspapers, commercial printing and distribution services, primarily related to national newspapers, and preprint advertising. In addition, revenue includes strategic marketing management, consulting, creative services, targeted and multi-channel (programmatic) advertising placed on third-party websites, social media management, search optimization, direct mail and the sale of promotional materials. Advertising and Marketing Services Print advertising is comprised of display, classified and preprint advertising revenue. Display revenue results from sales of advertising space within the Company s core newspapers and niche publications to local, regional or national businesses with local operations, affiliates or resellers. Classified revenue, which includes automotive, real estate, employment, obituaries and other, results from sales of advertising space in the classified and other sections of the Company s newspapers. Preprint revenue results from sales of preprinted advertisements or circulars inserted into the Company s core newspapers, niche publications, and distributed to publications in other markets, or distributed by mail or through third-party distributors to households in targeted areas in order to provide total market coverage for advertisers. The Company s capabilities allow its advertisers to target preprint distribution selectively at the sub-zip code level in order to optimize coverage for the advertisers locations. Preprint advertising also includes other services revenue related to the Company s niche publications. Digital advertising and marketing services revenue consists of strategic marketing services, consulting, branding, paid media strategy and management, creative services, search optimization, direct mail and the sale of promotional materials, as well as providing multi-channel marketing solutions through subscription sales of the Company s cloud-based software. In addition, it includes digital sales of banner, classified and native advertisements on the Company s news and entertainment-related websites and mobile apps, as well as targeted and multi-channel (programmatic) advertising placed on third-party websites. Advertising and marketing services revenue is primarily recognized at a point in time when the ad or service is complete and delivered, based on the customers contract price. Barter advertising transactions are recognized at estimated fair value based on the negotiated contract price and the range of prices for similar advertising from customers unrelated to the barter transaction. The Company expenses barter costs as incurred, which is independent from the timing of revenue recognition. In addition, certain digital advertising revenue related to website access is recognized over time, based on the customers monthly rate. For ads placed on certain third-party websites, the Company must evaluate and use judgment to determine whether it is acting as the principal, where revenue is reported on a gross basis, or acting as the agent, where revenue is reported on a net basis. Generally, the Company reports advertising revenue for ads placed on third-party websites on a net basis, meaning the amount recorded to revenue is the amount billed to the customer net of amounts paid to the publisher of the third-party website. The Company is acting as the agent because the publisher controls the advertising inventory. The Company will record certain arrangements gross when it has latitude in establishing price or it determines the placement of the ads as a value added service to the customer. Circulation Circulation revenue is generated primarily by selling home delivery , including premium publications, and digital subscriptions, as well as single copy sales to non-subscribers for which revenue is recognized at a point in time when the paper is purchased. Home delivery revenue is recognized over the subscription period based on the days of actual delivery over the total subscription days. Revenue is directly reduced for any non-payment for the grace period of home delivery subscriptions where the Company recorded revenue for newspapers delivered after a subscription expired. Digital-only subscription revenue is recognized over the subscription period based on daily or monthly access to the content in the subscription period. Payment of circulation fees is typically received in advance and deferred over the subscription period. There is little judgment required for valuation or timing of circulation revenue recognition. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 16 
 
 Table of Contents 

Printing, Distribution and Other Printing, distribution and other revenue is primarily generated from printing and distribution of other newspapers, as well as production of preprinted advertisements for other newspapers. Printing, distribution and other revenue is recognized at a point in time when the product or service is delivered, which requires little judgment to determine. Pension. The Company follows accounting guidance for single-employer defined benefit plans. Plan assets and the projected benefits obligation are measured each December 31, and the Company records as an asset or liability for the net funded position of the plans. Certain changes in actuarial valuations related to returns on plan assets and projected benefit obligations are recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are amortized to net periodic pension expense (benefit) over the weighted average remaining life of plan participants, to the extent the cumulative balance in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) exceeds 10 percent of the greater of the respective plan s (a) projected benefit obligation or (b) the market-related value of the plan s assets. Net periodic pension expense (benefit) is recognized each period by accruing interest expense on the projected benefit obligation and accruing a return on assets associated with the plan assets. Participation in and accrual of new benefits to participants has been frozen since 2007 and, accordingly, on-going service costs are not a component of net periodic pension expense (benefit). From time to time, the Company-sponsored plans may settle pension obligations with certain plan participants through the plans master trust as part of its de-risking strategies. The gains or losses associated with settlements of plan obligations to participants are recognized to earnings if such settlements exceed the interest component of net periodic pension cost for the year. Otherwise, such amounts are included in actuarial gains (losses) in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Re-measurement of plan assets and liabilities upon a significant settlement or curtailment event is performed based on the values of the month-end closest to the event. The projected benefit obligations of the DallasNews Pension Plans are estimated using the FTSE Pension Discount Curve, which is based upon a portfolio of high-quality corporate debt securities with maturities that correlate to the expected timing of estimated benefit payments to the Pension Plans participants. Future estimated benefit payments are discounted to their present value at the appropriate yield curve spot rate to determine the projected benefit obligation outstanding at each year end. The single equivalent discount rate as of December 31, 2022 was 4.9 percent and 2.5 percent for December 31, 2021. The significant gains related to changes in the projected benefit obligation for 2022 and 2021, were primarily due to the movement in the discount rate. Interest expense included in net periodic pension benefit is based on the FTSE Pension Discount Curve established at the beginning of the fiscal year. The discount rate for fiscal year 2022 and 2021 interest cost was 2.5 percent and 2.1 percent, respectively. The Company assumed a 2.5 percent and 5.5 percent long-term return on the Pension Plans assets in 2022 and 2021, respectively. This return is based upon historical returns of similar investment pools having asset allocations consistent with the expected allocations of the DallasNews Pension Plans. Investment strategies for the Pension Plans assets are based upon factors such as the effective duration of the actuarial liabilities and market risks. Recent Accounting Standards See the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Standards , regarding the impact of certain recent accounting pronouncements. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company s cash balances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 27,825 and 32,439, respectively. The decrease in the cash balance during 2022 was primarily due to the return of capital to shareholders through dividends, a board approved voluntary contribution to the Pension Plans and the net loss from operations. The Company intends to hold the majority of existing cash for purposes of future investment opportunities, potential return of capital to shareholders and for contingency purposes. Although revenue is expected to continue to decline in future periods, cash flows and other expense reduction measures are expected to be sufficient to fund operating activities and capital spending. The future approval of dividends is dependent upon available cash after considering future operating and investing requirements and cannot be guaranteed. The Company continues to have a board-authorized repurchase authority. However, the agreement to repurchase the Company s stock expired and was not renewed. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 17 
 
 Table of Contents 

The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (the ARP Act was passed and signed into law on March 11, 2021, and was designed to speed up the United States economic recovery. The ARP Act contains many provisions, including direct cash payments to eligible taxpayers below specified income limits, extended unemployment insurance benefits, additional relief designed to prevent layoffs and business closures at small businesses, and pension relief provisions. The pension relief provisions include extending the interest rate relief passed in previous years, permanently adding a floor to funding interest rates, and permanently changing the amortization period for pension underfunding from 7 to 15 years. All provisions are required to be effective for plan years beginning in 2022, but plan sponsors can elect certain provisions to apply to plan years beginning as early as 2019. The Company benefited from the shortfall amortization relief provisions and the segment interest rate relief provisions contained in the ARP Act effective for the 2020 plan year. Effective June 30, 2022, the Company and Charter DMN Holdings, LP (the Purchaser entered into an agreement (the Third Modification Agreement extending the maturity date of the promissory note of 22,400 (the Promissory Note ), for the sale of the real estate assets previously used as the Company s headquarters, to July 29, 2022. The unpaid, original principal balance of the Promissory Note accrued interest at the rate of 6.5 percent. On July 29, 2022, the Company was paid in full, receiving cash proceeds of 22,516, including interest, due from the Purchaser under the Third Modification Agreement. The following discusses the changes in cash flows by operating, investing and financing activities in 2022 and 2021. Operating Cash Flows Net cash used for operating activities was 13,933 and 5,760 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash flows used for operating activities increased by 8,173 in 2022, when compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the board approved voluntary contribution of 5,000 to the Pension Plans made in the third quarter of 2022 and the net loss from operations. Investing Cash Flows Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities was 20,773 and (390) in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash flows from investing activities increased in 2022 due to cash proceeds of 22,400, received in the third quarter of 2022, due under the Third Modification Agreement as discussed above. Cash flows from investing activities also included 1,627 and 767 of capital spending in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Financing Cash Flows Net cash used for financing activities was 11,454 and 3,426 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily attributable to dividend payments . On August 22, 2022, the Company s board of directors declared a special, one-time 1.50 per share dividend to shareholders of record as of the close of business on September 9, 2022, which was paid on September 30, 2022, returning 8,029 to shareholders. Financing Arrangements None. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 18 
 
 Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2022, the Company had contractual obligations, in aggregate, of 12,283 for the next five years and 14,342 thereafter, for operating leases, primarily for office space and other distribution centers, some of which include escalating lease payments. See Note 3 Leases for future lease payments by year. In December 2016, the Dallas Morning News, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a 16-year lease agreement for office space for the Company s new corporate headquarters. The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis. Per the amended lease agreement, rent payments began in November 2018. The Company currently does not expect to make contributions to the DallasNews Pension Plans in 2023 and no contributions are required to these plans in 2023 under the applicable tax and labor laws governing pension plan funding. On December 1, 2022, the Company s board of directors declared a 0.16 per share dividend to shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 10, 2023, paid on March 3, 2023. On March 9, 2023, the Company s board of directors declared a 0.16 per share dividend to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 12, 202 3 , which is payable on June 2, 2023. It em 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The consolidated financial statements, together with the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms, are included herein starting on page 26 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. It em 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Ite m 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, are controls that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing disclosure controls and procedures, management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures is also based, in part, upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. The Company s management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that, as of such date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The management of DallasNews is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was conducted as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment using the criteria set forth by COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 19 
 
 Table of Contents 

PART III Ite m 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information set forth under the headings DallasNews Corporation Stock Ownership, Proposal One: Election of Directors, Corporate Governance Committees of the Board Audit Committee, Corporate Governance Committees of the Board Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Information About Our Executive Officers contained in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 11, 2023, is incorporated herein by reference. DallasNews has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees, which can be found at the Company s website, dallasnewscorporation.com . The Company will post any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, on the Company s website. Information on DallasNews website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s board of directors adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines and charters for the Audit, Compensation and Management Development, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of the Board of Directors. These documents can be found at the Company s website, dallasnewscorporation.com . Shareholders can also obtain, without charge, printed copies of any of the materials referred to above by contacting the Company at the following address: DallasNews Corporation P. O. Box 224866 Dallas, Texas 75222-4866 Attn: Investor Relations Telephone: (214) 977-8869 Ite m 11. Executive Compensation The information set forth under the headings Corporate Governance Committees of the Board Compensation and Management Development Committee, Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table, Change in Control Arrangements and Other Agreements Upon Termination of Employment, Potential Payments on Change in Control or Upon Termination of Employment at December 31, 2022, Corporate Governance Director Compensation contained in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 11, 2023, is incorporated herein by reference. Ite m 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information set forth under the headings DallasNews Corporation Stock Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers and Equity Compensation Plan Information contained in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 11, 2023, is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans is included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Standards . Ite m 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information set forth under the heading Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance Director Independence contained in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 11, 2023, is incorporated herein by reference. Ite m 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information set forth under the heading Proposal Two: Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm contained in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 11, 2023, is incorporated herein by reference. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 20 
 
 Table of Contents 

PART IV It em 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (1) The consolidated financial statements listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the table of contents are filed as part of this report. (2) All financial statement schedules were omitted because they are not applicable, are not required, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. (3) Exhibits: 
 Exhibits marked with an asterisk ) are incorporated by reference to documents previously filed by the Company with the SEC, as indicated. In accordance with Regulation S-T, the XBRL-related information marked with a double asterisk in Exhibit No. 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K is deemed filed. All other documents are filed with this report. Exhibits marked with a tilde (~) are management contracts, compensatory plan contracts or arrangements filed pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Formation of A. H. Belo Corporation (successor to A. H. Belo Texas, Inc.)(Exhibit 3.1 to the April 23, 2018 Form 8-K) 3.2 Certificate of Merger (Delaware) of A. H. Belo Corporation with and into A. H. Belo Texas, Inc. (Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 2, 2018 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741) (the July 2, 2018 Form 8-K )) 3.3 Certificate of Merger (Texas) of A. H. Belo Corporation with and into A. H. Belo Texas, Inc. (Exhibit 3.4 to the July 2, 2018 Form 8-K) 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation effective June 8, 2021 (Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2021 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741)) 3.5 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation (changing Company name to DallasNews Corporation) effective June 29, 2021 (Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report of Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2021 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741) (the June 30, 2021 Form 8-K )) 3.6 Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Amendment (Exhibit 3.2 to the June 30, 2021 Form 8-K) 3.7 Amended and Restated Bylaws of DallasNews Corporation (Exhibit 3.3 to the June 30, 2021 Form 8-K) 4.1 Description of Capital Stock (Exhibit 4.1 to the July 2, 2018 Form 8-K) 10.1 Material Contracts (1) Sublease Agreement for Old Dallas Library Building dated December 30, 2016 (Exhibit 10.1 to A. H. Belo Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2017 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001 - 33741) (the January 3, 2017 Form 8-K )) (2) Guaranty of Lease dated December 30, 2016 (Exhibit 10.2 to the January 3, 2017 Form 8-K) (3) Paper Supply Agreement effective as of August 5, 2019, by and between The Dallas Morning News, Inc. and Gannett Supply Corporation (Exhibit 10.1 to A. H. Belo Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2019 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741)) 

DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 21 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description (4) Purchase and Sale Agreement effective as of May 17, 2019, by and between The Dallas Morning News, Inc. and Charter DMN Holdings, LP, together with related Promissory Note dated May 17, 2019, in the original principal amount of 22.4 million made by Charter DMN Holdings, LP, payable to The Dallas Morning News, Inc. (Exhibit 10.1 to A. H. Belo Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 17, 2019 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741)) (a) Modification Agreement effective April 1, 2020 to Promissory Note dated May 17, 2020 (Exhibit 10.1 to the April 6, 2020 Form 8-K) (b) Promissory Note (Interest and Property Tax Reconciliation) effective April 1, 2020 (Exhibit 10.2 to the April 6, 2020 Form 8-K) (c) Second Modification Agreement effective June 30, 2021 (Exhibit 10.1 to the June 30, 2021 Form 8-K) (d) Third Modification Agreement effective June 30, 2022 (Exhibit 10.1 to DallasNews Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2022 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741)) 10.2 Compensatory plans and arrangements: ~(1) DallasNews Savings Plan as Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2022 (Exhibit 10.2(1) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741)) ~(2) A. H. Belo 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan (Exhibit I to A. H. Belo Corporation s Schedule 14A Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2017) (a) Form of A. H. Belo 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan Evidence of Grant (for Non-Employee Directors) (Exhibit 10.1 to A. H. Belo Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2017 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741) (the May 12, 2017 Form 8-K )) (b) Form of A. H. Belo 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan Evidence of Grant (for Employee Awards) (Exhibit 10.2 to the May 12, 2017 Form 8-K) (c) First Amendment to the A. H. Belo 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan (Exhibit 10.1 to the July 2, 2018 Form 8-K) (d) Second Amendment to the A. H. Belo 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan (Exhibit 10.3 to A. H. Belo Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 11, 2018 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741)) (e) Third Amendment to the A. H. Belo 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan (changing name of plan to the DallasNews 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan) (Exhibit 10.1 to A. H. Belo Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 18, 2021 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741)) ~(3) Form of A. H. Belo Cash Long-Term Incentive Compensation Evidence of Grant (for Employee Awards) (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 - K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2019 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741)) ~(4) Robert W. Decherd Compensation Agreement dated May 12, 2022 (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2022 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741) (the May 12, 2022 Form 8-K )) ~(5) Grant S. Moise Compensation Agreement dated May 12, 2022 (Exhibit 10.2 to the May 12, 2022 Form 8-K) ~(6) Katy Murray Compensation Agreement dated May 12, 2022 (Exhibit 10.3 to the May 12, 2022 Form 8-K) 

DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 22 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.3 Agreements relating to the separation of A. H. Belo from its former parent company: (1) Pension Plan Transfer Agreement by and between Belo Corp. and A. H. Belo Corporation dated as of October 6, 2010 (Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current Report on Form 8 - K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 8, 2010 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001-33741)) (2) Agreement among the Company, Belo Corp., and The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, effective March 9, 2011 (Exhibit 10.3(6) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 - K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2011 (Securities and Exchange Commission File No. 001 - 33741)) 21 Subsidiaries of the Company 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 24 Power of Attorney (set forth on the signature page(s) hereof) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 23 
 
 Table of Contents 

SI GNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. DALLASNEWS CORPORATION By: /s/ Grant S. Moise Grant S. Moise Chief Executive Officer Dated: March 9, 2023 

DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 24 
 
 Table of Contents 

Ex hibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned hereby constitute and appoint Grant S. Moise and Katy Murray, and each of them and their substitutes, our true and lawful attorneys-in-fact with full power to execute in our name and behalf in the capacities indicated below any and all amendments to this report and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and hereby ratify and confirm all that such attorneys-in-fact, or any of them, or their substitutes shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Signature Title Date /s/ Grant S. Moise Chief Executive Officer March 9, 2023 Grant S. Moise /s/ Robert W. Decherd Executive Chairman of the Board March 9, 2023 Robert W. Decherd /s/ John A. Beckert Director March 9, 2023 John A. Beckert /s/ Louis E. Caldera Director March 9, 2023 Louis E. Caldera /s/ Ronald D. McCray Director March 9, 2023 Ronald D. McCray /s/ Dunia A. Shive Director March 9, 2023 Dunia A. Shive /s/ Katy Murray President and Chief Financial Officer March 9, 2023 Katy Murray (Principal Financial Officer) 

DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 25 
 
 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board of Directors and Shareholders DallasNews Corporation Opinion on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of DallasNews Corporation (formerly known as A. H. Belo Corporation) (a Texas corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical audit matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. March 9, 2023 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 26 
 
 Table of Contents 

DallasNews Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended December 31, In thousands, except share and per share amounts 2022 2021 Net Operating Revenue: Advertising and marketing services Circulation Printing, distribution and other Total net operating revenue Operating Costs and Expense: Employee compensation and benefits Other production, distribution and operating costs Newsprint, ink and other supplies Depreciation Amortization Loss on sale/disposal of assets, net Asset impairments Total operating costs and expense Operating loss Other income (loss), net Loss Before Income Taxes Income tax provision (benefit) Net Loss Per Share Basis Net loss Basic Number of common shares used in the per share calculation: Basic 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 27 
 
 Table of Contents 

DallasNews Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Years Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Net Loss Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax: Amortization of actuarial losses Actuarial losses Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Total Comprehensive Loss 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 28 
 
 Table of Contents 

DallasNews Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, December 31, In thousands, except share amounts 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable (net of allowance of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) Notes receivable Inventories Prepaids and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, at cost Less accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred income taxes, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Other accrued expense Contract liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term pension liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other post-employment benefits Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; Authorized shares; issued Common stock, par value; Authorized shares Series A: issued and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Series B: issued and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Treasury stock, Series A, at cost; shares held at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated deficit Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 29 
 
 Table of Contents 

DallasNews Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Common Stock Treasury Stock In thousands, except share and per share amounts Shares Series A Shares Series B Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Shares Series A Amount Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Balance at December 31, 2020 Net loss Other comprehensive income Conversion of Series B to Series A Dividends declared per share) Fractional shares paid out related to the reverse stock split Reduction of shares at par value related to the reverse stock split Balance at December 31, 2021 Net loss Other comprehensive loss Conversion of Series B to Series A Dividends declared per share) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 30 
 
 Table of Contents 

DallasNews Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Operating Activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used for operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Net periodic costs and contributions related to employee benefit plans Bad debt expense Deferred income taxes Provision, interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions Loss on sale/disposal of assets, net Asset impairments Changes in working capital and other operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories, prepaids and other current assets Other assets Accounts payable Compensation and benefit obligations Other accrued expenses Contract liabilities Other post-employment benefits Net cash used for operating activities Investing Activities Purchases of assets Sales of assets Note payment received for asset sales Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities Financing Activities Dividends paid Fractional share payments related to the reverse stock split Net cash used for financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 31 
 
 Table of Contents 

DallasNews Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements employees of which approximately percent were represented by a labor union. The Company is in the process of finalizing an initial collective bargaining agreement. While there have not been any operational disruptions to date, the Company cannot predict the timing or outcome of these negotiations. per share, which became effective June 8, 2021. As a result, every four shares of the Company s issued and outstanding Series A common stock and Series B common stock (and any such shares held in treasury) were converted into one share of Series A common stock and Series B common stock, respectively. All fractional shares were settled in cash, in connection with the reverse stock split, on June 9, 2021. The par value of the Series A and Series B common stock was not adjusted as a result of the reverse stock split and the Company reclassified an amount equal to the reduction in the number of Company shares at par value to additional paid-in capital. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 32 
 
 Table of Contents 

reportable segment. and , respectively. Write-offs, net of recoveries and other adjustments for 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. allowance recorded for the notes receivable or accrued interest receivable. Buildings and improvements - years Publishing equipment - years Other - years Construction in process Total Less accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net 

DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 33 
 
 Table of Contents 

at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the Company recognizes income or loss upon the receipt of dividends or distributions, or upon liquidation of the investment. The Company evaluates its ability to recover the carrying value of cost method investments based upon operating results and the financial strength of the investee. If the Company determines the carrying value is not recoverable, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the fair value of the investment and the carrying value. shares of the Company s Series A and Series B common stock are authorized and remain available for equity-based awards. The authorized shares were adjusted in connection with the reverse stock split on June 8, 2021, discussed above. Like its predecessor plan, awards under the 2017 Plan may be granted to DallasNews employees and outside directors in the form of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted share awards, RSUs, performance shares, performance units or stock appreciation rights. stock-based awards outstanding . vote per share and Series B common stock has votes per share. Shares of Series B common stock are convertible at any time on a share-for-share basis into shares of Series A common stock, but not vice versa. 
 
 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 34 
 
 Table of Contents 

DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 35 
 
 Table of Contents 

Digital advertising and marketing services Total Circulation Print circulation Digital circulation Total Printing, Distribution and Other Total Revenue 
 Advertising and Marketing Services Print advertising is comprised of display, classified and preprint advertising revenue. Display revenue results from sales of advertising space within the Company s core newspapers and niche publications to local, regional or national businesses with local operations, affiliates or resellers. Classified revenue, which includes automotive, real estate, employment, obituaries and other, results from sales of advertising space in the classified and other sections of the Company s newspapers. Preprint revenue results from sales of preprinted advertisements or circulars inserted into the Company s core newspapers, niche publications, and distributed to publications in other markets, or distributed by mail or through third-party distributors to households in targeted areas in order to provide total market coverage for advertisers. The Company s capabilities allow its advertisers to target preprint distribution selectively at the sub-zip code level in order to optimize coverage for the advertisers locations. Preprint advertising also includes other services revenue related to the Company s niche publications. Digital advertising and marketing services revenue consists of strategic marketing services, consulting, branding, paid media strategy and management, creative services, search optimization, direct mail and the sale of promotional materials, as well as providing multi-channel marketing solutions through subscription sales of the Company s cloud-based software. In addition, it includes digital sales of banner, classified and native advertisements on the Company s news and entertainment-related websites and mobile apps, as well as targeted and multi-channel (programmatic) advertising placed on third-party websites. Advertising and marketing services revenue is primarily recognized at a point in time when the ad or service is complete and delivered, based on the customers contract price. Barter advertising transactions are recognized at estimated fair value based on the negotiated contract price and the range of prices for similar advertising from customers unrelated to the barter transaction. The Company expenses barter costs as incurred, which is independent from the timing of revenue recognition. In addition, certain digital advertising revenue related to website access is recognized over time, based on the customers monthly rate. The Company typically extends credit to advertising and marketing services customers, although for certain advertising campaigns the customer may pay in advance. For ads placed on certain third-party websites, the Company must evaluate and use judgment to determine whether it is acting as the principal, where revenue is reported on a gross basis, or acting as the agent, where revenue is reported on a net basis. Generally, the Company reports advertising revenue for ads placed on third-party websites on a net basis, meaning the amount recorded to revenue is the amount billed to the customer net of amounts paid to the publisher of the third-party website. The Company is acting as the agent because the publisher controls the advertising inventory. The Company will record certain arrangements gross when it has latitude in establishing price or it determines the placement of the ads as a value added service to the customer. Circulation Print circulation revenue is generated primarily by selling home delivery subscriptions, including premium publications, and from single copy sales to non-subscribers. Home delivery revenue is recognized over the subscription period based on the days of actual delivery over the total subscription days and single copy revenue is recognized at a point in time when the paper is purchased. Revenue is directly reduced for any non-payment for the grace period of home delivery subscriptions where the Company recorded revenue for newspapers delivered after a subscription expired. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 36 
 
 Table of Contents 

of revenue that was included in the contract liabilities balance as of December 31, 2021. The Company typically recognizes deferred revenue within to months. Practical Expedients and Exemptions The Company generally expenses sales commissions and circulation acquisition costs when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs are recorded within employee compensation and benefits expense and other production, distribution and operating costs expense, respectively. year to years. The Company subleases office space in Dallas, Texas, with a remaining lease term of approximately . Additionally, the Company has various subleases with distributors, for distribution center space, with varying remaining lease terms of less than to and are cancellable with notice by either party. The Company terminated the lease and sublease agreements for the office space of the Denton Publishing Company, resulting in a right-of-use asset impairment of recorded in the second quarter of 2022. In 2021, the Company subleased office space in Dallas, Texas at a lower rate than the head lease, resulting in a right-of-use asset impairment of . Sublease income is included in p rinting, distribution and other revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, sublease income is expected to approximate in 2023 and in 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the Company renewed three operating leases with lease terms of , which will result in a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately in aggregate upon commencement in the first quarter of 2023. In addition, the Company renewed an operating lease with a lease term of , which will result in a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately upon commencement in the second quarter of 2023. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 37 
 
 Table of Contents 

Liabilities Operating Current Other accrued expense Noncurrent Long-term operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities Lease Term and Discount Rate Operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate ) 
 The table below sets forth components of lease cost and supplemental cash flow information for the Company s leases. Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income Total lease cost Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for operating leases included in operating activities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 The table below sets forth the remaining maturities of the Company s lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease liabilities 

DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 State Total current Deferred Federal State Total deferred Valuation Allowance Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 
 The table below reconciles the income tax benefit computed by applying the applicable United States federal income tax rate to the income tax provision (benefit) computed at the effective income tax rate. State income tax (net of federal benefit) Valuation allowance Nondeductible expenses Uncertain tax position reserve Deferred adjustment Other Income tax provision (benefit) Effective income tax rate 
 The income tax provision of recorded in 2022, was due to the effect of the Texas franchise tax. An income tax benefit of was recorded in 2021. The benefit was primarily due to the release of , included in other liabilities, for a federal uncertain tax reserve resulting from the statute of limitations lapsing in August 2021, partially offset by the effect of the Texas franchise tax. The Company made income tax payments, net of refunds, of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (the ARP Act ), was passed and signed into law on March 11, 2021, and was designed to speed up the United States economic recovery. The ARP Act contains many provisions, including direct cash payments to eligible taxpayers below specified income limits, extended unemployment insurance benefits, additional relief designed to prevent layoffs and business closures at small businesses, and pension relief provisions. The pension relief provisions include extending the interest rate relief passed in previous years, permanently adding a floor to funding interest rates, and permanently changing the amortization period for pension underfunding from to years. All provisions are required to be effective for plan years beginning in 2022, but plan sponsors can elect certain provisions to apply to plan years beginning as early as 2019. The Company benefited from the shortfall amortization relief provisions and the segment interest rate relief provisions contained in the ARP Act effective for the 2020 plan year. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (the Act was enacted and signed into law. The Act is a budget reconciliation package that includes significant law changes relating to tax, climate change, energy, and health care. The tax provisions include, among other items, a corporate alternative minimum tax of percent, an excise tax of percent on corporate stock buy-backs, energy-related tax credits, and additional IRS funding. Certain provisions, including the corporate alternative minimum tax and excise tax on corporate stock buy-backs, do not become effective until tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The U.S. Department of the Treasury and the IRS are expected to release further regulations and interpretive guidance implementing the legislation contained in the Act, but the details and timing of such regulations are subject to uncertainty at this time. The Company continues to evaluate the impacts of this legislation as additional guidance is released; however, it does not expect a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 39 
 
 Table of Contents 

Investments Tax depreciation less than book depreciation Expenses deductible for tax purposes in a year different from the year accrued Lease liability Deferred compensation and benefits Book amortization in excess of tax amortization State taxes Net operating loss carryforward Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Gross Deferred Tax Liabilities: Right-of-use asset Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net Deferred Tax Assets 
 The presentation of net deferred tax assets and liabilities for each jurisdiction are presented as noncurrent within the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the taxes are actually paid or recovered. The Company recognizes a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not that these assets will not be realized. In making this determination, all positive and negative evidence is considered, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, tax planning strategies, future taxable income and taxable income in prior carryback years. In 2022, the valuation allowance increased , of which arose from deferred tax assets related to amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss that are fully reserved by a valuation allowance. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a federal net operating loss carryforward of , of which expires in 2037 and does not have an expiration. The annual utilization of the portion of the federal net operating loss, which does not have an expiration, is limited to percent of taxable income in tax years beginning after January 1, 2021. The Company has a state net operating loss of , which will begin to expire in 2033. Uncertain tax positions are evaluated and a liability is recognized for the tax benefit associated with uncertain positions only if it is more-likely-than-not that the positions will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the positions. The Company assesses its filing positions in all significant jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns for all open tax years. The Company s federal income tax return for December 31, 2014 and for tax years subsequent to December 31, 2016 remain subject to examination, and income tax returns in major state income tax jurisdictions where the Company operated remain subject to examination. The statute of limitations associated with the December 31, 2014 federal return was extended in 2020 due to the net operating loss carryback pursuant to the CARES Act. The Company has recorded a reserve for the tax benefit related to uncertain tax positions existing as of December 31, 2022 in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The table below sets forth a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefit. Decrease related to statute of limitations expiring Balance at December 31) and for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and penalty expense of for 2022 and 2021, included in other income (loss), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Accrued interest and penalty at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In 2021, the Company recorded a tax benefit of and of interest income due to the release of a fed eral uncertain tax reserve and related interest resulting from the statute of limitations lapsing in August 2021. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 40 
 
 Table of Contents 

current and former employees of the Company. DallasNews Pension Plan I provides benefits to certain current and former employees primarily employed with The Dallas Morning News or the DallasNews corporate offices. DallasNews Pension Plan II provides benefits to certain former employees of The Providence Journal Company. This obligation was retained by the Company upon the sale of the newspaper operations of The Providence Journal . additional benefits are accruing under the DallasNews Pension Plans, as future benefits were frozen. The Company is the sole sponsor of the Pension Plans and is required to meet certain pension funding requirements as established under the Employment Retirement Income Security Act ERISA ). Instability in global and domestic capital markets may result in low returns on the assets contributed to the Pension Plans. Additionally, low yields on corporate bonds may decrease the discount rate, resulting in a higher funding obligation. Although legislation was enacted into law in 2012, which provided limited funding relief, market conditions could materially increase the funding requirements associated with the Pension Plans, with an adverse effect on the Company s liquidity and financial condition. The Company was not required to make contributions to the DallasNews Pension Plans in 2022 and 2021 under ERISA. On August 31, 2022, the Company made a board approved voluntary contribution of to the Pension Plans, reflected in long-term pension liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company will continue to evaluate the feasibility of de-risking strategies based on the economic benefits to the Company. Actuarial losses of and were recorded to other comprehensive income (loss) in 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the Pension Plans; see Note 6 - Shareholders Equity for information on amounts recorded to accumulated other comprehensive loss. The table below sets forth summarized financial information about the DallasNews Pension Plans. Interest cost Actuarial gain Benefit payments Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Return on plan assets Employer contributions Benefit payments Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded Status Amounts Recorded on the Balance Sheet Long-term pension liabilities Accumulated Benefit Obligation 
 Net Periodic Pension Expense (Benefit) The projected benefit obligations of the DallasNews Pension Plans are estimated using the FTSE Pension Discount Curve, which is based upon a portfolio of high-quality corporate debt securities with maturities that correlate to the expected timing of estimated benefit payments to the Pension Plans participants. Future estimated benefit payments are discounted to their present value at the appropriate yield curve spot rate to determine the projected benefit obligation outstanding at each year end. The single equivalent discount rate as of December 31, 2022, was percent and percent for December 31, 2021. The significant gains related to changes in the projected benefit obligation for 2022 and 2021, were primarily due to the movement in the discount rate. Interest expense included in net periodic pension benefit is based on the FTSE Pension Discount Curve established at the beginning of the fiscal year. The discount rate for fiscal year 2022 and 2021 interest cost was percent and percent, respectively. The Company assumed a percent and percent long-term return on the Pension Plans assets in 2022 and 2021, respectively. This return is based upon historical returns of similar investment pools having asset allocations consistent with the expected allocations of the DallasNews Pension Plans. Investment strategies for the Pension Plans assets are based upon factors such as the effective duration of the actuarial liabilities and market risks. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 41 
 
 Table of Contents 

Expected return on plans assets Amortization of actuarial loss Net periodic pension expense (benefit) 
 Plan Assets The Company is responsible for directing the investment strategies of the DallasNews Pension Plans assets. The investment strategies focus on asset class diversification, liquidity to meet benefit payments and an appropriate balance of long-term investment return and risks. In 2022, the long-term targeted allocation of the Pension Plans assets invested in equity securities and fixed income securities was approximately percent and percent, respectively. In 2021 management and the board agreed that the Pension Plans investment portfolio should be further de-risked to percent liability hedging assets. These targets are determined based on the effective duration of the actuarial liabilities, the expected long-term rate of return on assets, and expected market risks. Investment risk is continuously monitored and Pension Plans assets are rebalanced to target allocations to meet the Company s strategy and the Pension Plans liquidity needs. At December 31, 2022, the Pension Plans investments in equity securities and fixed income securities accounted for percent and percent of the total noncash holdings, respectively. The table below sets forth the DallasNews Pension Plans assets at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, with inputs used to develop fair value measurements. Equity Funds U.S. equity securities International equity securities Fixed Income Funds Domestic corporate and government debt securities Domestic corporate debt securities International corporate and government debt securities Total 
 Inputs and valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of Pension Plans assets vary according to the type of asset being valued. Cash and money market funds are designated as Level I. Remaining investments are in commingled funds and fair values are determined by the fund manager primarily based upon closing market quotes of the assets. Equity securities held through units in these funds are monitored as to issuer and industry. As of December 31, 202 2, there were no significant concentrations of equity or debt securities in any single issuer or industry. 
 
 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 42 
 
 Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 The Company currently does not expect to make contributions to the DallasNews Pension Plans in 2023 and no contributions are required to these plans in 2023 under ERISA. Other defined benefit plans. DallasNews also sponsors other post-employment benefit (the OPEB plans, which provide health and life insurance benefits for certain retired employees. These plans were frozen subsequent to the separation from the Company s former parent company; therefore, no future benefits accrue and on-going service costs are not a component of net periodic benefit cost. The Company recorded a liability of and related to the OPEB plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A net periodic benefit cost of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, was recorded to other income (loss), net. The net periodic benefit cost primarily represents amortization of actuarial gains (losses) and prior service costs, offset by interest expense associated with the actuarial liability. Actuarial gains (losses) of and were recorded to other comprehensive income (loss) in 2022 and 2021, respectively; see Note 6 - Shareholders Equity . Defined Contribution Plans. The DallasNews Savings Plan (the Savings Plan ), a defined contribution 401(k) plan, covers substantially all employees of DallasNews. Participants may elect to contribute a portion of their pretax compensation as provided by the Savings Plan and the Internal Revenue Code. Employees can contribute up to percent of their annual eligible compensation less required withholdings and deductions up to statutory limits. The Company provides an ongoing dollar-for-dollar match of eligible employee contributions, up to percent of the employees compensation. The Company recorded expense of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, for matching contributions to the Savings Plan. per share, which became effective June 8, 2021. See Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Standards for additional information. Dividends. Quarterly dividends returned and to shareholders in 2022 and 2021, respectively. On , the Company s board of directors declared a per share dividend to shareholders of record as of the close of business on , paid on . Outstanding Shares. The Company had Series A and Series B common stock outstanding of and , respectively, net of treasury shares at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, the Company had Series A and Series B common stock outstanding of and , respectively, net of treasury shares. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss. Accumulated other comprehensive loss consists of actuarial gains and losses attributable to the DallasNews Pension Plans, gains and losses resulting from Pension Plans amendments and other actuarial experience attributable to OPEB plans. The Company records amortization of the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss in other income (loss), net in its Consolidated Statements of Operations. Gains and losses are amortized over the weighted average remaining life expectancy of the OPEB plans and Pension Plans participants. 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Amortization Actuarial gains (losses) Balance, end of period )) Shares (Denominator) Weighted average common shares outstanding (basic) Loss Per Share Basic 
 options or RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, that would result in dilution of shares or the calculation of EPS under the two-class method as prescribed under ASC 260 Earnings Per Share . for the next five years and thereafter, for operating leases, primarily for office space and other distribution centers, some of which include escalating lease payments. See Note 3 Leases for future lease payments by year. In December 2016, the Dallas Morning News, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a -year lease agreement for office space for the Company s new corporate headquarters. The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis. Per the amended lease agreement, rent payments began in November 2018. Total lease expense for property and equipment was and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company funds the DallasNews Pension Plans to meet or exceed statutory requirements. The Company currently does not expect to make contributions to the DallasNews Pension Plans in 2023 and contributions are required to these plans in 2023 under the applicable tax and labor laws governing pension plan funding; see Note 5 - Pension and Other Retirement Plans . 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 44 
 
 Table of Contents 

Noncash investing and financing activities: Investments in property, plant and equipment payable Dividends payable 
 and a pretax gain of . The sale price consisted of cash received, after selling costs of approximately , and a two year seller-financed promissory note of (the Promissory Note ), included in current notes receivable in the December 31, 2021 Consolidated Balance Sheet. Effective June 30, 2022, the Company and the Purchaser entered into an agreement extending the maturity date of the Promissory Note to (the Third Modification Agreement ). The unpaid, original principal balance of the Promissory Note accrued interest at the rate of percent. On July 29, 2022, the Company was paid in full, receiving cash proceeds of , including interest, due from the Purchaser under the Third Modification Agreement. In 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and , respectively, of interest income related to the Promissory Note, included in other income (loss), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In 2021, the Company sold inactive IP addresses for , included in other income (loss), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. , the Company s board of directors declared a per share dividend to shareholders of record as of the close of business on , which is payable on . 

 DallasNews Corporation 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 45 

<EX-21>
 2
 daln-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21

Exhibit 21 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF DALLASNEWS CORPORATION 

(As of December 31, 20 2 2 

Subsidiary 

State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

A. H. Belo Management Services, Inc. 

Delaware 

Belo Lead Management LLC 

Delaware 

NewsRight, LLC 

Delaware 

AHC California Dispositions, Inc. 

Delaware 

AHC California Properties, LLC 

Delaware 

AHC Dallas Properties, LLC 

Delaware 

Distribion, Inc. 

Delaware 

CDFX, LLC 

Delaware 

Vertical Nerve, Inc. 

Delaware 

Belo Enterprises, Inc. 

Delaware 

Belo Interactive, Inc. 

Delaware 

Belo Investments II, Inc. 

Delaware 

Belo Company (The) 

Delaware 

Cubic Creative, Inc. 

Texas 

Dallas Morning News, Inc. (The) 

Delaware 

DMI Acquisition Sub, Inc. 

Delaware 

Fountain Street Corporation 

Rhode Island 

Medium Giant Company, Inc. 

Delaware 

Providence Journal Company (The) 

Delaware 

Non-wholly owned 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 daln-20221231xex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1 CONSENT GRANT THORNTON

Exhibit 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our report dated March 9 , 202 3 , with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of DallasNews Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 2 . We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statement of DallasNews Corporation on Form S-8 (File No. 333-218601). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Dallas, Texas 

March 9 , 20 2 3 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 daln-20221231xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 

I, Grant S. Moise , Chief Executive Officer of DallasNews Corporation, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed th e A nnual R eport on Form 10-K of DallasNews Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ Grant S. Moise 

Grant S. Moise 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 

March 9 , 20 2 3 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 daln-20221231xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 

I, Katy Murr a y, President and Chief Financial Officer of DallasNews Corporation, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed th e A nnual R eport on Form 10-K of DallasNews Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ Katy Murr ay 

Katy Murr a y 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 

March 9 , 20 2 3 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 daln-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of DallasNews Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 20 2 2 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Grant S . Moise , Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Katy Murr a y , President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 

/s/ Grant S. Moise 

Grant S. Moise 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 

March 9 , 20 2 3 

By: 

/s/ Katy Murr a y 

Katy Murr a y 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 

March 9 , 202 3 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 daln-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 daln-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 daln-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 daln-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 daln-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

