<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_897429_0000897429-23-000044.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10792649</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>340369</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2295766</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3256256</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2440644</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2285646</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000897429-23-000044.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314091247
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000897429-23-000044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230128
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHICO'S FAS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000897429
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-WOMEN'S CLOTHING STORES [5621]
		IRS NUMBER:				592389435
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0128

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16435
		FILM NUMBER:		23729347

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11215 METRO PKWY
		CITY:			FT MYERS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33966-1206
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2392776200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11215 METRO PKY
		CITY:			FT MYERS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33966-1206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHICOS FAS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000897429-23-000044.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 chs-20230128.htm
 10-K

chs-20230128 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements 
 of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant 
 to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant: 
 Approximately as of July 30, 2022, based upon the closing stock price on July 30, 2022 as reported by the NYSE. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share shares as of February 27, 2023. 

Table of Contents 

 CHICO S FAS, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED JANUARY 28, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I 
 2 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. Properties 
 25 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 PART II 
 26 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 27 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 73 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 73 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 75 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 75 
 PART III 
 75 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 75 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 75 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 75 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 76 
 PART IV 
 77 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 77 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 81 
 SIGNATURES 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. See Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Forward-Looking Statements. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 Chico s FAS, Inc. 1 is a Florida-based fashion company founded in 1983 on Sanibel Island, Florida. The Company reinvented the fashion retail experience by creating fashion communities anchored by service, which put the customer at the center of everything we do. As one of the leading fashion retailers in North America, Chico s FAS is a company of three unique brands operating under the Chico's , White House Black Market WHBM and Soma brand names - each thriving in their own white space, founded by women, led by women, providing solutions that millions of women say give them confidence and joy. We sometimes refer to our Chico's and WHBM brands collectively as our Apparel Group. Our distinct lifestyle brands target the needs of fashion-savvy women with moderate-to-high household income levels. We earn revenue and generate cash through the sale of merchandise in our domestic retail stores, our various Company-operated e-commerce websites, our call center (which takes orders for all of our brands), through unaffiliated franchise partners and through third-party channels. As of January 28, 2023, we operated 1,269 stores across 46 states, Puerto Rico and the United States U.S. Virgin Islands, and sold merchandise through 58 international franchise locations in Mexico and 2 domestic airport locations. 
 We utilize an integrated, omnichannel approach to managing our business. We want our customers to experience our brands holistically and to view the various retail channels we operate as a single, integrated experience rather than as separate sales channels operating independently. This approach allows our customers to browse, purchase, return or exchange our merchandise through whatever sales channel and at whatever time is most convenient. As a result, we track total sales and comparable sales on a combined basis. 
 We offer high quality and unique merchandise, supported by outstanding personalized customer service. While each of our brands has a distinct customer base, the overall portfolio caters to a broad age and economic demographic, with moderate-to-high household income levels. 
 Our fiscal years end on the Saturday closest to January 31 and are designated by the calendar year in which the fiscal year commences. The periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023 fiscal 2022 , 2022 or current period ), January 29, 2022 fiscal 2021 , 2021 or prior period ), January 30, 2021 fiscal 2020 or 2020 ), and February 1, 2020 fiscal 2019 or 2019 ). Each of these periods had 52 weeks. 

_______________________ 
 1 As used in this report, all references to we, us, our, the Company, and Chico's FAS refer to Chico s FAS, Inc., a Florida corporation, and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Our Brands 
 The Company's brands, described in more detail below, are organized into three operating segments and aggregated into one reportable segment due to the similarities of the economic and operating characteristics of the brands. 
 Chico s 
 Our Chico s brand began operations in 1983 and primarily sells exclusively designed, private branded clothing focusing on women with moderate-to-high household income levels. The style sensibility is chic and artful, and the brand is known for color and unique completer pieces, from signature jackets to jewelry and accessories that finish the look. Chico's apparel, including the Black Label TM , Zenergy and Travelers TM collections, emphasizes an effortless, chic style, comfort and relaxed fit. Accessories and jewelry are original and designed to elevate the clothing assortment, allowing our customer to individualize her personal style. 
 The distinctive nature of Chico s clothing is also reflected in its sizing, which is comprised of sizes 000, 00 (size 0-2), 0 (size 4-6), 1 (size 8-10), 2 (size 12-14), 3 (size 16-18) and 4 (size 20-22). Chico s will occasionally offer half-sizes (up to 3.5), one-size-fits-all, petite sizes, short and tall inseams, and small, medium and large sizing for some items. The relaxed fit allows us to utilize this kind of sizing and thus offer a wide selection of clothing without investing in a large number of sizes within a single style. 
 Chico's is vertically integrated, controlling almost all aspects of the apparel design process, including choices of pattern, print, construction, design specifications, fabric, finishes and color through in-house designers, purchased designs and independent suppliers. 
 White House Black Market 
 The WHBM brand began operations in 1985 and was acquired by the Company in September 2003. WHBM is dedicated to being a go-to style destination and authority on wardrobe building. WHBM primarily sells exclusively designed, private branded clothing focusing on women with moderate-to-high household income levels. WHBM offers a modern collection to support her every lifestyle moment, selling stylish and versatile clothing and accessory items, including everyday basics and premium denim, polished casual apparel, tailored relaxed workwear, black and white pieces, and feminine all-occasion dresses. The accessories at WHBM, such as shoes, belts, scarves, handbags and jewelry, are specifically designed to coordinate with each collection, allowing customers to easily individualize their wardrobe selections. 
 WHBM uses American sizes in the 00-14 range (with online sizes up to 16), including petite sizing, as well as short and long inseams, and small, medium and large sizing for some items. The fit of the WHBM clothing is tailored to complement the figure of a body-conscious woman, while still remaining comfortable. 
 WHBM is vertically integrated, controlling almost all aspects of the apparel design process, including choices of patterns, prints, construction, design specifications, fabric, finishes and color through in-house designers, purchased designs and independent suppliers. 
 Soma 
 The Soma brand, which began operations in 2004, primarily sells exclusively designed, private branded lingerie, sleepwear and loungewear products focusing on women who want solutions that are as comfortable as they are beautiful. The Soma brand's core franchises emphasize innovative styles that focus on fit and uncompromising comfort, including Bodify TM , Enbliss and Vanishing Back bras, Vanishing Edge panties and Cool Nights sleepwear. 
 Bras range in size from 32A-46H. The sleepwear and loungewear offerings range in size from extra small to extra-extra-large. 
 The Soma team develops product offerings by working closely with a small number of independent suppliers to design proprietary products in-house and, in some cases, designs provided by its independent suppliers under labels other than the Soma brand. 
 
 Our Business Strategy 
 Our overall business strategy is focused on building a collection of distinct high-performing retail brands primarily serving the fashion needs of women with moderate-to-high household income levels. 
 The primary function of the Company is the production and procurement of beautiful merchandise that delivers the brand promise and brand positioning of each of our brands and resonates with customers. To that end, we are continually strengthening our merchandise and design capabilities and enhancing our sourcing and supply chain to deliver product in a timely manner to our customers while also focusing on improvements to the quality and aesthetic of our merchandise. Over the long term, we may build our brand portfolio by organic development or acquisition of other specialty retail concepts if research indicates that the opportunity complements our current brands and is appropriate and in the best interest of our shareholders. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 We pursue improving the performance of our brands by building our omnichannel capabilities, growing our online presence, managing our store base, executing marketing plans, effectively leveraging expenses, considering additional sales channels and markets, and optimizing the merchandise offerings of each of our brands. We continue to invest heavily in our omnichannel capabilities so our customers can fully experience our brands in the manner they choose. 
 We view our stores and Company-operated e-commerce websites as a single, integrated sales function rather than as separate, independently operated sales channels. As a result, we maintain a shared inventory platform for our primary operations, allowing us to fulfill orders for all channels from our distribution center ("DC") in Winder, Georgia. Our domestic customers can return merchandise to a store or to our DC, regardless of the original purchase location. Using our enhanced Locate tool, we ship in-store orders from other locations directly to the customer, expediting delivery times while reducing our shipping costs. In addition, our shared inventory system, enables customers to make purchases online and ship from store. Our mobile apps launched in 2022, as well as our previously introduced customized, branded digital styling software tools, StyleConnect and MY CLOSET SM and our Buy On-Line, Pick-up In-Store (BOPIS) are driving customer engagement, loyalty and cross-channel shopping. 
 We seek to acquire new customers and retain existing customers by leveraging existing customer-specific data and through targeted marketing, including digital marketing, social media, television, catalogs and mailers. We seek to optimize the potential of our brands with innovative product offerings, potential new merchandise opportunities, and brand extensions that enhance the current offerings, as well as through our continued emphasis on our trademark Most Amazing Personal Service standard. We also will continue to consider potential alternative sales channels for our brands, including international franchise, wholesale, licensing and other opportunities. 
 We are focused on driving profitable growth through four strategic pillars of being customer led, product obsessed, digital first, and operationally excellent. 
 By being customer-led , we are focused on building community engagement, creating exceptional customer experiences, and increasing customer lifetime value. 
 We are product obsessed , delivering best-in-class merchandise to our Chico s, WHBM, and Soma customers, offering beautiful solutions that inspire confidence and joy. At each brand, we are focused on elevating Average Unit Retail and driving full-priced sales growth. 
 Digital-first means we want to strengthen our core platform and data-driven insights and decision-making. We are leveraging technology to engage and deliver to our customers across channels and brands. 
 And, to be operationally excellent , we are continually focused on diligently managing our inventory, cost of sales, supply chain, expenses, and real estate; generating healthy cash flow; and delivering a strong bottom line. 
 Our Customer Service Model 
 We strive to deliver outstanding and personalized service to our customers through our trademark Most Amazing Personal Service standard. We believe this service model is one of our competitive advantages and a key to our continued success. An important aspect to the successful implementation of this model includes specialized training provided to our Stylists and bra experts to help them better meet their customers fashion and wardrobe needs. Such needs may include help selecting clothing, intimate apparel or accessories, color and style choices, coordination of complete outfits, or suggestions as to how new pieces can add versatility to our customer s closets. Our Stylists are encouraged to develop long-term relationships with their customers, to know their customers preferences and to assist our customers in selecting merchandise best suited to their tastes and wardrobe needs. Our Stylists utilize tools including our personal closet feature, MY CLOSET TM , and StyleConnect to access customer purchase history and style preferences, offer personalized recommendations for new products, and connect with her via email, text or chat. These tools allow our Stylists to meet our customer's needs whenever and wherever she wants to shop. 
 We also serve our customers needs and build customer loyalty through our customer rewards programs. Our programs are designed to reward our loyal customers by leveraging the rich data our customers share with us to deliver a relevant and engaging experience with our brands. The benefits provided are routinely evaluated in conjunction with our overall customer relationship management and marketing activities to ensure they remain a compelling reason for customers to shop at our brands. 
 Our customer rewards programs in each of our three brands were relaunched in 2022. The enhanced programs utilize a tier model to incrementally reward customers that spend more and are focused on building customer relationships and increasing frequency. 
 We believe our customers are some of the most loyal and long-tenured in retail staying with us a meaningful twelve years at Chico s, nine years at WHBM and five years at Soma. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Our Boutiques and Outlet Stores 
 Our boutiques are located in upscale indoor shopping malls, outdoor shopping areas and standalone street-front locations in the U.S., Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Boutique locations are determined based on various factors, including, but not limited to: market and demographic characteristics, nearby competitors, our own network of existing boutiques, the location of the shopping venue, including the site within the shopping center, proposed lease terms, anchor or other co-tenants, parking accommodations and convenience. Our merchandise is also sold through international franchise locations in Mexico, including boutique locations as well as shop-in-shop formats within a department store environment. 
 Our outlet stores are primarily located in quality outlet centers. The Chico s and WHBM brand outlets contain a mixture of made-for-outlet and clearance merchandise. The made-for-outlet product carries a higher margin than the clearance items from our boutique stores. Soma outlets contain a mix of boutique and clearance merchandise. We also sell clearance merchandise on our brand websites and at www.chicosofftherack.com . We regularly review the appropriate ratio of made-for-outlet and clearance merchandise sold at our outlets and adjust that ratio as appropriate. 
 As of January 28, 2023, we operated 1,269 retail stores in 46 states, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and sold merchandise through 58 international franchise locations in Mexico and 2 domestic airport locations. The following tables set forth information concerning our retail stores during the past four fiscal years: 
 Fiscal Year Stores 2022 2021 2020 2019 Stores at beginning of year 1,266 1,302 1,341 1,418 Opened 27 1 6 Closed (24) (36) (40) (83) Total Stores 1,269 1,266 1,302 1,341 Stores by Brand 2022 2021 2020 2019 Chico s frontline boutiques 488 499 517 525 Chico s outlets 121 122 123 123 Chico's Canada 4 Chico s total 609 621 640 652 WHBM frontline boutiques 328 335 347 362 WHBM outlets 53 54 56 59 WHBM Canada 6 WHBM total 381 389 403 427 Soma frontline boutiques 259 238 241 244 Soma outlets 20 18 18 18 Soma total 279 256 259 262 Total Stores 1,269 1,266 1,302 1,341 
 Enhancing the Productivity of our Real Estate Portfolio 
 Stores continue to be an important part of our omnichannel strategy, and digital sales are higher in markets where we have a retail presence. We opened 27 new Soma stores and closed 24 underperforming locations in fiscal 2022 . The Company ended the fiscal year with 1,269 boutiques . We will continue to adjust our store base to align with our strategy. We plan to open up to 15 new Soma stores and refresh approximately 60 stores in fiscal 2023. Store closures primarily occur as leases come due, lease kickouts are available, or buyouts make economic sense. The Company anticipates closing approximately 20 stores in fiscal 2023. We will continue to evaluate our store base in light of economic conditions and our business strategy and may adjust the openings and closures as conditions require or as opportunities arise. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Exit of Canada Frontline Operations 
 On July 30, 2020, Chico s FAS Canada, Co., an immaterial subsidiary of the Company, filed for bankruptcy with the Ontario, Canada office of the Superintendent in Bankruptcy. This action resulted in the permanent closure of four Chico s and six WHBM boutiques in Ontario, Canada. In the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we exited our Canada frontline operations and recorded on a net basis a non-material charge, including the realization of a cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment. 
 Information Technology/Data Analytics 
 We are committed to making ongoing investments in information technology systems to support our strategies within customer, digital, omnichannel and supply chain. Our information systems are designed to enable us to obtain, analyze and act upon information on a timely basis and to maintain effective financial and operational controls. We periodically test new technologies and platforms to support and enhance our processes across all areas of our business. We are migrating to an industry-leading customer database and customer marketing platform to personalize the customer journey and manage all customer communication in an effort to increase traffic and conversion across all channels. 
 Digital Commerce 
 Each of our brands has a digital presence: www.chicos.com, www.chicosofftherack.com , www.whbm.com and www.soma.com . These sites provide customers the ability to shop our stores 24/7, digitally browse our inventory prior to making a trip to our stores or locate a store near them. Customers can choose to buy online, pick-up in store (BOPIS), pick up curbside or have merchandise shipped directly to them. Customers can also choose to engage with online content to learn more about the stories of how our products were made or read customer reviews on the site to help influence their purchase. We also offer various payment methods including buy now, pay later. 
 Our websites play a vital role in both our omnichannel strategy and the overall shopping experience of how we continuously put our customer in the center of everything we do. Many products are exclusively available online including extended sizes, additional style and color choices and clearance items. Online merchandise is also available for order through our call center and through clienteling applications in our stores. We also utilize ecommerce solutions and are constantly exploring new digital opportunities to expand our customer base and drive sales. 
 We remain focused on our omnichannel approach through continuous optimization to all brand websites including new features, functionality, search engine optimization and content designed to improve and evolve the customer's experience. 
 Marketing and Advertising 
 Our brands use industry-leading transactional data to develop targeted and effective marketing strategies. To optimize our marketing efforts and to attract new customers, we continue to shift our advertising from traditional media, instead placing more emphasis on digital media. We also use predictive modeling and advanced segmentation methodologies to drive customer retention and reactivation. 
 We use the following marketing and media-mix programs to engage current customers and attract prospective customers: 
 Digital marketing: mobile paid search, product listing ads, display banner advertising and remarketing, affiliate programs; 
 Social marketing: organic and paid efforts across social platforms; 
 Customer Rewards programs; 
 Editorial content; 
 Public relations; and 
 Charitable giving and outreach programs. 
 In 2023, our marketing efforts will focus on retaining existing, reactivating lapsed and attracting new customers to our iconic brands' differentiated positioning by leveraging advanced analytics and tools that support audience segmentation and personalization. 
 
 Product Sourcing 
 Our product sourcing activities are performed by a centralized shared service team that is focused on maintaining our quality standards and identifying cost-effective opportunities to improve production speed and flexibility. In fiscal 2022, Vietnam sources accounted for approximately 36 of our merchandise cost. We take ownership of merchandise either in the foreign country, at a designated point of entry into the U.S., or at our DC, depending on the specific terms of sale. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 The majority of our merchandise is purchased through suppliers with whom we have established strategic collaborations; these key suppliers represented 81 of our purchases in fiscal 2022 with our largest supplier accounting for 14 of the total. 
 Since fiscal 2017, substantial work has been done to reduce the supply chain base and agents, with the supplier base count down 34 as of the end of fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2023, our focus will be on adding new factories and suppliers to our core suppliers to enhance our overall diversification and resiliency in the face of further pandemic-related disruptions. We intend to leverage new factories with existing vendors to safeguard our future purchases and maintain scale. In some instances, we may seek new strategic partners when we deem there is too much risk in an existing relationship. We intend to maintain a vast majority of volume with our key suppliers. We plan to continue to supplement the remaining volume with a subset of market suppliers to meet any of the unique needs of the Company s brands. 
 Even though we do not own the facilities that manufacture our products, to elevate their focus on important areas pertaining to social, health and safety, security and sustainable environmental practices, we require that our manufacturers adhere to our Global Vendor Code of Conduct and other standards. We believe in a Continuous Improvement methodology and work in partnership with our suppliers to help maintain compliance with our standards. However, certain zero tolerance violations constitute grounds for locating alternative suppliers or manufacturing resources. For more information on our Global Supply Chain governance practices, see our annual Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Impact Report, which is publicly available on www.chicosfas.com . 
 Merchandise Distribution 
 The distribution function for our brands is primarily handled from our DC in Winder, Georgia. New merchandise is generally received daily at the DC. Imported merchandise is shipped from the country-of-export either by sea, air, truck or rail, as circumstances require. Domestic merchandise is primarily shipped by truck or rail. Upon arrival at our DC, merchandise is sorted and packaged for shipment to individual stores or is held for future store replenishment and direct shipment to customers. Merchandise is generally pre-ticketed with price and related informational tags at the point of manufacture. 
 Our DC has been granted Foreign Trade Zone status from both the U.S. Department of Commerce and U.S. Customs and Border Protection. This status facilitates international expansion and allows us to move certain merchandise into the DC without paying U.S. Customs duty until the merchandise is subsequently shipped to domestic stores or online customers. 
 Competition 
 The women s retail apparel and intimate apparel business is highly competitive and includes local, national and international department stores, specialty stores, boutique stores, catalog companies and online retailers. We compete with such retailers in-store and online, both domestically and internationally, and on the basis of a combination of factors, including, but not limited to, quality, style, fashion, prices and selection. We believe that our distinctively designed merchandise offerings and emphasis on customer service distinguish us from our competitors. 
 Trademarks and Service Marks 
 We are the owner of certain registered and common law trademarks and service marks (collectively referred to as Marks ). 
 Our Marks include, but are not limited to: BODIFY, CHICO S, CHICO'S OFF THE RACK, CHICO'S REWARDS+, COOL NIGHTS, EMBRACEABLE, ENBLISS, FLEXICUP, FLOATAWAY WIRE, NO IRON, SMART BRA, SOMA, SOMA INTIMATES, SOMA REWARDS+, SO SLIMMING, STYLECONNECT, TRAVELERS, VANISHING, VANISHING BACK, VANISHING EDGE, WHBM, WHBM FORME, WHBM REWARDS+, WHITE HOUSE BLACK MARKET and ZENERGY. We have registered or are seeking to register a number of these Marks in the U.S, Canada, Mexico and other foreign countries. 
 In the opinion of management, our rights in the Marks are important to our business. Accordingly, we intend to maintain our Marks and the related registrations and applications. We are not aware of any material claims of infringement or other challenges to our rights to use any registered Marks in the U.S. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the United States that could affect our business, including those promulgated under the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act, the U.S. Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and various other federal and state laws governing matters such as minimum wage requirements, overtime, fringe benefits, workplace safety and other working conditions and citizenship requirements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, we are subject to various laws and regulations regarding our products, including the Consumer Product Safety Act, the Flammable Fabrics Act, the Textile Fiber Products Identification Act, the rules and regulations of the Consumer Product Safety Commission and various environmental laws and regulations. We are also subject to various laws and regulations relating to generating emissions, water discharges, waste, product and packaging content and workplace safety. Noncompliance with these laws and regulations could result in substantial monetary penalties and criminal sanctions. 
 We are also subject to import/export controls, tariffs and other trade-related regulations and restrictions in the countries in which we have operations or otherwise do business. In recent years, these controls, tariffs, regulations and restrictions have had, and we believe may continue to have, a material impact on our business, including our ability to sell products, and to manufacture or source inventory. 
 Federal tax laws and regulations are subject to change, and any such change could materially impact our federal taxes and reduce profitability. We continually monitor federal tax legislative and regulatory developments to understand their potential impact on our profitability. 
 Other than as noted above, compliance with government regulations, including environmental regulations, has not had, and based on current information and the applicable laws and regulations currently in effect, is not expected to have a material effect on our capital expenditures (including expenditures for environmental control facilities), earnings, or competitive position. However, laws and regulations may be changed, accelerated or adopted that impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon our Company and that could negatively impact our operating results. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of January 28, 2023, we employed approximately 14,238 people, 32 of whom were full-time employees and the balance of whom were part-time employees. The number of part-time employees fluctuates during peak selling periods. As of the above date, approximately 89 of our employees worked in our boutique and outlet stores. 
 The Company strives to create a culture that attracts and retains qualified talent, with diverse backgrounds, experience and skills embodying our cultural values, to drive our strategic priorities forward and support the Company s overall goals and objectives. Our Human Resources, Compensation and Benefits Committee HRCBC meets regularly to provide formal oversight and guidance related to the Company s human capital management, including our culture, human resources programs and policies, and compensation and benefits philosophy as outlined in its charter. The HRCBC receives updates on talent, succession planning, diversity and inclusion and other strategies related to our human capital management and provides periodic updates to the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). 
 We believe the enthusiasm of our approximately 14,238 associates is one of the significant contributors to our success as a family of brands. Each and every day, we strive to create a welcoming and inclusive environment for our associates and customers. 
 Commitment to our Cultural Values 
 Our five core values shape our culture and define our character. We view them as the lenses that help inform our decisions and actions for our customers, our associates, and our Company. 
 Passion for Fashion Inhale fashion, exhale style. It s what we love. 
 Continuously Improve, Follow Your Curiosity Ask questions. Share something. Learn something. 
 Customer Centricity Our customer is at the center of everything we do, both internally and externally. 
 Be Inspired and Inspire Others Seek out diverse ideas and thoughts. Embrace new ways of thinking. 
 Be Accountable We are accountable to metrics. We are recognized for results. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We value the diverse experiences, perspectives, and backgrounds of our associates and customers. We are committed to fostering an inclusive environment that celebrates individuality, influences our culture, and helps to innovate the way we work. Our Board, largely through its Environmental, Social and Governance Committee and HRCBC, oversees our diversity and inclusion efforts, including aligning on corporate goals and receiving regular updates from internal stakeholders. The Company continues to focus on building a culture that supports fair compensation and advancement opportunities for all associates regardless of gender, race or ethnicity. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We have three main focus areas within diversity and inclusion: Attraction and Retention, Education and Training, and Customer Focus: 
 a. Attraction and Retention We believe that it is currently appropriate to focus our attraction strategy on enhancing the skills and attention of our recruitment team members, improving and leveraging digital tools to reach a more diverse audience and expanding the reach of our partnerships. We believe that, to increase retention, associates must have a sense of belonging, not only on their individual teams but within the Company. We focus on campus events and celebrations, networking opportunities, recognition, and associate network groups to enhance our culture and provide a sense of belonging for associates. 
 b. Education and Training We conduct trainings for our full-time associates and certain other associates on unconscious bias, the impact of inclusion, cultural awareness, and racial equity. Associates are able to access and complete other inclusion and diversity trainings through FASU, which is an online platform that provides access to programs and tutorials. 
 c. Customer Focus We strive to be inclusive in our designs, marketing and customer service. 
 Talent Acquisition 
 Our campus in Fort Myers, Florida is headquarters to our corporate operations, and where we primarily focus on supporting our 1,269 retail locations. 
 With stores throughout the U.S., Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and franchise locations in Mexico, as well as an online presence for each of our brands, it takes sophisticated technology, resources and infrastructure to ensure our continued success. From finance and accounting to technology, human resources, and merchandising careers, we offer diverse opportunities for talented professionals. We remain committed to and focused on attracting talent that is product and customer obsessed like us. We are an equal opportunity employer, and we seek to be inclusive in our recruitment efforts. 
 Learning and Development 
 We believe that ongoing learning is an important component of our associates success. We provide associates access to FASU, which is an online platform and provides access to programs and tutorials that can be voluntarily completed or assigned based on one s role. These include instructor-led classes, in both virtual and classroom settings, and self-led content such as articles, eLearning, and videos, each covering a variety of topics, such as leadership, personal development and compliance best practices, product knowledge and core competencies, among others. 
 All full-time associates receive annual trainings on important topics, including, but not limited to, data protection and privacy, insider trading, and unconscious bias, to assist our efforts to maintain a safe, positive, and inclusive work environment. 
 Total Rewards 
 We believe it is important to provide competitive compensation, benefits, and services that help meet the varying needs of our associates. We strive to provide market-competitive compensation for our salaried and hourly associates. A portion of our eligible associates participate in our short- and long-term incentive programs, which are designed to reward performance that meets personal and corporate objectives. We offer a full range of competitive benefit options to eligible associates that are intended to serve their overall well-being. In addition to medical and prescription drug coverage, we offer full-time associates dental and long-term disability coverage and health savings and flexible spending accounts. Both our part- and full-time associates have access to our Employee Assistance Program, and we offer eligible associates paid time-off, holiday observances and additional leave for certain life events. We also have on-site health and fitness centers at our Company headquarters and distribution center. Additionally, we offer a 401(k) plan, with associates becoming eligible for our corporate match program after one year of employment. 
 Communication and Engagement 
 We value our associates and recognize the importance of their contributions. We believe that a well-informed and engaged community is a key to our success and the achievement of our goals. 
 Giving Back to our Communities 
 The Company strives to positively impact our customers, associates and the communities in which we live and do business through community service and giving back. Our Chico s FAS Cares Volunteer Days and our paid voluntary community service hours policy give our associates the opportunity to give back by donating their time to support local charities. 
 Our brand and corporate cause-related initiatives are focused on raising awareness and funds through local, regional, and national partnerships. We support community-based philanthropic causes and disaster relief efforts by encouraging associate 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 volunteerism and customer philanthropy, including through our Soma Bra Donation program and the WHBM Give Back: Recycle Your Jeans with WHBM program. 
 Additional information regarding our human capital programs and initiatives may be found at www.chicosfas.com , including in our 2021 Impact Report. Nothing on our websites and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our websites referenced throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, our 2021 Impact Report, shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference herein unless indicated otherwise, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Available Information 
 Under the tab INVESTORS (our investor relations website of our website www.chicosfas.com ), we make available, free of charge, our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed with the SEC; these items are also available at www.sec.gov. Our investor relations website also includes recent press releases, beneficial ownership reports, institutional presentations, quarterly and institutional conference calls and other financial data, including historical store square footage and store count. 
 Our Code of Ethics, which is applicable to all of our employees including the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer and the Board is posted on our website under the tab ABOUT US within Governance Documents Charters. Any amendments to our Code of Ethics are also available on our website. With respect to our global operations, we are dedicated to conducting such operations using ethical business practices and supporting the dignity of workers. Our Global Vendor Code of Conduct extends the principles found in our Code of Ethics to our global supply chain, and we continue to partner with our suppliers on important human rights, health and safety matters. Our Global Vendor Code of Conduct can be found on our website under the RESPONSIBILITY tab within SOCIAL RESPONSBILITY, at the bottom of the webpage; also found here are our California Transparency in Supply Chains Disclosure, Conflict Minerals Policy, Environmental Policy, Human Rights Policy and Privacy Policies, as well as our Political Action Statement. In addition, the Board has an ESG Committee that meets regularly and oversees our efforts on important social and environmental sustainability issues. The Company s 2021 Impact Report, which can be found on our website under the RESPONSIBILITY tab within SOCIAL RESPONSBILITY, at the bottom of the webpage, was published in December 2022 and details the Company s efforts and accomplishments in the environmental, social and governance realms. 
 Available on our website (under the tab ABOUT US within Governance Documents Charters (or upon written request by any shareholder), charters of each of the following for our Company can be found: Audit Committee; Human Resources, Compensation and Benefits Committee; Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee; ESG Committee; Executive Committee; and Merchant Committee. Also in the same section of our website are the following: Corporate Governance Guidelines; Insider Trading Policy; Complaint Procedures for Accounting Matters (our whistleblower policy); Stock Ownership Guidelines; and Policy on Granting Equity Awards. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in our common stock involves certain risks. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks that may have a material adverse effect on the Company, and the risks described herein are not listed in order of their potential occurrence or severity. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected, and the market price for our shares could decline. There is no assurance that we have identified, assessed and appropriately addressed all risks affecting our business operations. Moreover, additional risks and uncertainties not identified herein could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition and/or results of operations. Further, to the extent that any of the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitutes forward-looking statements, the risk factors set forth below are cautionary statements, identifying important factors that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. There can also be no assurance that the actual future results, performance, benefits or achievements that we expect from our strategies, systems, initiatives or products will occur. Additionally, investors should not interpret the disclosure of a risk to imply a lack of materialization of that risk to date. 

Risks Related to Business Strategy and Operations 
 If we cannot successfully execute our business strategy, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. There are numerous risks associated with this strategy including, but not limited to, the following: 
 Risk Description 
 
 1. Our inability to achieve the results of our strategic initiatives We have launched significant initiatives, including digital initiatives, designed to reposition our brands, drive sales, acquire new customers, establish new channels of distribution, achieve organizational efficiency and further align the organizational structure for long-term growth. These initiatives require substantial internal change and effort, including reductions and changes in vendors and personnel, reductions in store locations and significant adjustments in how we design and source product and how we ultimately present and sell it to our customers. These initiatives may not deliver all of the results we expect. Moreover, the process of implementing these initiatives places significant stress on the Company and could result in unexpected short-term interruptions or negative impacts to our business, such as disruptions to our current business processes as we migrate to the new processes, or failure to successfully migrate to those new processes, which could negatively impact product flow, product quality or inventory levels, or result in additional impairment of long-lived assets. 
 
 Further, digital operations are subject to numerous risks, including reliance on third-party computer hardware/software and service providers, data breaches, violations of state, federal or international laws, including those relating to online privacy, credit card fraud, telecommunication failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, and disruption of internet service. 
 
 In addition, there is no assurance that we can complete the implementation of all of these initiatives in the manner or in the time-frame planned, or that, once implemented, they will result in the expected increases in the efficiency or productivity of our business. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 2. Failure to identify and respond to fashion trends that appeal to our customer and implement and manage our business strategy may adversely impact sales and profitability Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to identify and respond to fashion trends in a timely manner and develop innovative, high-quality merchandise in styles that appeal to our consumers and in ways that favorably distinguish us from our competitors. The specialty retail apparel business fluctuates according to changes in the economy and customer preferences, influenced by fashion and season as well as current events and social issues. These fluctuations affect the inventory sourced by our brands as merchandise typically must be ordered well in advance of the selling season. There can be no assurance that we will appropriately anticipate consumer demands and accurately plan brand-right inventory in the future. Our long-term omnichannel business strategy is dependent upon a number of other factors, including, but not limited to, customer shopping habits (such as online versus in-store) and discretionary income; identifying and developing new brand extensions, markets and channels of distribution; effectively using and evolving our marketing resources and programs to communicate with existing and potential customers; maintaining favorable brand recognition, effectively managing our store base; including management of store productivity and negotiating acceptable lease terms; effectively managing our franchise; creating and maintaining wholesale and licensing relationships to optimize sales and margin and to protect our brands; having the appropriate corporate resources to support our business strategies; sourcing appropriate levels of inventory in line with sales expectations and then managing its disposition; hiring, training and retention of qualified employees; generating sufficient operating cash flows to fund our business strategies; maintaining brand-specific websites that offer the system functionality, service and security customers expect; and correctly identifying, implementing and maintaining appropriate technology to support our business strategies. 
 3. Competition The women's specialty retail industry is highly competitive. We compete with local, national and international department stores; specialty and discount stores; catalogs; and internet businesses offering similar categories of merchandise. Many of our competitors have advantages over us, including substantially greater financial, marketing, distribution and other resources. Increased levels of online and in-store promotional activity by our competitors, some of whom may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can, may negatively impact our sales and profitability. There is no assurance that we can compete successfully with these companies in the future. In addition to competing for sales, we compete for store and online traffic, for favorable store locations and lease terms and for qualified associates. The growth of fast fashion, value fashion retailers and expansion of off-price retailers has shifted shopper expectations to more affordable pricing of well-known brands and has contributed to continued promotional pressure as well as a shift in customers expectations with regard to the timing and costs of product deliveries and returns. If we do not identify and respond to these emerging trends in consumer spending as well as the growing preference of many customers for online e-commerce options, we may not be able to retain our existing customers or attract new customers. Increased competition in any of these areas may result in higher costs or otherwise reduce our sales or operating margins. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 4. COVID-19 pandemic The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant challenges across our business since March 2020, and potential uncertainty and volatility remains in our business operations (including with respect to the suppliers on whom we depend), operating results and operating cash flows as the ongoing economic impacts and health concerns associated with the pandemic could continue to affect consumer behavior, spending levels and shopping preferences as well as our operational logistics. Our industry has been experiencing supply chain inflation and disruptions due to in part due to the pandemic. The inability of our third-party business partners, including our suppliers, logistics providers and vendors, to meet their obligations to us in light of financial stress, labor shortages, liquidity challenges, bankruptcy filings by other industry participants and supply chain and other disruptions due to the pandemic could adversely impact our business operations, consolidated financial performance and liquidity. In particular, we have incurred higher shipping costs due to sourcing new transportation methods to offset vendor capacity constraints and related surcharges, as well as product supplier handover delays and extended inbound transit times due to labor shortages. Higher shipping costs and constraints on our shipping capacity and longer delivery times may result in higher expenses, delayed shipments and inventory delays or product shortages that result in lost sales, all of which could adversely impact our business operations, consolidated financial performance and liquidity. The pandemic has also resulted in periods of significant disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which could adversely affect our ability to access the capital or financing markets, if needed, and our ability to meet our liquidity needs. The full extent of the impact that the pandemic will have on our business remains to be seen, and such impact will depend on many factors including, but not limited to, the impact of the pandemic on consumer spending, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic conditions resume. New variants of COVID-19 may emerge or increase the spread or severity of COVID-19 and previously developed vaccines and therapies may not be as effective against new COVID-19 variants. If the duration or severity of the pandemic continues, worsens, reoccurs it may amplify or heighten the negative impacts on our business, financial condition, consolidated results of operations and liquidity and many of the other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to General Economic Conditions 
 Numerous economic conditions, all of which are outside of our control, could negatively affect the level of our customers' spending or our costs of operations. If these economic conditions persist for a sustained period, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. These economic conditions include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Risk Description 5. Declines in consumer spending and customer traffic Consumer spending in our sector may decline as a result of: threatened or actual government shut downs, high unemployment levels, low levels of consumer credit, declines in consumer confidence, inflation, increases in interest rates, recessionary pressures, increasing gas and other energy costs, increased taxes, increases in housing prices, higher durable goods or other consumer spending, volatility in the financial markets, uncertainty regarding the political or socio-economic environment and concerns regarding public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Any one of these factors, or a combination thereof, may reduce our customers spending and purchases due to, for example, job loss or fear of job loss, foreclosures, bankruptcies, higher consumer debt and interest rates, reduced access to credit, falling home prices, increased taxes and/or decline in consumer confidence. Further, a significant number of our stores are located in malls and other shopping centers and many of these malls and shopping centers have been experiencing declines in customer traffic. Our sales at these stores are dependent, to a significant degree, upon the volume of traffic in those shopping centers and the surrounding area; however, our costs associated with these stores are essentially fixed. In times of declining traffic and sales, our ability to leverage these costs and our profitability are negatively impacted. Our stores benefit from the ability of a shopping center's other tenants to generate consumer traffic in the vicinity of our stores and the continuing popularity of the shopping center as a shopping destination. Our sales volume and traffic have been, and we expect will continue to be, adversely affected by, among other things, concerns regarding public health crises, the decrease in popularity of malls or other shopping centers in which our stores are located, the closing of anchor stores important to our business, and declines in popularity of other stores in the malls or shopping centers in which our stores are located. Furthermore, a deterioration in the financial condition of shopping center operators or developers could, for example, limit their ability to invest in improvements and finance tenant improvements for us and other retailers and lead consumers to view these locations as less desirable. Lastly, growth in our digital business relative to in-store sales may result in dilution of operating margin and profit due to higher delivery expenses incurred in connection with digital sales. Furthermore, if our digital businesses continue to successfully grow, they may do so in part by attracting existing customers, rather than new customers, who choose to purchase products from us online through our websites rather than from our physical stores, thereby reducing the financial performance of our store fleet. Further reduction in consumer traffic as a result of these or any other factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 6. Fluctuating costs and inflation Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of fabrics and other raw materials used to manufacture our products, as well as the price for labor and transportation, may contribute to ongoing pricing pressures throughout our supply chain. The price and availability of such inputs to the manufacturing process may fluctuate significantly, depending on several factors, including commodity costs (such as higher cotton prices), energy costs (such as fuel), freight costs, inflationary pressures from emerging markets, concerns regarding public health crises, increased labor costs, weather conditions (including risks associated with climate change) and currency fluctuations. 
 
 Moreover, increasing costs of materials and labor due to recent heightened inflation may materially adversely impact our margins and results of operations. We have experienced significant inflation in labor, materials and shipping costs. The Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022 has led to economic disruptions, including, but not limited to, increased inflationary pressures and supply chain constraints, which have negatively impacted the global economy. The cost of materials that are used to manufacture our products can fluctuate, and have fluctuated, because of inflation and other factors. Inflationary pressure may also result in decreased demand for our products, increases in our operating costs (including our labor costs), reduced liquidity, and limits on our ability to access credit or otherwise raise capital. In response to the concerns over inflation risk, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates multiple times in 2022 and may continue to do so in the future. Additionally, a majority of the merchandise we sell is manufactured and produced outside of the U.S. and declines in the value of the U.S. dollar may result in higher costs to manufacture and produce. Any sudden decreases in the costs for materials may result in the cost of inventory exceeding the cost of new production, which could result in lower profitability, particularly if these decreases cause existing inventory downward price pressures that we are not able to control. If, in the future, there is volatility in the costs for materials and labor that we are unable to offset through price adjustments or improved efficiencies, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 
 7. Impairment charges Significant negative industry or general economic trends, changes in customer demand for our products, disruptions to our business and unexpected significant changes or planned changes in our operating results or use of long-lived assets (such as boutique relocations or discontinuing use of certain boutique fixtures) have resulted in and may in the future result in impairments to goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. 
 8. Fluctuating comparable sales and operating results Our comparable sales and overall operating results have fluctuated in the past and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future. In addition to other risk factors discussed in this Risks Related to General Economic Conditions section, a variety of factors affect comparable sales and operating results, including concerns regarding public health crises, changes in fashion trends, changes in our merchandise mix, customer acceptance or rejection of merchandise offerings, the timing of marketing activities, calendar shifts of holiday periods, the periodic impact of a fifty-three-week fiscal year, climate risks including weather conditions impacting our supply chain, political or social unrest and general economic conditions. In addition, our ability to address the current challenges of sustained declining store traffic combined with a highly promotional retail environment may impact our comparable sales, operating results and ability to maintain or gain market share. Past comparable sales or operating results are not an indicator of future results. For example, see above in COVID-19 pandemic. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Omnichannel Operations 
 Our omnichannel operations (including our websites and catalogs) are a critical part of our customers overall experience with our brands and will be a significant contributor to our future business growth and profitability. Our inability or failure to successfully manage and maintain those operations could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. Specific risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Risk Description 9. Reliance on technology Our brands websites and select systems, including our integrated inventory management system, are heavily dependent on technology, which creates numerous risks including unanticipated operating problems, system failures, rapid technological change, failure of technology to operate the websites and systems as anticipated, reliance on third-party computer hardware and software providers, computer viruses, telecommunication failures, liability for online content, systems and data breaches, denial of service attacks, spamming, phishing attacks, computer hackers and other similar disruptions. Our failure to successfully assess and respond to these risks could negatively impact sales, increase costs, inhibit our ability to acquire new customers and damage the reputation of our brands. 
 10. Reliance on the U.S. Postal Service and other shipping vendors We utilize shipping vendors to support our operations and fulfillment. Any significant increase in shipping costs and delivery times, or reductions in service could impair our ability to deliver merchandise in a timely or economically efficient manner. Postal rate increases or a delay or reduction in service could affect the cost or timeliness of our order fulfillment and catalog and promotional mailings. We use the U.S. Postal Service to mail millions of catalogs each year to educate our customers about our products, acquire new customers, drive customers to our boutiques and websites and promote catalog sales. We rely on discounts from the basic postal rate structure, such as discounts for bulk mailings and sorting. The Company experienced delays in U.S. Postal Service deliveries in recent years and expects such delays to persist. 

Risks Related to Information Technology Systems 
 In addition to the dependence of our retail websites and other systems on technology as discussed above, we also rely on various information technology systems to manage our overall operations, and failure of those systems to operate as expected or a significant interruption in service could materially adversely impact our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Risk Description 11. Disruptions while maintaining current systems or difficulties in integrating new systems We and third-party providers on whom we rely regularly maintain, upgrade, enhance or replace our websites and information technology systems to support our business strategies and provide business continuity. Replacing legacy systems with successor systems, making changes to existing systems, acquiring new systems with new functionalities, changing to multiple systems simultaneously, executing oversight of vendor issues and maintaining adequate internal staffing have inherent risks including disruptions, delays, gaps in functionality, user acceptance, adequate user training or other difficulties that may impair the effectiveness of our information technology systems. Additionally, if such information technology systems fail to operate or are unable to support our growth, our store operations and websites could be severely disrupted, and we could be required to make significant additional expenditures to remedy any such failure. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

12. Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Our business involves the storage and/or transmission of customers personal information, shipping preferences and credit card information, as well as confidential information regarding our business, employees and third parties. In addition, as part of our acceptance of customers debit and credit cards as forms of payment, we are required to comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards PCI ). 
 
 Because we have access to, collect or maintain information about our customers, the protection of that data is critical to our business. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy continues to evolve, can vary significantly by country and presents compliance challenges, all of which increase our costs, impact our competitiveness, and can expose us to substantial fines or other penalties. In addition, new laws increasingly are giving customers the right to control how their personal data is used. For example, our failure to comply with the obligations of the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation GDPR could result in significant penalties in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, the State of California adopted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), which regulates the collection and use of consumers' data. Complying with GDPR, CCPA, CPRA and similar U.S. federal and state laws, including state privacy laws and a potential federal privacy law, could also cause us to incur substantial costs, forego a substantial amount of revenue or be subject to business risks associated with system changes and new business processes. 
 
 We are also subject to cybersecurity risks, which we may not be able to anticipate or prevent because of the rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increased costs including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. 
 
 While we have implemented measures reasonably designed to prevent security breaches, cyber incidents and privacy violations, and while we have taken steps to comply with PCI, GDPR, CCPA, CPRA and other applicable laws, those measures may not be effective, and we may experience significant security breaches, cyber incidents and privacy violations in the future. A significant cyber breach or incident or privacy violation through any means, including indirectly through third-party service providers and vendors, could result in the loss or misuse of data and could result in significant fines and penalties(resulting from, among other things, regulatory action), damages, loss of business, legal expenses (resulting from, among other things, litigation), remediation costs, reputational damage or loss of our ability to accept debit and credit cards as forms for payment. A significant cyber breach or incident or a privacy violation could also result in other negative consequences related to our competitiveness or could lead to costs that are not covered by insurance. In addition, changes in laws or regulations, (including the finalization of proposed cybersecurity regulatory rules) the PCI standards or technology, could result in increased expenses due to system or administrative costs. 
 
 In addition, having a portion of our workforce working remotely has amplified certain risks to our business, including increased demand on our information technology resources and systems, increased phishing, business email compromise and other cybersecurity attacks, including increased introduction of malware, and an increase in the number of points of potential attack, such as laptops and mobile devices to be secured (both of which are now being used in increased numbers). Any failure to effectively manage these risks, including to timely identify and appropriately respond to any cyberattacks or other disruption to our technology infrastructure, may adversely affect our business, consolidated financial performance and results of operations. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Sourcing and Distribution Strategies 
 Our sourcing and distribution strategies are subject to numerous risks that could materially adversely impact our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Risk Description 13. Reliance on foreign sources of production The majority of the merchandise we sell is produced outside the United States. As a result, our business remains subject to the various risks of doing business in foreign markets and importing merchandise from abroad, such as: geo-political instability, non-compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, potential changes to the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and other international trade agreements, imposition of new legislation relating to import quotas, imposition of new or increased duties, taxes, or other charges on imports, foreign exchange rate challenges and pressures presented by implementation of monetary policy by the Federal Reserve and other international central banks, challenges from local business practices or political issues, manufacturing and transportation disruptions, our shift to a predominantly FOB (free on board) shipping structure rather than predominantly DDP (delivered duty paid), natural disasters and weather conditions due to the effect of climate change or other reasons, public health crises, customer activism related to our use of particular foreign markets, delays in the delivery of cargo due to port security considerations or government funding; seizure or detention of goods by U.S. Customs authorities, or a reduction in the availability of shipping sources caused by industry consolidation or other reasons. We source a substantial portion of our merchandise from Asia, including Vietnam and China. A reduction in the number of foreign suppliers, through bankruptcy or otherwise, or any change in exchange rates, labor laws or policies affecting the costs of goods in Asia could negatively impact our merchandise costs and the timely availability of the desired amount of merchandise. Furthermore, delays in production or shipping product, whether due to work slow-downs, work stoppages, strikes, port congestion, labor disputes, product regulations and customs inspections, public health crises or other factors, could also have a negative impact on our merchandise costs and the timely availability of the amount of merchandise we need. 
 
 Our supply chain could be disrupted or delayed by the impact of global health endemics or pandemics, such as has been the case during the COVID-19 pandemic, and the related government and private sector responsive actions thereto, including, but not limited to, border closures, restrictions on product shipments, and travel restrictions. During fiscal 2022, Vietnam and China sourced product accounted for approximately 36 and 30 of our merchandise cost. If we experience significant additional supply chain disruptions in China or other countries from which we source our products, we may not be able to develop alternate sourcing quickly and/or on favorable terms, if at all, which could result in increased costs, loss of sales and loss of customers, and adverse impacts on our margins and results of operation. 
 
 Further, there have been ongoing discussions, commentary and governmental actions regarding potentially significant changes to the United States trade policies, treaties, tariffs and taxes, including trade policies and tariffs regarding China. Tariffs imposed on Chinese origin goods under Section 301 in 2018 and 2019 largely continue to be in place today and range from 10 to 25 on certain Chinese-made imported products. While the Office of the United States Trade Representative USTR issued exclusions to Section 301 tariffs for certain products, most exclusions expired in December 2021, and have not been re-issued. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 These tariffs, as well as any additional tariffs, may result in lower gross margins on affected products or could require us to increase prices, which may impact customer demand for our products. 
 There is significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States, on the one hand, and China and other countries, on the other hand, with respect to the trade policies, treaties, taxes, government regulations and tariffs that would be applicable. It is unclear what changes might be considered or implemented and what response to any such changes may be by the governments of other countries. Significant tariffs or other restrictions placed on Chinese imports and any related counter-measures that are taken by China could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. Other tariff risks include increased enforcement of intellectual property (IP) rights under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 (the Trade Act ). For example, the USTR conducts a review to identify countries that deny adequate and effective protection of IP or deny fair and equitable market access to U.S. persons who rely on IP protection and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection has increasingly been enforcing laws related to the prevention of forced labor in importers supply chains, with focus on certain commodities such as cotton. Even in the absence of further tariffs, the related uncertainty and the fear of an escalating trade war might create forecasting difficulties for us and cause our customers and business partners to place fewer orders for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, consolidated financial condition, and/or results of operations. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between these applicable nations and the United States. Any of these factors could depress economic activity, restrict our access to suppliers or customers and have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and results of operations and affect our international strategies. 
 
 Given the relatively fluid regulatory environment in China and the United States and relative uncertainty with respect to tariffs, international trade agreements and policies, a trade war, further governmental action related to tariffs or international trade policies, or additional tax or other regulatory changes in the future could directly and adversely impact our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 

14. Our suppliers inability to provide quality goods in a timely manner We are subject to risk because we do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and depend on independent third parties to manufacture our merchandise. A key supplier may become unable to address our manufacturing needs for a variety of reasons. If we were unexpectedly required to change suppliers or if a key supplier were unable to supply quality merchandise in sufficient quantities on acceptable terms, we could experience a significant impact to the supply or cost of merchandise. For example, see above in COVID-19 pandemic. 
 15. Reliance upon one supplier Approximately 14 of total purchases in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively, were made from one supplier, and we cannot guarantee that this relationship will be maintained in the future or that the supplier will continue to be available to supply merchandise. Since we have no material long-term or exclusive contract with any apparel or accessory manufacturer or supplier, our business depends on our network of suppliers and our continued good relations with them. As a result, the sudden loss of this or another key supplier or any disruptions in their ability to supply us with merchandise could adversely impact our business, consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, we may not be able to find replacement suppliers in a timely fashion or on commercially reasonable terms, which may have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 16. Our suppliers failure to implement acceptable labor practices We are committed to managing a responsible supply chain, and in support of such commitment have adopted our Global Vendor Code of Conduct, which is based on internationally-accepted labor standards and guidance, including the International Labour Organization s fundamental conventions and The United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and reflects the minimum requirements our suppliers and each of the value chains partners (which includes without limitation, factories, mills, laundry facilities and raw materials providers) must meet in connection with the sourcing of raw materials and manufacture of our merchandise. To support supplier adherence to this commitment, we have an Open Door and Ethics Hotline for reporting suspected violations and have also engaged the services of third-party audit firms to monitor compliance with these requirements. Failure to adhere to our requirements or chronic noncompliance, may result in required remediation and/or termination of our relationship with a supplier or value chain partner, which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our operations, financial condition and results of operations. With the recent developments associated with the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act UFLPA ), US Customs and Border Protection has been tasked with reinforcing laws related to the prevention of forced labor associated with imported goods, especially in goods containing cotton, such as apparel. In doing so, expectations for our suppliers have increased and not all of our independent suppliers may be in complete compliance with our guidelines at all times. The violation of labor or other laws by any of our key independent suppliers or the divergence of an independent supplier s labor practices from those generally accepted by us as ethical is not accepted and could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished merchandise or damage our reputation, which may also have a material adverse impact on our operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
 17. Reliance on one location to distribute goods for our brands With minor exceptions, the distribution functions for all of our brands are handled from our DC in Winder, Georgia and a significant interruption in the operation of that facility due to public health crises, changes to existing systems, use of other facilities, natural disasters, severe weather, accidents, system failures, cybersecurity incidents, capacity constraints or other unforeseen causes could delay or impair our ability to distribute merchandise to our stores and/or fulfill online or catalog orders. 

Other Risks Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous other risks that could materially adversely impact our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Risk Description 18. The terms of our Credit Agreement may restrict our current and future operations, which could adversely affect our ability to respond to changes in our business or manage our operations, and it may be difficult to replace our credit facility Our Credit Agreement, as amended and extended in February 2022, contains customary representations, warranties, and affirmative covenants, as well as customary negative covenants, that, among other things restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of the Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries to: (i) incur liens, (ii) make investments, (iii) issue or incur additional indebtedness, (iv) undergo significant corporate changes, including mergers and acquisitions, (v) make dispositions, (vi) make restricted payments, (vii) prepay other indebtedness and (viii) enter into certain other restrictive agreements. The Company may pay cash dividends and repurchase shares under its share buyback program, subject to certain thresholds of available borrowings based upon the lesser of the aggregate amount of commitments under the Credit Agreement and the borrowing base (the Loan Cap ), determined after giving effect to any such transaction or payment, on a pro forma basis. The ability of the Company to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate the Company's repayment obligations. Also, the inability to obtain new credit on commercially reasonable terms in the future when this facility expires could adversely impact our liquidity and results of operations. In addition, market conditions could potentially impact the size and terms of a replacement facility or facilities. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 19. War, terrorism, public health crises or other catastrophes In the event of war (such as the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine), acts of terrorism or the threat of terrorist attacks, public health crises, climate risks and weather catastrophes or other events outside of our control, consumer spending could significantly decrease for a sustained period. In addition, local authorities or shopping center management could close stores in response to any immediate security concern, public health concern or weather catastrophe such as hurricanes, earthquakes or tornadoes. Any of these disruptions or other events outside of our control could affect our business negatively, harming our operating results. 
 
 Similarly, war, acts of terrorism, threats of terrorist attacks, public health crises or a weather catastrophe, including those caused by climate change, could severely and adversely affect our Fort Myers campus, our DC, or our entire supply chain. If any of our facilities, including our DC, our Company-operated or franchised stores or the facilities of our suppliers or third-party service providers are affected by a natural disaster, public health crisis (such as a pandemic and epidemic), terrorism, war, political instability or other conflict, or other events outside of our control, our business and operating results could be negatively impacted. For example, see above in COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 20.Our inability to protect our brands reputation Our ability to protect our brands reputations is an integral part of our general success strategy and is critical to the overall value of the brands. If we fail to maintain high standards for merchandise quality and integrity in our business conduct or fail to address other risk factors, including threats to data, privacy and cybersecurity, such failures could jeopardize our brands' reputations. Consumers value readily available information from social media and other sources concerning retailers and their goods and services and many times act on such information without further investigation into its accuracy. Any negative publicity or claims, whether true or not, may affect our reputation and brand and, consequently, reduce demand for our merchandise, decrease customer and investor loyalty and affect our vendor relationships, which would have an adverse impact on our business, consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The way we address ESG matters and the perceived success of our ESG actions may impact the value of our brands. There has been increasing stakeholder and regulatory focus on ESG matters affecting public companies, including ours. Expectations regarding ESG disclosures, setting and executing ESG-related goals and timely achieving measurable progress in these areas could expose us to market, operational and execution costs or risks. We expect that stakeholder expectations, as well as laws, rules and regulations, in these areas will continue to evolve quickly, which may result in the need for increased resources for ESG monitoring and reporting and adjustments to our operations may be necessary. Additionally, the goals we set, and the data we disclose, may influence the value of our brands. By electing to publicly share our metrics and expand our disclosures, our ESG activities may face increased scrutiny. We have committed to certain ESG initiatives and goals, which may be difficult and expensive to implement, and the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace. In addition we could face scrutiny with respect to the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of our ESG related disclosures. Moreover, disclosures about our ESG-related initiatives or goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions or third-party information that we believe to be reasonably but are subject to change in the future. We could also be subject to scrutiny with respect to the scope or nature of our ESG-related initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to those goals. If our ESG-related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to these initiatives or goals on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation and the value of our brands could be adversely affected. Any harm to our reputation resulting from setting ESG-related metrics, expanding our disclosures on these subjects or our failure or perceived failure to meet such metrics or disclosures could adversely affect our business, financial performance, and growth. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 21. Our business could be impacted as a result of actions by activist shareholders or others From time to time, we may be subject to legal and business challenges in the operation of our Company due to proxy contests, consent solicitations, shareholder proposals, media campaigns and other such actions instituted by activist shareholders or others. In the event of shareholder activism, particularly with respect to matters which the Board, in exercising its fiduciary duties, disagree with or have determined not to pursue, our business could be adversely affected because responding to such actions is costly and time-consuming, disruptive to our operations, may not align with our business strategies and may divert the attention of our Board and management from the pursuit of current business strategies. Perceived uncertainties as to our future direction or changes to the composition of our Board as a result of shareholder activism may lead to the perception of instability in the organization and its future and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, business partners and customers. 
 22. Disadvantageous lease obligations and commercial retail consolidation We have, and will continue to have, significant lease obligations. If an existing or future store is not profitable, and we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be committed to fulfill our obligations under the applicable lease including paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. Additionally, continued consolidation in the commercial retail real estate market could affect our ability to successfully negotiate favorable rental terms for our stores in the future and could concentrate our leases with fewer landlords who may then be in a position to dictate unfavorable terms to us due to their significant negotiating leverage. If we are unable to enter into new leases or renew or renegotiate existing leases on terms acceptable to us or be released from our obligations under leases for stores that we close, this could affect our ability to profitably operate our stores. Any dispute regarding our leases may result in litigation with the respective landlord, and any such dispute could be costly and have an uncertain outcome. 
 
 23. Changes to accounting rules and regulations may adversely affect our financial results, consolidated financial position and cash flows Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations that are relevant to our business, including but not limited to revenue recognition, leases, impairment of goodwill, intangible and long-lived assets, inventory, income taxes and litigation, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change or increase volatility of our reported or expected financial performance or consolidated financial condition. See Note 1, to our consolidated financial statements under the heading Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements for a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, and Critical Accounting Estimates, included in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of accounting policies considered to be important to our operational results and consolidated financial condition. These and other future changes to accounting rules or regulations could have an adverse impact on our business, operational results, consolidated financial position and cash flow presentation. 
 24. The Company cannot provide any assurance that in the future the Company will pay dividends or repurchase stock pursuant to its share repurchase program All decisions regarding authorization to pay a dividend on the Company s common stock or approve a share repurchase program will be made by the Board from time to time based on the Board s evaluation of the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board will complete each evaluation based on a review of the Company s stock price, future earnings, consolidated financial condition and other factors deemed relevant. There is no assurance that the Board will declare dividends on the Company s common stock in the future. The Company s current share repurchase program authorizes 300 million in share repurchases of the Company s common stock, of which 55.2 million remained authorized for repurchase under the program as of January 28, 2023. However, the Company is not obligated to make any purchases under the share repurchase program and the program may be discontinued at any time. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 General Risks Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous general risks that could materially adversely impact our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Risk Description 25. Our ability to retain or recruit qualified key personnel Our success and ability to properly manage our business depends to a significant extent upon our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees, including executive and senior management and talented merchants. Competition for talented employees within our industry is intense. In recent years, we experienced staffing shortages, higher turnover rates compared with prior years and challenges in recruiting and retaining qualified employees at all levels of our organization, including senior management and merchants at our Fort Myers campus and employees at our DC and throughout our store fleet. Existing labor shortages and our inability or failure to recruit and retain such personnel as well as our inability to implement appropriate succession planning, including the transition of new executives, particularly at the senior executive level, could adversely impact our business, financial performance, reputation, our ability to keep up with the needs of our customers, ability to compete and overall customer satisfaction. 
 
 26. Our inability to protect our intellectual property Although we devote resources to protect our intellectual property, others may still attempt to imitate our products or infringe upon our intellectual property rights. Other parties may also claim that some of our products infringe on their trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property rights. In addition, the intellectual property laws and enforcement practices in many foreign countries can be substantially different from those in the U.S. There are also inherent challenges with enforcing intellectual property rights on third party e-commerce websites, especially those based in foreign jurisdictions. We cannot guarantee that such rights are not, or will not be, infringed. 
 27. Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility in our results of operations We are subject to income and other taxes in local, national and international jurisdictions. Our tax returns and other tax matters are also subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. These examinations may challenge certain of our tax positions, such as the timing and amount of deductions and allocations of taxable income to various jurisdictions. The results of any tax audits could adversely affect our consolidated financial results. Furthermore, our effective tax rate in a given period may be materially impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings by taxing jurisdiction and deductibility of excess share-based compensation. 28. Stock price volatility The market price of our common stock has fluctuated substantially in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Future announcements or management discussions concerning us or our competitors, sales and profitability results, quarterly variations in operating results or comparable sales, updates on our strategic initiatives, changes in earnings estimates by analysts or the failure of investors or analysts to understand our business strategies or fundamental changes in our business or sector, among other factors, could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. In addition, stock markets have experienced periods of significant price or volume volatility in recent years. This volatility has had a substantial effect on the market prices of securities of many public companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 29. Global macro-environment Our growth is subject to global economic, political, and geopolitical risks. Our operations and the execution of our business plans and strategies are subject to the effects of global economic trends, geopolitical risks and demand or supply shocks from events such as war or international conflict, a major terrorist attack, natural disasters or actual or threatened public health emergencies (such as COVID-19, including virus variants and resurgences and responses to those). They are also affected by local and regional economic environments, supply chain constraints and policies in the United States and other markets that we serve, including factors such as continued inflationary pressures in many markets or continued increases in interest rates from recent historic lows. We could face difficulty in paying off long-term debt, stagnant economic growth rates, issues regarding the availability of skilled labor, a constrained monetary policy, unfavorable exchange rates, and currency volatility. For example, ongoing inflationary pressures have caused, and may continue to cause, many of our material and labor costs to increase, which can adversely affect our profitability and cash flows, particularly when we are unable to increase customer pricing to offset such pressures. At the same time, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the related political and economic consequences, such as sanctions and other measures imposed by the European Union, the United States and other countries and organizations related to Russia in response, have also caused, and may continue to cause, disruption and instability in global markets, in supply chains, and in industries that may negatively impact our business, our financial condition, and our results of operations. Further deterioration of economic conditions or outlooks, such as lower economic growth, recession or fears of recession in the United States, China, Europe, or other key markets, may adversely affect the demand for, or profitability, of our products. In addition, political changes and trends, such as protectionism, as well as tariffs, export controls, restrictions on trade barriers, sanctions, or changes to tax or other laws and policies, may be disruptive and costly to our business; such can interfere with our global operating model, supply chain, production costs, customer relationships, and competitive position. Further escalation of any specific trade tensions could be harmful to our global economic growth or to our business in or with other customers in other countries. 
 
 30. Subject to laws, regulation and government policies We are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations, and government policies (including those of U.S. federal and state governments, as well as of non-U.S. entities) that may change in significant ways. There can be no assurance that these laws, regulations, and policies will not be changed, interpreted, or enforced in ways that will require us to modify our business and objectives relating to our business operations. In particular, recent trends globally toward increased protectionism, import and export controls, required licenses or authorizations to engage in business dealings with certain countries or entities, and the use of tariffs and trade barriers can result in actions by governments around the world that have been, and that may continue to be, disruptive and costly to our businesses, and that can interfere with our operations model and thereby weaken our competitive position. In addition, changes in environmental and climate change laws, regulations or policies (including, for example, emission standards) could impact us and could lead to additional costs, compliance requirements, or otherwise negatively impact our business or competitive position. Other legislative and regulatory areas of significance for our businesses on which U.S. and non-U.S. governments have focused, and continue to focus, include cybersecurity, data privacy, anti-corruption, competition law, compliance with trade controls, and economic sanctions laws. Significant challenges and changes in these areas could adversely affect our results of operations, consolidated financial position, and cash flow presentation. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Stores 
 At fiscal year-end for 2022, 2021 and 2020 our total consolidated selling square feet was 3.0 million, 3.1 million and 3.1 million, respectively. For a general description of our leases, see Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements under the heading Operating Leases and Note 10 under the heading Leases. As of January 28, 2023, our 1,269 stores were located in 46 states, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, as follows: 
 
 Alabama 18 Maine 3 Ohio 42 Arizona 31 Maryland 35 Oklahoma 12 Arkansas 11 Massachusetts 23 Oregon 14 California 118 Michigan 37 Pennsylvania 65 Colorado 24 Minnesota 25 Rhode Island 4 Connecticut 21 Mississippi 9 South Carolina 31 Delaware 8 Missouri 20 South Dakota 3 Florida 121 Montana 3 Tennessee 30 Georgia 54 Nebraska 8 Texas 117 Idaho 3 Nevada 17 Utah 6 Illinois 50 New Hampshire 6 Virginia 41 Indiana 23 New Jersey 41 Washington 21 Iowa 6 New Mexico 7 West Virginia 2 Kansas 13 New York 45 Wisconsin 13 Kentucky 15 North Carolina 44 U.S. Virgin Islands 1 Louisiana 19 North Dakota 4 Puerto Rico 5 
 Fort Myers Campus and Distribution Center 
 Our Fort Myers campus is located on approximately 63 acres in Fort Myers, Florida and consists of approximately 503,000 square feet of office space of which nearly 50,000 square feet is leased to third parties. Our DC is located on approximately 110 acres in Winder, Georgia and consists of approximately 550,000 square feet of distribution, fulfillment, call center and office space. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information regarding legal proceedings is incorporated by reference from Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements under the heading Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol CHS. On February 27, 2023, the last reported sale price of the common stock on the NYSE was 4.95 per share. The number of holders of record of common stock on February 27, 2023 was 991. 
 In fiscal 2022, we repurchased 1,758,670 restricted shares in connection with employee tax withholding obligations under employee compensation plans, of which 3,598 were purchased during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 The following table sets forth information concerning our purchases of common stock for the periods indicated (amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans (b) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Publicly Announced Plans October 30, 2022 - November 26, 2022 3,598 5.79 55,192 November 27, 2022 December 31, 2022 55,192 January 1, 2023 January 28, 2023 55,192 Total 3,598 5.79 55,192 
 (a) Total number of shares purchased consists of 3,598 shares of restricted stock repurchased in connection with employee tax withholding obligations under employee compensation plans, which are not purchases under any publicly announced plan. 
 (b) In November 2015, we announced a 300 million share repurchase authorization for the Company's common stock. We did not repurchase any of the Company's common stock during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 under the Company s share repurchase authorization. As of January 28, 2023, 55.2 million remains authorized for repurchase under the share repurchase program. The repurchase program has no specific termination date and will expire when we have repurchased all securities authorized for repurchase thereunder, unless terminated earlier by our Board of Directors Board ). The Company has no continuing obligation to repurchase shares under this authorization, and the timing, actual number and value of any additional shares to be purchased will depend on the performance of our stock price, market conditions and other considerations. 
 In April of 2020, the Company suspended its quarterly dividend to reinforce its financial position and liquidity. Any determination to pay future dividends will be made by the Board of Directors based on an evaluation of our stock price, future earnings, financial condition and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Five Year Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of the companies in the Standard Poor s S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Apparel Retail Index. Cumulative total return for each of the periods shown in the Performance Graph is measured assuming an initial investment of 100 on February 3, 2018 and the reinvestment of dividends. 
 
 02/03/18 02/02/19 02/01/20 01/30/21 01/29/22 01/28/23 Chico s FAS, Inc. 100 64 47 28 56 66 S P 500 Index 100 100 121 142 172 161 S P 500 Apparel Retail Index 100 113 132 144 159 190 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. References herein to Notes refer to the Notes to our consolidated financial statements. Each of the periods presented had fifty-two weeks. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 Chico s FAS is a Florida-based fashion company founded in 1983 on Sanibel Island, Florida. The Company reinvented the fashion retail experience by creating fashion communities anchored by service, which put the customer at the center of everything we do. As one of the leading fashion retailers in North America, Chico s FAS is a company of three unique brands operating under the Chico's, White House Black Market WHBM and Soma brand names - each thriving in their own white space, founded by women, led by women, providing solutions that millions of women say give them confidence and joy. We sometimes refer to our Chico's and WHBM brands collectively as our Apparel Group. Our distinct lifestyle brands typically serve the needs of fashion-savvy women with household incomes in the moderate-to-high income level. We strive to deliver outstanding and personalized service to our customers through our trademark Most Amazing Personal Service standard. We earn revenue and generate cash through the sale of merchandise in our domestic retail stores, our various Company-operated e-commerce websites, our call center (which takes orders for all of our brands), through unaffiliated franchise partners and through third-party channels. As of January 28, 2023, we operated 1,269 stores across 46 states, Puerto Rico and the United States U.S. Virgin Islands, and sold merchandise through 58 international franchise locations in Mexico and 2 domestic airport locations. 
 We utilize an integrated, omnichannel approach to managing our business. We want our customers to experience our brands holistically and to view the various retail channels we operate as a single, integrated experience rather than as separate sales channels operating independently. This approach allows our customers to browse, purchase, return or exchange our merchandise through whatever sales channel and at whatever time is most convenient. As a result, we track total sales and comparable sales on a combined basis. 
 
 Business Highlights 
 The Company s fiscal 2022 business highlights include: 
 Consistent strong results : Chico's FAS posted 0.88 net income per diluted share for fiscal 2022, an increase of 138 over last year, driven by strong comparable sales growth, significant gross margin expansion and diligent expense control. 
 Powerful portfolio performance: For fiscal 2022, total Chico s FAS net sales grew 18.3 and comparable sales increased 19.6 versus last year, led by the Company s Apparel Group. Chico s and WHBM comparable sales grew 30.8 and 25.7 , respectively, in fiscal 2022 versus last year. 
 Continued customer growth : Elevated products, strategic marketing efforts, and our relaunched loyalty programs continued to drive more customers to the Company s brands, with total year-over-year customer count up mid-single digits, spend per customer up over last year and the average age of new customers continuing to trend younger. 
 Meaningful gross margin improvement : Occupancy leverage, higher average unit retail and lower inbound air freight drove 240 basis points of gross margin improvement during the year. 
 Diligent expense management: Continued disciplined expense control and a lean cost structure led to 50 basis points of selling, general and administrative expense SG A leverage in fiscal 2022. 
 Solid operating income : Fiscal 2022 income from operations was 142 million, or 6.6 of net sales, compared to 67 million, or 3.7 of net sales, in the prior year. Year-over-year operating income more than doubled, driven by strong sales and gross margin performance and expense control. 
 Strong balance sheet: The Company ended the fourth quarter with 178 million in cash and marketable securities, after repaying 50 million of long-term debt during the year. 
 
 Financial Results 
 Income per diluted share for fiscal 2022 was 0.88 compared to 0.37 in fiscal 2021 and a loss per diluted share of 3.11 in fiscal 2020. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Current Trends 
 Retail is an inherently volatile business, subject to the ups and downs in the economic landscape. We continually monitor that landscape and work to assure we are meeting our customers demands with the right balance and styles of inventory and accommodating their evolving shopping preferences. Over the last several years, we have made meaningful investments to transform our Company into a digital-first enterprise, fast-tracking numerous innovation and technology investments across all three brands. We offer our customers the ability to shop through three powerful platforms digital, stores, and our social stylists. Our customers have proven to be resilient, and our multi-channel customers are especially valuable to us, spending three times more than single-channel customers. 
 The Company remains confident that it currently has sufficient liquidity to repay its obligations as they become due for the foreseeable future as the Company continues to drive operational efficiency and effectiveness and maintains a lean cost structure. As our cash flow continues to grow, we expect our financial position to strengthen. In addition to funding strategic investments, we believe our cash flow will allow us to navigate during an uncertain macroeconomic environment. We believe growing our cash flow base will continue to permit us to invest in our long-term strategic plan and, although we are seeing some pressure on SG A, we expect ongoing investment to support profitable future growth. 
 Fiscal 2023 Outlook 
 For the fiscal 2023 first quarter the Company currently expects: 
 Consolidated net sales of 535 million to 550 million; 
 Gross margin rate as a percent of net sales of 41.3 to 41.8 ; 
 SG A as a percent of net sales of 32.8 to 33.3 ; 
 Effective income tax rate of 25 ; and 
 Earnings per diluted share of 0.26 to 0.30. 
 For the fiscal 2023 full year the Company currently expects: 
 Consolidated net sales of 2,220 million to 2,250 million; 
 Gross margin rate as a percent of net sales of 39.4 to 39.8 ; 
 SG A as a percent of net sales of 33.0 to 33.4 ; 
 Effective income tax rate of 26 ; 
 Earnings per diluted share of 0.79 to 0.91; and 
 Capital and cloud-based expenditures of approximately 80 million to 90 million. 
 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of key performance and financial measures to evaluate our business, develop financial forecasts and make strategic decisions. These key measures include liquidity, comparable sales, gross margin as a percent of sales, operating income as a percent of sales, diluted income (loss) per share and return on net assets RONA ). The following describes these measures. 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity is measured through cash flow, which is the measure of cash provided by or used in operating, investing and financing activities. Through strong sales performance, cost control, appropriate inventory management, and other actions, our cash position, total liquidity and operating cash flow remain strong, providing us with flexibility to manage the business and make investments to further propel our growth. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Comparable Sales 
 Comparable sales is an omnichannel measure of the amount of sales generated from products the Company sells directly to the consumer relative to the amount of sales generated in the comparable prior-year period. Comparable sales is defined as sales from stores open for the preceding twelve months, including stores that have been expanded, remodeled or relocated within the same general market and includes online, catalog and international sales. The comparable sales calculation excludes the negative impact of stores closed four or more days. The Company has historically viewed comparable sales as a key performance indicator to measure the performance of our business, however, we are not providing full year comparable sales figures for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 as we believe it is not a meaningful measure due to varying degrees of business disruptions and periods of store closures and/or stores operating at reduced hours as a result of the pandemic during fiscal 2020. 
 Gross Margin as a Percentage of Net Sales 
 Gross margin as a percentage of net sales is computed as gross margin divided by net sales. We believe gross margin as a percentage of net sales is a primary metric to measure the performance of our business as it is used to determine the value of incremental sales, and to guide pricing and promotion decisions. 
 Operating Income as a Percentage of Net Sales 
 Operating income as a percentage of net sales is computed as operating income divided by net sales. We believe operating income is the primary metric to measure the overall health of our business and how efficiently the company can generate cash from our business operations. 
 Diluted Income (Loss) per Share 
 Income (loss) per share is determined using the two-class method when it is more dilutive than the treasury stock method. Basic income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, including participating securities. Diluted income (loss) per share reflects the dilutive effect of potential common shares from non-participating securities such as stock options, performance stock units and restricted stock units. Whereas basic income (loss) per share serves as an indicator of the Company's profitability, we believe diluted income (loss) per share is a primary metric provided it gauges the Company's quality of income (loss) per share assuming all potential common shares from non-participating securities are exercised. 
 Return on Net Assets 
 RONA is defined as (a) net income (loss) divided by (b) the five-point average (based on balances at the beginning of the first quarter plus the final balances for each quarter of the fiscal year) of net working capital less cash and marketable securities plus fixed assets. We believe RONA is a primary metric as it helps to determine how well the Company is utilizing its assets. As such, a higher RONA could indicate that the Company is using its assets and working capital efficiently and effectively. 
 Exit of Canada Frontline Operations 
 On July 30, 2020, Chico s FAS Canada, Co., an immaterial subsidiary of the Company, filed for bankruptcy with the Ontario, Canada office of the Superintendent in Bankruptcy. This action resulted in the permanent closure of four Chico s and six WHBM boutiques in Ontario, Canada. In the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we exited our Canada frontline operations and recorded on a net basis a non-material charge, including the realization of a cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Net Income (Loss) and Net Income (Loss) Per Diluted Share 
 For fiscal 2022, the Company reported net income of 109 million, or 0.88 per diluted share, compared to net income of 46 million, or 0.37 per diluted share for fiscal 2021. Results for fiscal 2021 reflect the legal settlement charges of 4 million impact on SG A. 
 Net income for fiscal 2021 was 46 million, or 0.37 per diluted share, compared to a net loss for fiscal 2020 of 360 million, or 3.11 per diluted share. The fiscal 2020 net loss includes approximately 200 million in significant after-tax non-cash charges as a result of the pandemic. The fiscal 2020 net loss includes the unfavorable impact of accelerated depreciation charges of approximately 8 million, after-tax, related to our prior retail fleet optimization plan and Severance Charges of approximately 2 million, after-tax, related to our then revised organizational structure. 
 Summary of Significant Non-Cash Charges (1) 
 Fiscal 2020 Amount (2) 
 of Net Sales (dollars in millions) (2) 
 Gross margin: Inventory write-offs (3) 
 55 4.2 Long-lived store asset impairment (3)(4) 
 21 1.6 Right of use store asset impairment (3) 
 2 0.2 Total significant charges impacting gross margin 79 6.0 Selling, general and administrative expenses: Other long-lived asset impairment (3)(5) 
 8 0.6 Other right of use asset impairment (3) 
 2 0.1 Total charges impacting selling, general and administrative expenses 10 0.7 Goodwill and intangible impairment charges: Goodwill impairment (3) 
 80 6.1 Indefinite-lived asset impairment (3) 
 34 2.6 Total goodwill and intangible impairment charges 114 8.7 Income tax benefit: Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 32 2.4 Total charges impacting income tax benefit 32 2.4 Total significant non-cash charges 235 17.8 
 (1) All significant charges relate to the impact of the pandemic. Less significant charges that may have been incurred are not reflected in the table above. 
 (2) May not foot due to rounding. 
 (3) Presented pre-tax. 
 (4) Primarily includes impairment on leasehold improvements at certain underperforming stores. 
 (5) Includes impairment on capitalized implementation costs related to our cloud computing arrangements and other technology-related assets. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Net Sales 
 The following table depicts net sales by Chico s, WHBM and Soma in dollars and as a percentage of total net sales for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 (dollars in millions) (1) 
 Chico s 1,045 48.7 816 45.1 596 45.0 WHBM 638 29.8 516 28.5 376 28.4 Soma 460 21.5 478 26.4 352 26.6 Total net sales 2,142 100.0 1,810 100.0 1,324 100.0 
 (1) May not foot due to rounding. 
 Net sales for fiscal 2022 increased to 2,142 million from 1,810 million in fiscal 2021. The 18.3 increase reflects a comparable sales increase of 19.6 , partially offset by the impact of the net 1 decrease in selling square footage. The 19.6 comparable sales increase was driven by an increase in transaction count and average dollar sale. 
 Net sales for fiscal 2021 increased to 1,810 million from 1,324 million in fiscal 2020. This 36.7 increase primarily reflects fiscal 2020 disruptions related to the pandemic, including temporary store closures and limited hours, partially offset by 36 permanent store closures since fiscal 2020. 
 The Company is not providing comparable sales figures for the fiscal 2021 compared to the fiscal 2020, as we do not believe it is a meaningful measure due to the significant impacts of the pandemic during fiscal 2020. 
 Cost of Goods Sold/Gross Margin 
 The following table depicts cost of goods sold and gross margin in dollars and gross margin as a percentage of total net sales for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 (dollars in millions) Cost of goods sold 1,304 1,146 1,140 Gross margin 838 664 184 Gross margin percentage 39.1 36.7 13.9 
 
 For fiscal 2022, gross margin was 838 million, or 39.1 of net sales, compared to 664 million, or 36.7 of net sales in the prior year. The 240 basis point increase in gross margin rate primarily reflects occupancy leverage, higher average unit retail and lower utilization of inbound air freight, partially offset by higher raw material costs. 
 For fiscal 2021, gross margin was 664 million, or 36.7 of net sales, compared to 184 million, or 13.9 of net sales, in fiscal 2020. The year-over-year improvement in gross margin rate primarily reflects improved leverage of occupancy costs with rising sales, the impact of inventory write-offs and store impairments as a result of the pandemic in fiscal 2020 as reflected 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 in the Summary of Significant Non-Cash Charges table herein, and margin expansion as a result of higher full-price sales and less promotional activity, partially offset by increases in raw materials and freight costs. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 The following table depicts SG A, which includes store and direct operating expenses, marketing expenses and National Store Support Center expenses, in dollars and as a percentage of total net sales for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 (dollars in millions) Selling, general and administrative expenses 696 597 527 Percentage of total net sales 32.5 33.0 39.8 
 
 For fiscal 2022, SG A was 696 million, or 32.5 of net sales, compared to 597 million, or 33.0 of net sales during the prior year, primarily reflecting ongoing expense management and the impact of 4 million in pre-tax legal settlement charges in last year's third quarter. 
 For fiscal 2021, SG A was 597 million, or 33.0 , compared to 527 million, or 39.8 , in fiscal 2020. The decrease in SG A as a percent of net sales primarily reflects sales leverage and the benefit of cost savings initiatives. 
 Income Taxes 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 21.1 , 23.0 and 21.7 , respectively. The fiscal 2022 effective tax rate primarily reflects a reduction in the valuation allowance due to a decrease in deferred tax assets and favorable share-based compensation benefit. The fiscal 2021 effective tax rate primarily reflects a rate differential due to benefits provided under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act. The fiscal 2020 effective tax rate primarily reflects a rate differential due to the benefits provided under the CARES Act, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the Company s book goodwill impairment charge and the valuation allowance against the Company s deferred tax assets. 
 Cash, Marketable Securities and Debt 
 At fiscal 2022 year end, cash and marketable securities totaled 178 million compared to 115 million at fiscal 2021 year end. Fiscal 2022 year end long-term debt totaled 49 million compared to 99 million at fiscal 2021 year end, reflecting principal reductions of 30 million and 20 million in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2022, respectively. 
 Inventories 
 At fiscal 2022 year end, inventories totaled 277 million compared to 323 million at fiscal 2021 year end, a 46 million, or 14.4 , decrease from the prior year, reflecting a decrease in on-hand inventory of 6.2 and in-transit inventory of 28.5 due to optimized inventory management and shorter goods in-transit times over the prior year. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Receivable 
 At the end of fiscal 2022, our consolidated balance sheet reflected a 8 million income tax receivable after collection of 4 million during fiscal 2022, related to the recovery of Federal income taxes paid in prior years and other tax law changes as a result of the CARES Act. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 The Company s material cash requirements include amounts outstanding under operating leases, open purchase orders for inventory and other operating expenses in the normal course of business, contractual commitments for future capital expenditures, long-term debt obligations and interest payments on long-term debt. Our ongoing capital requirements will continue to be primarily for enhancing and expanding our omnichannel capabilities, including investments in our stores, information technology and supply chain. 
 In response to the pandemic, the Company took actions to reinforce its financial position and liquidity. Specific actions include: significantly reducing capital and expense structures; centralizing key functions to create a nimbler organization to better align costs with expected sales; suspending the quarterly dividend commencing April 2020; aligning inventory receipts with expected demand; partnering with suppliers and vendors to reduce operating costs and extend payment terms; and reviewing real estate and actively negotiating with landlords to deliver rent relief in the form of reductions, abatements and other concessions. In October 2020 and February 2022, the Company also amended and extended its credit facility to strengthen its liquidity and enhance its financial stability. The Company anticipates satisfying its material cash requirements from its cash flows from operating activities, our cash and marketable securities on hand, capacity within our credit facility and other liquidity options. 
 
 The following table summarizes cash flows for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 (dollars in millions) (1) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 162 63 (98) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (64) 14 34 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (59) (52) 91 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 38 24 27 
 (1) May not foot due to rounding. 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2022 was 162 million compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 63 million for fiscal 2021. The change in net cash provided by operating activities primarily reflects higher net income, reduced inventory levels and timing of payables. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2021 was 63 million compared to net cash used in operating activities of 98 million for fiscal 2020. The change in net cash provided by operating activities primarily reflects higher net income and the timing of income taxes and payables, partially offset by elevated inventories and normalized rent payments and rent settlements. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used by investing activities for fiscal 2022 was 64 million compared to net cash provided of 14 million for fiscal 2021, primarily reflecting a 43 million increase in cash used for transactions of marketable securities, 29 million increase in purchases of property and equipment, and a decrease in the proceeds from the sale of certain Corporate assets of 6 million compared to fiscal 2021. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities for fiscal 2021 was 14 million compared to 34 million for fiscal 2020, primarily reflecting a 27 million decrease in net proceeds from the transactions of marketable securities, partially offset by the sale of certain Corporate assets of 8 million. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2022 was 59 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 52 million in fiscal 2021, primarily reflecting a 50 million payment on borrowings in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2022, we received approximately 0.3 million in proceeds from issuing approximately 4 million shares related to employee stock ownership plans. 
 Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2021 was 52 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 91 million in fiscal 2020, primarily reflecting a 50 million payment on borrowings in fiscal 2021 compared to 107 million in net proceeds from borrowings in fiscal 2020, partially offset by an 11 million dividend payment in fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2021, we received approximately 0.1 million in proceeds from issuing approximately 3 million shares related to employee stock ownership plans. 
 Store and Franchise Activity 
 During fiscal 2022, we had a net increase of three stores, consisting of 23 Soma net store openings, partially offset by the closure of 12 Chico's and eight WHBM stores. As of January 28, 2023, the Company's franchise operations consisted of 58 international retail locations in Mexico and two domestic airport locations. 
 Stores continue to be an important part of our omnichannel strategy, and digital sales are higher in markets where we have a retail presence, but we intend to optimize our real estate portfolio, reflecting our emphasis on digital and our priority for higher profitability standards. We will continue to adjust our store base to align with these standards, primarily as leases come due, lease kickouts are available, or buyouts make economic sense. We closed 24 underperforming locations during fiscal 2022 and ended fiscal 2022 with 1,269 boutiques. The Company anticipates closing approximately 20 stores in fiscal 2023, which primarily includes underperforming, mall-based Chico's and WHBM boutiques. We also plan to invest in refreshing 60 existing locations and opening up to 15 Soma stores in fiscal 2023. We will continue to evaluate our store base in light of economic conditions and our business strategy and may adjust the openings and closures as conditions require or as opportunities arise. 
 Credit Facility 
 On February 2, 2022, the Company and certain material domestic subsidiaries entered into Amendment No. 2 (the "Amendment") to its credit agreement (as amended, the "Credit Agreement") originally entered into on August 2, 2018 and amended October 30, 2020, by and among the Company, certain material domestic subsidiaries as co-borrowers and guarantors, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ("Wells Fargo Bank"), as Agent, letter of credit issuer and swing line lender, and certain lenders party thereto. Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the guarantors and are secured by a first priority lien on certain assets of the Company and certain material domestic subsidiaries, including inventory, accounts receivable, cash deposits, certain insurance proceeds, real estate, fixtures and certain intellectual property. The Credit Agreement provides for a five-year asset-based senior secured revolving loan ("ABL") and letter of credit facility of up to 285.0 million, maturing February 2, 2027. The interest rate applicable to Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") Loans drawn under the ABL is equal to Term SOFR plus 1.60 (subject to a further decrease to Term SOFR plus 1.35 or an increase to Term SOFR plus 1.85 based upon average quarterly excess availability under the ABL). The Credit Agreement also provides for a 15.0 million first-in last-out ("FILO") loan. The interest rate applicable to the FILO is equal to Term SOFR plus 3.60 (subject to a further decrease to Term SOFR plus 3.35 or an increase to Term SOFR plus 3.85 based on average quarterly excess availability under the FILO). However, for any ABL or FILO with a SOFR interest rate period of six months, the interest rate applicable to the ABL and FILO is increased by 30 basis points. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and affirmative covenants, as well as customary negative covenants, that, among other things restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of the Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries to: (i) incur liens, (ii) make investments, (iii) issue or incur additional indebtedness, (iv) undergo significant corporate changes, including mergers and acquisitions, (v) make dispositions, (vi) make restricted payments, (vii) prepay other indebtedness and (viii) enter into certain other restrictive agreements. The Company may pay cash dividends and repurchase shares under its share buyback program, subject to certain thresholds of available borrowings based upon the lesser of the aggregate amount of commitments under the Credit Agreement and the borrowing base, determined after giving effect to any such transaction or payment, on a pro forma basis. In addition, the Company must pay a commitment fee per annum on the unused portion of the commitments under the Credit Agreement. 
 As of January 28, 2023, our outstanding debt consisted of 49 million in net borrowings were outstanding under the Credit Agreement. Availability under the Credit Agreement is determined based upon a monthly borrowing base calculation which includes eligible credit card receivables, real estate and inventory, less outstanding borrowings, letters of credit and certain designated reserves. As of January 28, 2023, the available additional borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement was approximately 219 million, inclusive of the current loan cap of 28 million. 
 As of January 28, 2023, deferred financing costs of 3 million was outstanding related to the Credit Agreement, and is presented in other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations are based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, and believes the following assumptions and estimates are significant to reporting our consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
 Inventory Valuation and Shrinkage 
 We identify potentially excess and slow-moving inventories by evaluating inventory aging, turn rates and inventory levels in conjunction with our overall sales trend. Further, inventory realization exposure is identified through analysis of gross margins and markdowns in combination with changes in current business trends. We record excess and slow-moving inventories at net realizable value and may liquidate certain slow-moving inventory through third parties. Historically, the variation of those estimates to actual results is immaterial and material variation is not expected in the future. 
 We estimate our expected shrinkage of inventories between our physical inventory counts by using average store shrinkage experience rates, which are updated on a regular basis. Historically, the variation of those estimates to actual results is immaterial and material variation is not expected in the future. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Retail sales by our stores are recorded at the point of sale and are net of estimated customer returns, sales discounts under rewards programs and company issued coupons, promotional discounts and employee discounts. For sales from our websites and catalogs, revenue is recognized at the point of shipment. Amounts related to shipping and handling costs billed to customers are recorded in net sales and the related shipping and handling costs are recorded in cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). Amounts paid by customers to cover shipping and handling costs are immaterial. 
 We sell gift cards in stores, on our Company-operated e-commerce websites and through third parties. Our gift cards do not have expiration dates. We account for gift cards by recognizing a liability at the time the gift card is sold. The liability is relieved, and revenue is recognized, for gift cards upon redemption. In addition, we recognize revenue for the amount of gift cards expected to go unredeemed (commonly referred to as gift card breakage) under the redemption recognition method. This method records gift card breakage as revenue on a proportional basis over the redemption period based on our historical gift card breakage rate. We determine the gift card breakage rate based on our historical redemption patterns. We recognize revenue on the remaining unredeemed gift cards based on determining that the likelihood of the gift card being redeemed is remote and that there is no legal obligation to remit the unredeemed gift cards to relevant jurisdictions. 
 All three brands offer a points-based rewards program in which customers earn points based on purchases. Attaining specified rewards point levels results in the issuance of reward coupons to discount future purchases. As program members accumulate points, we accrue the estimated future liability, adjusted for expected redemption rates and expirations. The liability is relieved and revenue is recognized for rewards point reward coupons upon redemption. In addition, we recognize revenue on unredeemed points when it can be determined that the likelihood of the point being redeemed is remote and there is no legal obligation to remit the point value. We determined the rewards point breakage rate based on historical and redemption patterns. 
 Our policy towards taxes assessed by a government authority directly imposed on revenue producing transactions between a seller and a customer is, and has been, to exclude all such taxes from net sales. 
 Evaluation of Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 Long-lived assets, including definite-lived assets, are reviewed periodically for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset are less than its carrying amount, an asset is determined to be impaired, and a loss is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. The Company uses market participant rents to calculate the fair value of right of use assets ROU and discounted future cash flows of the asset or asset group using projected financial information and a discount rate that approximates the cost of capital of a market participant to quantify fair value for other long-lived assets. The asset group is defined as the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are available and largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets, which for our retail stores, is primarily at the store level. The estimate of future cash flows requires management to make certain assumptions and to apply judgment, including forecasting future 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 sales and the useful lives of the assets. We exercise our best judgment based on the most current facts and circumstances surrounding our business when applying these impairment rules. We establish our assumptions and arrive at the estimates used in these calculations based upon our historical experience, knowledge of the retail industry and by incorporating third-party data, which we believe results in a reasonably accurate approximation of fair value. Nevertheless, changes in the assumptions used could have an impact on our assessment of recoverability. 
 We review our goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis, or when circumstances indicate its carrying value may not be recoverable. We evaluate the appropriateness of performing a qualitative assessment, on a reporting unit level, based on current circumstances. If we do not perform a qualitative assessment, or if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we will calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. Fair value has historically been determined based on both an income approach and market approach. The income approach is based on estimated future cash flows, discounted at a rate that approximates the cost of capital of a market participant, while the market approach is based on sales and EBITDA multiples of similar companies and/or transactions, or other available indications of value. These approaches use significant estimates and assumptions, including projected future cash flows and the timing of those cash flows, discount rates reflecting risks inherent in future cash flows, perpetual growth rates and determination of appropriate market comparables. For fiscal 2020, we applied a 100 weighting to the income approach as we were able to provide detailed forecasts for the foreseeable future to perform a discounted cash flow analysis. We did not utilize a market approach in the fair value assessment of the reporting units for fiscal 2020 as the implied EBITDA multiples from the market approach did not yield reasonable fair values given the volatile market conditions at the time of the assessments. Estimating the fair value is judgmental in nature, which could have a significant impact on whether or not an impairment charge is recognized and the magnitude of any such charges. Goodwill impairment charges are calculated as the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value up to the amount of reported goodwill. 
 We review our other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or when circumstances indicate its carrying value may not be recoverable. We evaluate the appropriateness of performing a qualitative assessment based on current circumstances. If the results of the qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we calculate the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets using a discounted cash flow method, based on the relief from royalty concept. 
 Operating Leases 
 Rent expense under store operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the leases. Landlord incentives, rent-free periods, rent escalation clauses and other fixed rental expenses are also amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the leases, including the construction period. This is generally 60 90 days prior to the store opening date, when we generally begin improvements in preparation for our intended use. Variable rental expenses are recognized as incurred. Tenant improvement allowances, fixed rent escalation clauses and impairments are included within right of use assets. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with authoritative guidance, which requires the use of the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Inherent in the measurement of deferred balances are certain judgments and interpretations of existing tax law and published guidance as applicable to our operations. Deferred tax assets are reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance to the extent future realization of those tax benefits are uncertain. Our effective tax rate considers management s judgment of expected tax liabilities within the various taxing jurisdictions in which we are subject to tax. 
 We record amounts for uncertain tax positions that management believes are supportable, but are potentially subject to successful challenge by the applicable taxing authority. Consequently, changes in our assumptions and judgments could affect amounts recognized related to income tax uncertainties and may affect our consolidated results of operations or financial position. We believe our assumptions for estimates continue to be reasonable, although actual results may have a positive or negative material impact on the balances of such tax positions. Historically, the variation of estimates to actual results is immaterial and material variation is not expected in the future. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncements 
 As discussed in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we adopted Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes and ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) as of January 31, 2021. Adoption of ASU 2019-12 and ASU 2021-01 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1, Business Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of certain newly issued accounting pronouncements which may impact our financial statements in future reporting periods. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain statements concerning our current expectations, assumptions, plans, estimates, judgments and projections about our business and our industry and other statements that are not historical facts. These are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In most cases, words or phrases such as anticipates, believes, confident, could, estimates, expects, intends, target, will, plans, "path," should, approximately, our planning assumptions, future outlook and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based largely on information currently available to our management and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Although we believe our expectations are based on reasonable estimates and assumptions, they are not guarantees of performance. There is no assurance that our expectations will occur or that our estimates or assumptions will be correct, and we caution investors and all others not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those described in Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the following: 
 
 The ability of our suppliers, logistics providers, vendors and landlords, to meet their obligations to us in light of financial stress, labor shortages, liquidity challenges, bankruptcy filings by other industry participants, and supply chain and other disruptions; 
 increases in unemployment rates and labor shortages; 
 our ability to sufficiently staff our retail stores; 
 changes in general economic conditions, including but not limited to, consumer confidence and spending patterns; 
 the impacts of rising inflation, gasoline prices, and interest rates on consumer spending; 
 market disruptions including pandemics or significant health hazards, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, terrorist activities, financial crises, political crises, war and other military conflicts (such as the war in Ukraine) or other major events, or the prospect of these events, including their impact on consumer spending, inflation and the global supply chain; 
 domestic and global political and social conditions and the potential impacts of geopolitical turmoil or conflict; 
 shifts in consumer behavior, and our ability to adapt, identify and respond to new and changing fashion trends and customer preferences, and to coordinate product development with buying and planning; 
 changes in the general or specialty retail or apparel industries, including significant decreases in market demand and the overall level of spending for women s private branded clothing and related accessories; 
 our ability to secure and maintain customer acceptance of in-store and online concepts and styles; 
 the effects of the pandemic, including uncertainties about its depth and duration, new variants of COVID-19 that have emerged, the speed, efficacy and availability of vaccines and treatments, its impact on general economic conditions, human capital management, consumer behavior and discretionary spending, the effectiveness of any actions taken in response to the pandemic, and the impact of the pandemic on our manufacturing operations, shipping costs and timelines and the global supply chain; 
 our ability to maintain strong relationships with our vendors, manufacturers, licensors, and retailer customers; increased competition in the markets in which we operate, including for, among other things, premium mall space; 
 our ability to remain competitive with customer shipping terms and costs; 
 decreases in customer traffic at malls, shopping centers and our stores; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices; 
 significant increases in the costs of manufacturing, raw materials, transportation, importing, distribution, labor and advertising; 
 decreases in the quality of merchandise received from suppliers and increases in delivery times for receiving such merchandise; 
 our ability to appropriately manage our store fleet, including the closing of underperforming stores and opening of new stores, and our ability to achieve the expected results of any such store openings or store closings; 
 our ability to appropriately manage inventory and allocation processes and leverage targeted promotions; 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to maintain cost saving discipline; 
 our ability to operate our retail websites in a profitable manner; 
 our ability to successfully identify and implement additional sales and distribution channels; 
 our ability to successfully execute and achieve the expected results of our business, brand strategies, brand awareness programs, and merchandising and marketing programs including, but not limited to, the Company s three-year strategic growth plan, sales initiatives, multi-channel strategies and four strategic pillars which are: 1) customer led; 2) product obsessed; 3) digital first; and 4) operationally excellent; 
 our ability to utilize our Fort Myers campus, DC and other support facilities in an efficient and effective manner; 
 our reliance on sourcing from foreign suppliers and significant adverse economic, labor, political or other shifts (including adverse changes in tariffs, taxes or other import regulations, particularly with respect to China, or legislation prohibiting certain imports from China); 
 U.S. and foreign governmental actions and policies and changes thereto; 
 the continuing performance, implementation and integration of our management information systems; 
 our ability to successfully update and maintain our information systems; 
 the impact of any system failure, cyber security or other data security breaches, including any security breaches resulting in the theft, transfer, or unauthorized disclosure of customer, employee, or company information that we or our third-party vendors may experience; 
 the risks that our share repurchase program may not successfully enhance shareholder value, or that share repurchases could be negatively perceived by investors; 
 our ability to comply with applicable domestic and foreign information security and privacy laws, regulations and technology platform rules or other obligations related to data privacy and security; 
 our ability to attract, hire, train, motivate and retain qualified employees in an inclusive environment; 
 our ability to successfully recruit leadership or transition members of our senior management team; 
 increased public focus and opinion on environmental, social and governance ESG initiatives and our ability to meet any announced ESG goals and initiatives; 
 future unsolicited offers to buy the Company and actions of activist shareholders and others and our ability to respond effectively; 
 our ability to secure and protect our trademark and other intellectual property rights; our ability to protect our reputation and brand images; 
 unanticipated obligations or changes in estimates arising from new or existing litigation, income taxes and other regulatory proceedings; 
 unanticipated adverse changes in legal, regulatory or tax laws, including the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022; and 
 our ability to comply with the terms of our credit agreement, including the restrictive provisions limiting our flexibility in operating our business and obtaining additional credit on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 These factors should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements contained herein. All forward-looking statements that are made or attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The market risk of our financial instruments as of January 28, 2023 has not materially changed since January 29, 2022. We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates on any future indebtedness and our marketable securities and from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Our exposure to interest rate risk relates in part to our Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, which is further discussed in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 12 to the accompanying audited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The interest rate applicable to Term SOFR Loans drawn under the ABL is equal to Term SOFR plus 1.60 (subject to a further decrease to Term SOFR plus 1.35 or an increase to Term SOFR plus 1.85 based upon average quarterly excess availability under the ABL). The Credit Agreement also provides for a 15.0 million FILO loan. The interest rate applicable to the FILO is equal to Term SOFR plus 3.60 (subject to a further decrease to Term SOFR plus 3.35 or an increase to Term SOFR plus 3.85 based on average quarterly excess availability under the FILO). However, for any ABL or FILO with a SOFR interest rate period of six months, the interest rate applicable to the ABL and FILO is increased by 30 basis points. As of January 28, 2023, 49 million in borrowings were outstanding under the Credit Agreement and is reflected as long-term debt in the accompanying audited condensed consolidated balance sheet. An increase in market interest rates of 100 basis points would increase interest expense in the amount of approximately 2.0 million over the remaining term of the loan. 
 Our investment portfolio is maintained in accordance with our investment policy which identifies allowable investments, specifies credit quality standards and limits the credit exposure of any single issuer. Our investment portfolio consists of cash equivalents and marketable securities which includes U.S. government agencies, corporate bonds and commercial paper. The marketable securities portfolio as of January 28, 2023 consisted of 16 million of securities with maturity dates within one year or less and 9 million with maturity dates over one year. We consider all securities available-for-sale including those with maturity dates beyond 12 months, and therefore classified these securities, as applicable, as short-term investments within current assets on the consolidated balance sheets as they are available to support current operational liquidity needs. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Chico s FAS, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Chico s FAS, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation Allowances on Deferred Tax Assets 
 Description of the Matter 
 As more fully described in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance that reflects management s judgment it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. At January 28, 2023, the Company had gross deferred tax assets of 165.9 million and gross deferred tax liabilities of 138.2 million, resulting in net deferred tax assets of 27.7 million with an offsetting valuation allowance of 28.8 million. Management considered the positive and negative evidence available through review of future reversal of existing temporary differences, tax planning strategies that were deemed prudent and feasible and current forecasts of future profitability in assessing the Company s ability to realize the deferred tax assets. The forecasts of future profitability included the impact of recent trends and various macroeconomic factors, which can possess a high degree of volatility and could have a significant impact on the Company s profitability. Given this uncertainty and the Company s three-year cumulative loss, management has concluded it cannot rely on forecasts of future profitability in assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets and continues to believe it is not more likely than not that the Company will realize the net deferred tax assets as of January 28, 2023. 
 Auditing management s assessment of the realizability of its deferred tax assets was complex and judgmental because the assessment process involves the subjective evaluation of assumptions including the weight of all positive and negative available evidence such as forecasts of future profitability, current and cumulative financial reporting results, reversal of temporary differences and tax planning strategies. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the realizability of deferred tax assets. This included controls over management s scheduling of the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, identification of feasible, prudent tax planning strategies and assessment of the weight of evidence to attribute to the Company s projected future taxable income. 
 To test the realizability of the deferred tax assets, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the Company s scheduling of the reversal of existing temporary taxable differences, evaluating the Company s consideration of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies and evaluating the Company s consideration of the weight of both positive and negative evidence supporting the use of projections of future taxable income to support realizability of the deferred tax assets and the inherent uncertainty in the projections. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 CHICO S FAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 (52 weeks) (52 weeks) (52 weeks) Amount of Sales Amount of Sales Amount of Sales Net Sales Cost of goods sold Gross Margin Selling, general and administrative expenses Goodwill and intangible impairment charges Income (Loss) from Operations ) ) Interest (expense) income, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Income (Loss) before Income Taxes ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) Net Income (Loss) ) ) Per Share Data: Net income (loss) per common share-basic ) Net income (loss) per common and common equivalent share diluted 
 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 CHICO S FAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 (52 weeks) (52 weeks) (52 weeks) Net Income (Loss) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: 
 Unrealized losses on marketable securities, net of taxes ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 CHICO S FAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands) 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities, at fair value Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income tax receivable Total Current Assets Property and Equipment, net Right of Use Assets Other Assets: Goodwill Other intangible assets Other assets, net Total Other Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Current lease liabilities Other current and deferred liabilities Total Current Liabilities Noncurrent Liabilities: Long-term debt Long-term lease liabilities Other noncurrent and deferred liabilities Total Noncurrent Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies: (see Note 13) Shareholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Total Shareholders Equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 CHICO S FAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Gain Shares Par Value Shares Amount Retained Earnings Total BALANCE, February 1, 2020 ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU 2016-02 ) ) BALANCE, February 1, 2020, as adjusted ) ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized losses on marketable securities, net of taxes ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Issuance of common stock Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock tax withholdings related to share-based awards ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation BALANCE, January 30, 2021 ) Net income Unrealized losses on marketable securities, net of taxes ) ) Issuance of common stock Dividends on common stock per share) 
 Repurchase of common stock tax withholdings related to share-based awards ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation BALANCE, January 29, 2022 ) Net income Unrealized losses on marketable securities, net of taxes ) ) Issuance of common stock Dividends on common stock Repurchase of common stock tax withholdings related to share-based awards ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation BALANCE, January 28, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 CHICO S FAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 (52 weeks) (52 weeks) (52 weeks) Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Goodwill and intangible impairment charges, pre-tax Inventory write-offs Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense Exit of frontline Canada operations Right of use asset impairment Loss on disposal and impairment of long-lived assets, net Deferred tax benefit ) Share-based compensation Changes in assets and liabilities: Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Income tax receivable ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued and other liabilities Lease liability ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) by operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of Corporate assets Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from borrowings Payments on borrowings ) ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid ) Payments of tax withholdings related to share-based awards ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of period 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of period 
 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid (received) for income taxes, net ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 CHICO S FAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts and where otherwise indicated) 

1. 
 stores located throughout the United States U.S. ), Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and sold merchandise through international franchise locations in Mexico and domestic airport locations. 

operating segments are aggregated into reportable segment due to the similarities of the economic and operating characteristics of the brands. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic Update 
 The novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic (the COVID-19 pandemic or the pandemic resulted in significant challenges across our business beginning in March 2020 with those impacts progressively moderating in 2021 and 2022. The pandemic disrupted our business operations to varying degrees over the last three years, including but not limited to temporary store closures and/or a reduction in hours, staffing and capacity, supply chain delays and higher raw materials and freight costs. Continued uncertainty remains regarding how the pandemic has and may have ultimately impacted our business operations, operating results and operating cash flows as well as consumer behavior, spending levels and shopping preferences. Due to this uncertainty, the economic and operational impacts of the pandemic may continue into our fiscal year 2023. 

_______________________ 
 1 As used in this report, all references to we, us, our, the Company, and Chico's FAS refer to Chico s FAS, Inc., a Florida corporation, and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

49 

Table of Contents 

to days of sales. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Approximately of total purchases in fiscal 2022 and 2021 were made from supplier. In fiscal 2022 approximately of our merchandise cost originated in Vietnam. In fiscal 2021 approximately of our merchandise cost originated in China. 
 
 Unamortized capitalized costs were million as of January 28, 2023 and million as of January 29, 2022. Accumulated amortization was million as of January 28, 2023 and million as of January 29, 2022. Expense related to capitalized CCA contracts for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 years or less) or the related lease term, plus one anticipated renewal when there is an economic cost associated with non-renewal. 
 - years 
 Building and building improvements - years 
 Equipment, furniture and fixtures - years 
 Leasehold improvements years or term 
 of lease, if shorter 
 
 Maintenance and repairs of property and equipment are expensed as incurred, and major improvements are capitalized. Upon retirement, sale or other disposition of property and equipment, the cost and accumulated depreciation or amortization are eliminated from the accounts, and any gain or loss is charged to income. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

million at the Chico's reporting unit and a charge of million at the WHBM reporting unit, as further discussed in Note 3. These impairment charges are included in goodwill and intangible impairment charges in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 As part of the Company's annual impairment test during the fourth quarter (the annual impairment test for fiscal 2020, we elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform impairment testing for each of our reporting units, as applicable. As a result of the annual impairment test, the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units, as applicable, exceeded their respective carrying value and, as such, we concluded that the goodwill was not impaired at those measurements dates. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 million of our WHBM trademark and million of our Chico's franchise rights, as further discussed in Note 3. These impairment charges are included in goodwill and intangible impairment charges in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 As part of the Company's annual impairment test during the fourth quarter for fiscal 2020, we elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform impairment testing on the WHBM trademark and Chico's franchise rights. As a result of the annual impairment test, the Company recognized an additional pre-tax impairment charge of million on our WHBM trademark and million on our Chico's franchise rights, as further discussed in Note 3. These impairment charges are included in goodwill and intangible impairment charges in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 million in pre-tax impairment charges upon completion of our evaluation of long-lived assets which is included both in selling, general and administrative expenses SG A and cost of goods sold COGS sections of the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). Of the million, million in pre-tax impairment charges related to long-lived assets at retail stores, million in pre-tax impairment charges consisted of impairment on capitalized implementation costs related to our cloud computing arrangements and million in pre-tax impairment charges related to certain Company-owned real estate. We did not record impairment charges related to our operating lease assets during fiscal 2022. 
 For fiscal 2021, we recorded million in pre-tax impairment charges upon completion of our evaluation of long-lived assets which is primarily included in SG A in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). Of the million, million in pre-tax impairment charges related to certain Company-owned real estate and million in pre-tax impairment charges consisted of impairment on capitalized implementation costs related to our cloud computing arrangements. Pre-tax impairment charges for long-lived assets at retail stores during fiscal 2021 were immaterial. We did not record impairment charges related to our operating lease assets during fiscal 2021. 
 Fiscal 2020 Long-Lived Asset Impairment Charges Related to the Pandemic 
 During fiscal 2020, we recorded million in pre-tax impairment charges upon completion of our evaluation of long-lived assets. Of the million in pre-tax impairment charges, million and million consisted of leasehold improvements and operating lease assets, respectively, at certain underperforming stores. The remaining million in pre-tax impairment charges on our long-lived assets primarily consisted of capitalized implementation costs related to our cloud computing arrangements, other technology-related assets and other right of use assets. The million in pre-tax impairment charges on our long-lived assets are reflected in the financial statements as million in COGS and million in SG A in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss), as further discussed in Note 4. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

For fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, advertising expense was approximately million, million and million, respectively, and is included within SG A in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). 

million, million and million in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included within COGS in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 54 

Table of Contents 

55 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 WHBM Soma Total net sales 
 Contract Liability 
 Contract liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets are comprised of obligations associated with our gift card and customer rewards programs. As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, contract liabilities primarily consisted of gift cards of million and million, respectively. For fiscal 2022, the Company recognized million of revenue that was previously included in the gift card contract liability as of January 29, 2022. For fiscal 2021, the Company recognized million of revenue that was previously included in the gift card contract liability as of January 30, 2021. 
 The Company maintains a customer rewards program in which customers earn points toward rewards for qualifying purchases and other marketing activities. Upon reaching specified point values, customers are issued a reward, which they may redeem on merchandise purchases at the Company s stores or on its website. Generally, rewards earned must be redeemed within 60 days from the date of issuance. The Company defers a portion of the merchandise sales based on the estimated standalone selling price of the points earned. This deferred revenue is recognized as the rewards are redeemed or expire. 
 
 Reduction in revenue / (revenue recognized) Ending balance rewards deferred revenue 
 
 Performance Obligation 

3. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 million at the Chico's reporting unit and a charge of million at the WHBM reporting unit, reducing the carrying value of goodwill to for the WHBM reporting unit. In addition, the Company recognized pre-tax impairment charges to write down the carrying values of its other indefinite-lived intangible assets to their fair values as follows: million of our WHBM trademark and million of our Chico's franchise rights. These impairment charges are included in goodwill and intangible impairment charges in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Fiscal 2020 Annual Impairment Assessment 
 For fiscal 2020, the Company elected to bypass the qualitative assessment of its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and performed a quantitative valuation of its goodwill and intangible assets during the fourth quarter (the annual impairment test ). The valuation of the Company's goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets was determined with the assistance of an independent valuation firm using the income approach (DCF method) and relief from royalty method, respectively. We applied a 100 weighting to the income approach as we were able to provide detailed forecasts for the foreseeable future to perform a DCF analysis. We did not utilize a market approach in the fair value assessment of the reporting units as the implied EBITDA or sales multiples from the market approach did not yield reasonable fair values given the volatile market conditions at the time of the assessment. In addition, the Company s publicly traded market capitalization was reconciled to the sum of the fair values of the reporting units estimates using the income approach described above. The fair value of our trademark was determined using an approach that values the Company s cash savings from having a royalty-free license compared to the market rate it would pay for access to use the trademark. 
 As a result of Company's annual impairment test, we determined there was no incremental impairment for goodwill in fiscal 2020 and recorded the following additional impairment charges in fiscal 2020 of its other indefinite-lived intangible assets as follows: million of our WHBM trademark and million of our Chico's franchise rights. These impairment charges are included in goodwill and intangible impairment charges in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 We did t record goodwill and intangible impairment charges during fiscal 2022 and 2021. 
 ) WHBM reporting unit ) ) Other intangible assets: WHBM trademark ) Chico's franchise rights ) ) 
 
 4. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 million in pre-tax impairment charges upon completion of our evaluation of long-lived assets which is included both, in SG A and COGS sections of the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). Of the million, million in pre-tax impairment charges related to long-lived assets at retail stores, million in pre-tax impairment charges consisted of impairment on capitalized implementation costs related to our cloud computing arrangements and million in pre-tax impairment charges related to certain Company-owned real estate. We did not record impairment charges related to our operating lease assets during fiscal 2022. 
 For fiscal 2021, we recorded million in pre-tax impairment charges upon completion of our evaluation of long-lived assets which is primarily included in SG A in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). Of the million, million in pre-tax impairment charges related to certain Company-owned real estate and million in pre-tax impairment charges consisted of impairment on capitalized implementation costs related to our cloud computing arrangements. Pre-tax impairment charges for long-lived assets at retail stores during fiscal 2021 were immaterial. We did not record impairment charges related to our operating lease assets during fiscal 2021. 
 Fiscal 2020 Long-Lived Asset Impairment Charges 
 In fiscal 2020, the Company experienced varying degrees of business disruptions as a result of the pandemic, which had a material adverse impact on our business operations and operating results and operating cash flows. As a result, the Company reduced its level of forecasted earnings for fiscal 2020 and future periods across all of its brands. In light of the temporary closure of all its stores across North America during the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and lower-than-expected earnings for fiscal 2020 and future periods, the Company concluded that these factors, among other factors, represented impairment indicators which required the Company to test certain of its long-lived assets and operating lease assets for impairment during fiscal 2020. 
 During fiscal 2020, we completed an evaluation of certain long-lived assets for indicators of impairment, and consequently, recorded pre-tax impairment charges of approximately million, of which consisted of million in leasehold improvements at certain underperforming stores and million which primarily consisted of capitalized implementation costs related to our cloud computing arrangements and other technology-related assets. The million in pre-tax impairment charges are reflected in the financial statements as million in COGS and million in SG A in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). Pre-tax impairment charges reduced the net carrying value of long-lived assets at retail stores to their estimated fair value, as determined using a discounted cash flow model. 
 During fiscal 2020, we completed an evaluation of our operating lease assets for indicators of impairment, and consequently, recorded pre-tax impairment charges of approximately million, of which million consisted of impairment on operating lease assets at certain underperforming stores. The million in pre-tax impairment charges are reflected in the financial statements as million in COGS and million in SG A in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 5. 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. The million inventory write-off for fiscal 2020 included million in significant inventory-write offs as a result of changes in the market for those inventories and the resulting slowdown in sell through rates due to the impact of the pandemic during fiscal 2020. 
 
 6. 
 t have marketable securities as of January 29, 2022. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 ) 
 
 7. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Relief from royalty Weighted-average cost of capital to 
 Long-term revenue growth rate - to 
 Long-lived assets at retail stores and operating lease assets (1) 
 Discounted cash flow 
 Weighted-average cost of capital to 
 Long-term revenue growth rate to 
 
 (1) The fair value of million specifically relates to only those locations which had impairment charges related to the pandemic during fiscal 2020. 
 As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the fair value of goodwill for the Chico's reporting unit and the WHBM trademark was million and million, respectively. 
 The Company performed its valuation of its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets using a quantitative approach during fiscal 2020 and recognized million in pre-tax goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment charges as further discussed in Note 3, million in pre-tax impairment charges primarily consisting of leasehold improvements at certain underperforming stores, capitalized implementation costs related to our cloud computing arrangements and other technology-related assets, and million in pre-tax impairment charges for operating lease assets, as further discussed in Note 4. Impairment charges for assets evaluated for impairment on a nonrecurring basis were not material during fiscal 2022 and 2021. 
 As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, our revolving loan and letter of credit facility approximates fair value as this instrument has a variable interest rate which approximates current market rates (Level 2 criteria). 
 Fair value calculations contain significant judgments and estimates, which may differ from actual results due to, among other things, economic conditions, changes to the business model or changes in operating performance. The most sensitive assumptions in our estimates include short and long-term revenue recoverability rates as a result of the pandemic, which could impact future impairment charges. 
 We conduct reviews on a quarterly basis to verify pricing, assess liquidity and determine if significant inputs have changed that would impact the fair value hierarchy disclosure. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 Marketable securities: U.S. government agencies Corporate bonds Commercial paper Noncurrent Assets Deferred compensation plan Total recurring fair value measurements Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using January 29, 2022 (52 weeks) Balance as of January 29, 2022 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Impairment (1) 
 Recurring fair value measurements: Current Assets Cash equivalents: Money market accounts Noncurrent Assets Deferred compensation plan Total recurring fair value measurements 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Marketable securities: Corporate bonds Noncurrent Assets Deferred compensation plan Total recurring fair value measurements Nonrecurring fair value measurements: Noncurrent Assets Goodwill ) Trademark ) Long-lived assets (2) 
 ) Operating lease assets (2) 
 ) Total nonrecurring fair value measurements ) 
 (1) Impairment charges for assets evaluated for impairment on a nonrecurring basis were not material during fiscal 2021 and 2022. 
 (2) The fair value of million and million specifically relates to only those locations which had asset impairment charges related to the pandemic during fiscal 2020. 

8. 
 Accounts receivable Other current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 Building and building improvements Equipment, furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Total depreciation expense for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 million, resulting in a net gain of million as reflected in loss on disposal and impairment of long-lived assets, net, in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 10. 
 
 million, million and million in variable lease costs for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Current lease liabilities Long-term lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (years) Weighted Average Discount Rate (1) 
 
 (1) The incremental borrowing rate used by the Company is based on the rate at which the Company could borrow funds using its credit rating for a collateralized loan of similar term to the lease. The weighted average discount rate represents a weighted average of the incremental borrowing rate for each lease, weighted based on the remaining fixed lease obligations. 
 (1) 
 Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations, non-cash 
 (1) The Company suspended or deferred rental payments when and where applicable as a result of the impact of the pandemic. 
 February 1, 2025 January 31, 2026 January 30, 2027 January 29, 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 
 Certain leases provide that we may cancel the lease if our retail sales at that location fall below an established level. A majority of our store operating leases contain cancellation clauses that allow the leases to be terminated at our discretion, if certain minimum sales levels are not met within the first few years of the lease term. We have not historically met or exercised a significant number of these cancellation clauses and, therefore, have included commitments for the full lease terms of such leases in the above table. For fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, total rent expense under operating leases was approximately million, million and million, respectively, including common area maintenance charges of approximately million, million and million, respectively, other rental charges of approximately million, million and million, respectively, and contingent rental expense, based on sales, of approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 Accrued payroll, benefits, bonuses and severance costs and termination benefits Other Other current and deferred liabilities 
 million which was remitted in fiscal 2021. The CARES Act also provided refundable employee retention credits, which could be used to offset payroll tax liabilities. For the year ended January 30, 2021, we recorded a benefit of approximately million, which primarily offsets payroll tax expense. 
 
 12. 
 asset-based senior secured revolving loan ("ABL") and letter of credit facility of up to million, maturing February 2, 2027. The interest rate applicable to Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") Loans drawn under the ABL is equal to Term SOFR plus (subject to a further decrease to Term SOFR plus or an increase to Term SOFR plus based upon average quarterly excess availability under the ABL). The Credit Agreement also provides for a million first-in last-out ("FILO") loan. The interest rate applicable to the FILO is equal to Term SOFR plus (subject to a further decrease to Term SOFR plus or an increase to Term SOFR plus based on average quarterly excess availability under the FILO). However, for any ABL or FILO with a SOFR interest rate period of six months, the interest rate applicable to the ABL and FILO is increased by basis points. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and affirmative covenants, as well as customary negative covenants, that, among other things restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the ability of the Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries to: (i) incur liens, (ii) make investments, (iii) issue or incur additional indebtedness, (iv) undergo significant corporate changes, including mergers and acquisitions, (v) make dispositions, (vi) make restricted payments, (vii) prepay other indebtedness and (viii) enter into certain other restrictive agreements. The Company may pay cash dividends and repurchase shares under its share buyback program, subject to certain thresholds of available borrowings based upon the lesser of the aggregate amount of commitments under the Credit Agreement and the borrowing base, determined after giving effect to any such transaction or payment, on a pro forma basis. In addition, the Company must pay a commitment fee per annum on the unused portion of the commitments under the Credit Agreement. 
 As of January 28, 2023, our outstanding debt consisted of million in net borrowings were outstanding under the Credit Agreement. Availability under the Credit Agreement is determined based upon a monthly borrowing base calculation which includes eligible credit card receivables, real estate and inventory, less outstanding borrowings, letters of credit and certain designated reserves. As of January 28, 2023, the available additional borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement was approximately million, inclusive of the current loan cap of million. 
 As of January 28, 2023, deferred financing costs of million was outstanding related to the Credit Agreement, and is presented in other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 There are no debt payments due through fiscal year 2024 and million is due in fiscal 2025. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 million and million, respectively, of open purchase orders for inventory, in the normal course of business. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings other than claims and lawsuits arising in the normal course of our business. All such matters are subject to uncertainties, and outcomes may not be predictable. Consequently, the ultimate aggregate amounts of monetary liability or financial impact with respect to such matters as of January 28, 2023 are not estimable. However, while such matters could affect our consolidated operating results when resolved in future periods, management believes that upon final disposition, any monetary liability or financial impact to us would not be material to our annual consolidated financial statements. 

14. 
 million shares plus any shares represented by awards granted under prior plans that are forfeited, expired or canceled without delivery of shares. Awards under the 2020 Omnibus Plan may be in the form of restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock, performance-based stock units, stock options and stock appreciation rights, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 2020 Omnibus Plan. The terms of each award will be determined by the Human Resources, Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors or by the Board of Directors. 
 We have historically issued restricted stock, including non-vested restricted stock, performance-based stock units and stock options. Shares of non-vested restricted stock granted prior to fiscal 2020 have the same voting rights as common stock, are entitled to receive dividends and other distributions, and are considered to be currently issued and outstanding. Shares of restricted stock granted after fiscal 2019 have the same voting rights as common stock, are entitled to dividend equivalents only to the extent they have met their specific service conditions and are considered to be currently issued and outstanding. The Company's performance-based stock units are subject to vesting conditions, including meeting specified annual Company performance objectives. Under the annual PSU grants in March 2022, each performance based award recipient could vest to of the target shares granted contingent on the achievement of the Company's financial performance metrics. Performance-based stock units are entitled to dividend equivalents only to the extent the specific performance goals are met and are entitled to voting rights only upon the issuance of shares after meeting these specific performance goals. Generally, share-based awards vest evenly over or cliff-vest after a period; stock options generally have a -year term. As of January 28, 2023, approximately million shares remain available for future grants of share-based awards assuming all awards will vest of the target shares granted. 
 Share-based compensation expense for all awards is based on the grant date fair value of the award, net of estimated forfeitures, and is recognized over the requisite service period of the awards. Compensation expense for restricted stock awards and stock options with a service condition is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Compensation expense for performance-based awards with a service condition is recognized ratably for each vesting tranche based on our estimate of the level and likelihood of meeting certain Company-specific performance goals. We estimate the expected forfeiture rate for all share-based awards, and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In determining the portion of the share-based payment award that is ultimately expected to be earned, we derive forfeiture rates based on historical data. In accordance with the authoritative guidance, we revise our forfeiture rates, when necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those originally estimated. Total compensation expense related to share-based awards in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The total tax benefit associated with share-based compensation for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 period from the date of grant, except for a restricted stock award granted to our then Chief Executive Officer CEO and President in fiscal 2019, which vests over a period from the date of grant, and restricted stock awards granted in March 2021, which vest one year from the date of grant, two years from the date of grant and three years from the date of grant. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested, end of period 
 Total fair value of shares of restricted stock awards that vested during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock awards granted during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. As of January 28, 2023, there was million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of approximately years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Restricted stock units vest from the date of grant with certain rights to defer settlement in shares of our common stock, except for restricted stock units granted in March 2021, which vest one year from the date of grant, two years from the date of grant and three years from the date of grant. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Unvested, end of period 
 Total fair value of shares of restricted stock units that vested during fiscal 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted during fiscal 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. As of January 28, 2023, there was million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock units. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of approximately years. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 from the date of grant and will be settled in shares of our common stock. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested, end of period 
 Total fair value of performance-based stock units that vested during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of PSUs granted during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. As of January 28, 2023, there was million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to non-vested PSUs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 At the 2021 Annual Meeting, shareholders approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP under which substantially all full-time employees are given the right to purchase shares of our common stock during each of the specified offering periods each fiscal year at a price equal to percent of the value of the stock immediately prior to the beginning of each offering period. During fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately thousand, thousand and thousand shares, respectively, were purchased under the ESPP. Cash received from purchases under the ESPP for fiscal 2022 was million. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In November 2015, we announced a million share repurchase authorization for the Company's common stock. We did t repurchase any of the Company's common stock during fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of January 28, 2023, million remains under the share repurchase program. However, we have no continuing obligation to repurchase shares under this authorization, and the timing, actual number and value of any additional shares to be purchased will depend on the performance of our stock price, market conditions and other considerations. 
 
 15. 
 of service and hours worked. Participants must meet a minimum age requirement of 21. Under the Plan, employees may contribute up to percent of their annual compensation, subject to certain statutory limitations. We have elected to match employee contributions at percent on the first percent of the employees contributions and can elect to make additional contributions over and above the mandatory match. Employees rights to Company contributions vest fully upon completing of service, with incremental vesting starting in service year two. As a result of the pandemic, the Company temporarily suspended its match in fiscal 2020 which was subsequently reinstated. For fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, our costs under the Plan were approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 Effective December 31, 2021, the Company made the decision to freeze the Chico s FAS, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Plan and to terminate and distribute the elective deferrals (and related earnings) portion of the Deferred Plan in accordance with the Deferred Plan terms and requirements under applicable tax laws. As of January 28, 2023, the Company s liability for the deferred compensation is million. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 ) State Foreign Total ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State Total ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) 
 The foreign component of pre-tax income (loss), arising principally from operating foreign stores and other management and cost sharing charges we are required to allocate under U.S. tax law, for fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, ) million and ) million, respectively. 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted to provide economic relief to those impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act made various tax law changes including among other things (i) modifications to the federal net operating loss rules including permitting federal net operating losses incurred in 2018, 2019 and 2020 to be carried back to the five preceding taxable years in order to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes (ii) enhanced recoverability of AMT tax credit carryforwards and (iii) enacted a technical correction so that qualified improvement property can be immediately expensed under IRC Section 168(k). 
 As a result of the CARES Act, through fiscal 2022, the Company received tax refunds of million, and still maintains a million income tax receivable related to the carryback of 2020 net operating losses. The Company recorded an additional income tax benefit in fiscal 2021 of million, over the million that was recorded in fiscal 2020, related to the 2020 carryback as the Company was subject to higher federal corporate income tax rates in prior periods than the current statutory tax rate of 21 . 
 No additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the one-time transition tax, or any additional outside basis difference inherent in these entities, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. There were no significant undistributed foreign earnings at January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021. 
 State income tax, net of federal tax benefit Goodwill impairment with no tax basis ) Impact of the CARES Act ) Excess share-based compensation ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) ) Executive compensation limitations Other items, net Total 
 (1) Since fiscal 2019 is no longer reported, de minimis effective tax rate reconciling items have been combined in Other items, net, for all years presented. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Accrued liabilities and allowances Share-based compensation Property related State and foreign net operating loss carryforwards Federal and state tax credit carryforwards Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease assets ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid and other expenses ) ) Property related ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred taxes ) ) 
 As of January 28, 2023, the Company had deferred tax assets for state and local net operating losses and federal and state tax credit carryovers in the amounts of million and million, respectively, on a gross basis that could be utilized to reduce future years' tax liabilities. The net operating losses and tax credit carryovers expire, if unused, in the years 2023 - 2040 and 2023 - 2028, respectively. As of January 28, 2023, the Company had deferred tax assets related to foreign net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of million on a gross basis. The foreign carryforwards will begin to expire, if unused, in 2024. Some foreign net operating losses have an indefinite carryforward. 
 We consider both positive and negative evidence when measuring the need for a valuation allowance. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it may be objectively verified. Current and cumulative financial reporting results are a source of objectively verifiable evidence. We give operating results during the most recent three-year period a significant weight in our analysis. We typically only consider forecasts of future profitability when positive cumulative operating results exist in the most recent three-year period. We perform scheduling exercises around the future reversal of existing temporary differences to determine if sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character exists in the periods required in order to realize our deferred tax assets with limited lives (such as tax loss carryforwards and tax credits) prior to their expiration. We consider tax planning strategies that are prudent and feasible to accelerate taxable amounts if required to utilize expiring deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance is not required to the extent that, in our judgment, positive evidence exists with a magnitude and duration sufficient to result in a conclusion that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 We consider our current forecasts of future profitability in assessing our ability to realize our deferred tax assets, including our state and local net operating losses and credit carryforwards. These forecasts include the impact of recent trends, including various macroeconomic factors such as the impact of the pandemic and inflation, on our profitability. Macroeconomic factors, including the impact of the pandemic and inflation, possess a high degree of volatility and can significantly impact our profitability. Given this uncertainty and the Company s cumulative three year losses, we believe we cannot rely on forecasts of future profitability for purposes of our assessment of the realizability of deferred tax assets and as such, we conclude that it is not more likely than not that, at January 28,2023, our U.S. net deferred tax assets will be utilized and a full valuation allowance has been maintained. 
 For the fiscal years 2022 and 2021, the Company maintained a valuation allowance of million and million, respectively, attributable to deferred tax assets, state, local and foreign net operating loss carryforwards and federal and state tax credits which are not realizable on a more likely than not basis. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Additions for tax positions for the current year Settlements/payments with tax authorities ) Reductions due to lapse of applicable statutes of limitation ) ) Balance at end of year 
 At January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021, balances included million, million and million respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably impact the effective tax rate in future periods. We do not expect any events to occur that would cause a change to our unrecognized tax benefits or income tax expense within the next twelve months. 
 Our continuing practice is to recognize potential accrued interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision. We incurred interest and penalties for each of the fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. We had accruals for the payment of interest and penalties at January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021 . 
 In fiscal 2006, we began participating in the IRS s real time audit program, Compliance Assurance Process CAP ). Under the CAP program, material tax issues and initiatives are disclosed to the IRS throughout the year with the objective of reaching an agreement as to the proper reporting treatment when the federal return is filed. Previous years through fiscal 2020 have been accepted. Fiscal 2021 is in the post-filing review process. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 ) Net income and dividends declared allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 
 ) Denominator Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Dilutive effect of non-participating securities 
 Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding diluted Net income (loss) per common share: 
 Basic ) Diluted ) 
 In fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million and million of potential shares of common stock were excluded from the diluted per share calculation relating to non-participating securities, because the effect of including these potential shares was antidilutive. 

18. 
 Second quarter Third quarter Fourth quarter Fiscal year ended January 29, 2022: First quarter ) ) ) Second quarter Third quarter (2) 
 Fourth quarter 
 (1) The sum of the quarters may not equal the corresponding year-to-date amount due to rounding. 
 (2) Results for the third quarter of fiscal 2021 include litigation settlement charges of million, after-tax. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in providing reasonable assurance in timely alerting them to material information relating to us (including our consolidated subsidiaries) and that information required to be disclosed in our reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as required to be included in our periodic SEC filings. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023 as required by Rule 13a-15(c) under the Exchange Act. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 28, 2023. 
 No system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that the system of controls has operated effectively in all cases. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, which follows. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Chico s FAS, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Chico s FAS, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Chico s FAS, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Chico s FAS, Inc. and subsidiaries as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated March 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Tampa, Florida 
 March 14, 2023 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information about our executive officers, directors and nominees for director, procedures by which security holders may recommend director nominees, the Code of Ethics, the Audit Committee, Audit Committee membership and our Audit Committee financial expert in our 2023 Annual Meeting proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information about executive and director compensation and the Human Resources, Compensation and Benefits Committee Report in our 2023 Annual Meeting proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Except as provided below, the information required by this item is included in our 2023 Annual Meeting proxy statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table shows information concerning our equity compensation plans as of January 28, 2023: 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (a) (b) 2 (c) 3 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1 
 5,083,988 5,695,160 Total 5,083,988 5,695,160 
 
 1. Consists of the 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan 2020 Omnibus Plan and the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 2. There were no outstanding stock options as of January 28, 2023. The weighted average exercise price does not take into account the shares issuable upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock, restricted stock units or performance stock units, which have no exercise price. 
 3. Consists of (i) 3.8 million shares that were available for future issuance under the 2020 Omnibus Plan as of January 28, 2023 and (ii) 1.9 million shares that were available for future issuance under the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of January 28, 2023, including shares subject to purchase during the current offering period. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is included in our 2023 Annual Meeting proxy statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is included in our 2023 Annual Meeting proxy statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Report. 
 
 (1) The following consolidated financial statements are contained in Item 8: 
 (2) 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Page in this Report Report of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm (Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ID: 
 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 45 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 48 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 49 

(2) The following Financial Statement Schedules are included herein: 
 Schedules are not submitted because they are not applicable, not required or because the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) The following exhibits are filed as part of this report: 
 3.1 Amended and Restated By-laws of Chico s FAS, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on November 22, 2016) 
 3.1.1 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Chico s FAS, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on June 24, 2019) 
 3.2 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Chico s FAS, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on November 27, 2019) 
 3.2.1 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Chico s FAS, Inc. Designating Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, dated as of April 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on April 3, 2020) 
 4.1 Description of the Company's Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 9, 2021) 
 10.1 Indemnification Agreement with David F. Walker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on November 29, 2005) 
 10.2 Indemnification Agreement with John J. Mahoney (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on July 25, 2008) 
 10.3 Chico s FAS, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan effective April 1, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Company s Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on April 24, 2002) 
 10.4 Chico s FAS, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (as Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 19, 2019) 
 10.5 Lease Agreement between Joint Development Authority of Winder-Barrow County and Chico s Real Estate, LLC dated as of March 25, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Company s Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on April 24, 2002) 
 10.6 Indemnification Agreement with Janice L. Fields (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on May 7, 2013) 
 10.7 Indemnification Agreement with Bonnie R. Brooks (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company's Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 7, 2017) 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 10.8 Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy, effective April 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on May 25, 2017) 
 10.9 Chico's FAS, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Company's Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on June 27, 2017) 
 10.10 Form of Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (for awards on or after June 22, 2017) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on August 31, 2017) 
 10.11 Indemnification Agreement with Deborah L. Kerr, dated November 15, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on November 22, 2017) 
 10.12 Form of Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Performance Award Agreement for Performance Share Units for Employees (for awards on or after March 1, 2018) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on February 16, 2018) 
 10.13 Form of Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (for awards on or after March 1, 2018) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company's Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 13, 2018) 
 10.14 Credit Agreement among the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and the Lenders parties thereto dated as of August 2, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on August 3, 2018) 
 10.15 Indemnification agreement with Kim Roy, dated February 18, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company's Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 19, 2019) 
 10.16 Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Chico s FAS, Inc. and Bonnie R. Brooks under the Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, dated August 20, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K/A, as filed with the Commission on August 20, 2019) 
 10.17 Employment letter agreement between the Company and Molly Langenstein, dated as of July 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on August 28, 2019) 
 10.18 Restrictive covenant agreement between the Company and Molly Langenstein, dated as of August 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on August 28, 2019) 
 10.19 Restrictive covenant agreement between the Company and Bonnie R. Brooks, dated as of August 20, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on August 28, 2019) 
 10.20 Chico s FAS, Inc. Officer Severance Plan and Summary Plan Description effective January 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on November 22, 2019) 
 10.21 First Amendment to Chico s FAS, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated on January 1, 2019) effective January 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Company's Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 16, 2020) 
 10.22 First Amendment to Chico s FAS, Inc. Officer Severance Plan and Summary Plan Description (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2020), effective March 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on June 11, 2020) 
 10.23 Second Amendment to Chico s FAS, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated on January 1, 2019), effective April 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on June 11, 2020) 
 10.24 Employment letter agreement between the Company and Molly Langenstein, dated as of April 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on April 30, 2020) 
 10.25 Chico's FAS, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, effective June 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on June 29, 2020) 
 10.26 Chico's FAS, Inc. Cash Bonus Incentive Plan, as amended and restated June 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on June 29, 2020) 
 10.27 Performance Award Agreement for Performance Share Units between Chico s FAS, Inc. and Molly Langenstein under the 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, dated July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on August 27, 2020) 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 10.28 Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Chico s FAS, Inc. and Molly Langenstein under the 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, dated July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on August 27, 2020) 
 10.29 Form of 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (for awards on or after June 24, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on August 27, 2020) 
 10.30 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2020, by and among Chico's FAS, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on November 2, 2020) 
 10.31 Form of 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Executive Chair (for awards on or after March 3, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Company's Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 9, 2021) 
 10.32 Form of 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Performance Award Agreement for Performance Share Units for Employees (for awards on or after March 3, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company's Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 9, 2021) 
 10.33 Form of 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (for awards on or after March 3, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Company's Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 9, 2021) 
 10.34 Employment letter agreement between the Company and Joseph R. Topper, Jr., dated as of March 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on June 9, 2021) 
 10.35 Restrictive covenant agreement between the Company and Joseph R. Topper, Jr., dated as of March 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on June 9, 2021) 
 10.36 Indemnification Agreement with Kevin Mansell, dated as of April 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on June 9, 2021) 
 10.37 Form of 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (for awards on or after June 24, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on September 1, 2021) 
 10.38 Second Amendment to Chico s FAS, Inc. Officer Severance Plan and Summary Plan Description effective September 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on September 20, 2021) 
 10.39 Employment letter agreement between the Company and Patrick Guido, dated as of September 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on September 17, 2021) 
 10.40 Restrictive covenant agreement between the Company and Patrick Guido, dated as of September 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on September 17, 2021) 
 10.41 Indemnification agreement between the Company and Patrick Guido, dated as of September 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on December 1, 2021) 
 10.42 Employment letter agreement between the Company and Wendy Hufford, dated as of August 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on December 1, 2021) 
 10.43 Restrictive covenant agreement between the Company and Wendy Hufford, dated as of September 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on December 1, 2021) 
 10.44 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2022, by and among Chico s FAS, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on February 4, 2022) 
 10.45 Chico s FAS, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form S-8, as filed with the Commission on June 29, 2021) 
 10.46 Indemnification Agreement with Molly Langenstein, dated as of June 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Company s Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 15, 2022) 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 10.47 Employment letter agreement between the Company and David M. Oliver, dated as of February 24, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Company s Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 15, 2022) 
 10.48 Employment letter agreement between the Company and Kristin Gwinner, dated as of November 5, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Company s Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 15, 2022) 
 10.49 Third Amendment to Chico s FAS, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated on January 1, 2019), effective December 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Company s Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 15, 2022) 
 10.50 Indemnification Agreement with Eli Kumekpor, dated as of March 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on June 8, 2022) 
 10.51 Form of 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (for awards on or after March 1, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on June 8, 2022) 
 10.52 Form of 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Executive Chair (for awards on or after March 1, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on June 8, 2022) 
 10.53 Form of 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Performance Award Agreement for Performance Share Units for Employees (for awards on or after March 1, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q, as filed with the Commission on June 8, 2022) 
 10.54 Form of 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees (for awards on or after March 1, 2023) 
 10.55 Form of 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Performance Award Agreement for Performance Share Units for Employees (for awards on or after March 1, 2023) 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Company s Form 10-K, as filed with the Commission on March 9, 2021) 
 23 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 31.1 Chico s FAS, Inc. and Subsidiaries Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002- Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Chico s FAS, Inc. and Subsidiaries Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002- Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 28, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss), (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 28, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (included within Exhibit 101). 
 Denotes management contract 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Not applicable. 

81 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CHICO S FAS, INC. 
 By: /s/ Molly Langenstein Molly Langenstein Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 Date: March 14, 2023 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Molly Langenstein Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 14, 2023 Molly Langenstein /s/ Patrick J. Guido Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 14, 2023 Patrick J. Guido /s/ David M. Oliver Senior Vice President, Finance Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 14, 2023 David M. Oliver /s/ Kevin Mansell Chair of the Board, Director March 14, 2023 Kevin Mansell /s/ Bonnie R. Brooks Director March 14, 2023 Bonnie R. Brooks /s/ Janice L. Fields Director March 14, 2023 Janice L. Fields /s/ Deborah L. Kerr Director March 14, 2023 Deborah L. Kerr /s/ Eli Kumekpor Director March 14, 2023 Eli Kumekpor /s/ John J. Mahoney Director March 14, 2023 John J. Mahoney /s/ Kim Roy Director March 14, 2023 Kim Roy /s/ David F. Walker Director March 14, 2023 David F. Walker 
 
 83 

<EX-10.54>
 2
 exhibit1054chs-2023annualr.htm
 EX-10.54

Document 
 Exhibit 10.54 

 CHICO S FAS, INC. 2020 OMNIBUS STOCK AND INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT 
 EMPLOYEE 
 This Restricted Stock Agreement (this Restricted Stock Agreement is effective as of the Grant Award Date indicated on the Appendix hereto (the Grant Date ), and is entered into between Chico s FAS, Inc. , a Florida corporation (the Company ), and the Participant named in the Appendix hereto (the Employee ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings as in the Company s 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), the terms of which are hereby incorporated by reference and made a part of this Restricted Stock Agreement. All references to specified paragraphs pertain to paragraphs of this Restricted Stock Agreement unless otherwise specifically provided. The Human Resources, Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Committee or its delegee approved this Restricted Stock grant pursuant to the Plan, provided that the Employee continues to be employed as an employee of the Company on the Grant Date. 
 In consideration of the mutual promises set forth below, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock . The Company hereby grants to the Employee all right, title and interest in the record and beneficial ownership of the number of shares of common stock, .01 par value per share, of the Company Common Stock indicated on the Appendix hereto subject to the provisions of this Restricted Stock Agreement (the Restricted Stock ). The Restricted Stock is granted pursuant to the Plan and is subject to the provisions of the Plan, as well as the provisions of this Restricted Stock Agreement. The Employee agrees to be bound by all of the terms, provisions, conditions and limitations of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement. To the extent the terms of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement are in conflict, the terms of the Plan shall govern. 
 2. No Transfer of Nonvested Shares . During the period that any shares of Restricted Stock are nonvested under this Restricted Stock Agreement, such nonvested shares shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of, other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution, by qualified domestic relations order or as expressly provided in Paragraph 3 or pursuant to a beneficiary designation made under the Plan. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to any debts, contracts, liabilities, or torts of the Employee. 
 3. Custody of Restricted Stock . The shares of Restricted Stock will be issued in the name of the Employee and delivered electronically to the Plan Administrator as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent ), and will not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of or encumbered unless and until the expiration of the applicable Restriction Period set forth in Paragraph 5 or the occurrence of any of the events contemplated by Paragraphs 6 or 7. Notwithstanding the foregoing, while such restrictions remain in effect, the Employee may transfer the shares of Restricted Stock to a trust created by such Employee for the benefit of the Employee and the Employee s family as part of the Employee s estate planning program, provided that prior to any such transfer, (a) the Employee must submit to the Company a legal opinion of the Employee s counsel, satisfactory to the Committee, or its delegee, that the transfer to such trust and the holdings of the shares of Restricted Stock by such trust shall have no adverse tax or securities law consequences for the Company and (b) the trust must execute and deliver to the Company a joinder to this Restricted Stock Agreement, satisfactory to the Committee, or its delegee, which shall, among other things, acknowledge the terms of the grant of the Restricted Stock and the restrictions on transfer of the shares of Restricted Stock imposed and established pursuant to the terms of this Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan, and the trust must continue the deposit of the shares of Restricted Stock with the Escrow Agent and deposit with the Escrow Agent a stock power endorsed in blank by the trustee on behalf of the trust. The Company may instruct the transfer agent for its Common Stock to reflect in its records the restrictions on 
 
 2023 RSA (EE) 

transfer set forth in this Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan. No shares of Restricted Stock will be delivered by the Escrow Agent to the Employee as provided in Paragraph 9 unless and until the shares of Restricted Stock have vested and all other terms and conditions in this Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan have been satisfied. 
 4. Risk of Forfeiture . Subject to Paragraphs 6 and 7, upon termination of employment (as defined in Paragraph 8) prior to the last day of a Restriction Period, the Employee has not earned and shall forfeit the Restricted Stock that would otherwise have vested at the end of said Restriction Period. The Employee hereby appoints the Escrow Agent with full power of substitution, as the Employee s true and lawful attorney-in-fact with irrevocable power and authority in the name and on behalf of the Employee, to take any action and execute all documents and instruments, including, without limitation, stock powers which may be necessary to electronically transfer such nonvested shares of Restricted Stock to the Company upon such forfeiture. 
 5. Vesting Dates . Subject to the forfeiture and accelerated vesting provisions in Paragraphs 4, 6 and 7, the restrictions applicable to the Restricted Stock will lapse in accordance with the following Restriction Periods, as shown in the Vesting Schedule indicated on the Appendix hereto (i) the restrictions as to one-third of the Restricted Stock will lapse on the first anniversary of the Grant Date (ii) the restrictions as to an additional one-third of the Restricted Stock will lapse on the second anniversary of the Grant Date and (iii) the restrictions as to the remaining one-third of the Restricted Stock will lapse on the third anniversary of the Grant Date. The restrictions applicable to the Restricted Stock will lapse only in whole share increments, with any fractional shares being combined and included with the third tranche if the combined fractional shares equal one (1) share but included one (1) share each with the second tranche and third tranche if the combined fractional shares equal two (2) shares. Each date that a lapse of the restrictions occurs is referred to hereinafter as a Vesting Date . 
 6. Termination of Employment . The Employee s voluntary or involuntary termination of employment (as determined under Paragraph 8) shall affect the Employee s rights under this Restricted Stock Agreement as follows 
 a. Voluntary Termination or Termination for Cause . If, other than as specified below, the Employee voluntarily terminates employment with the Company or the Employee s employment is terminated for Cause by the Company prior to the last day of a Restriction Period, then the Employee has not earned, and shall forfeit, all nonvested Restricted Stock. For purposes of this Restricted Stock Agreement, Cause shall mean 
 (i) If the Employee has an Employment Agreement (as defined in Paragraph 27(b)) in effect on the Grant Date that defines Cause, Cause as defined in the Employment Agreement or 
 (ii) If the Employee does not have an Employment Agreement in effect on the Grant Date or such Employment Agreement does not define Cause, the Employee s engaging in any of the following conduct 
 i. Conduct resulting in a conviction of, or entering a plea of no contest to, any felony 
 ii. Conduct resulting in a conviction of, or entering a plea of no contest to, any crime related to employment, but specifically excluding traffic offenses 
 iii. Continued neglect, gross negligence, or willful misconduct by the Employee in the performance of the Employee s duties, which has a material adverse effect on the Company or its subsidiaries 
 iv. Willful failure to take actions permitted by law and necessary to implement the policies of the Company or its subsidiaries as such policies have been communicated to the Employee 
 2 

v. Material breach of the terms of this Restricted Stock Agreement, including but not limited to Paragraphs 13 through 18 herein or 
 vi. Drug or alcohol abuse to the extent that such abuse has an obvious and material adverse effect on the Company or its subsidiaries or upon the Employee s ability to perform his or her duties and responsibilities. 
 b. Involuntary Termination without Cause . Unless Paragraph 7(b) applies, if the Employee s employment is terminated without Cause by the Company prior to the last day of a Restriction Period, then the Employee has not earned, and shall forfeit, all nonvested Restricted Stock under this Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 7. Death or Change in Control . The Employee s death or a Change in Control, shall affect the Employee s rights under this Restricted Stock Agreement as follows 
 a. Death . If the Employee s employment by the Company is terminated by death prior to the last day of a Restriction Period, then all nonvested Restricted Stock shall fully vest and all restrictions (other than those described in Paragraph 12) applicable to such Restricted Stock shall terminate. 
 b. Change in Control . If a Change in Control shall occur prior to the last day of a Restriction Period, then all nonvested Restricted Stock shall fully vest, all restrictions (other than those described in Paragraph 12) applicable to such Restricted Stock shall terminate and the Company shall release from escrow or trust and shall deliver to the Employee all shares of the Restricted Stock, as provided in Paragraph 9, but only if either (i) the successor company does not assume, convert, continue, or otherwise replace the Restricted Stock on proportionate and equitable terms or (ii) if the successor company does assume, convert, continue, or otherwise replace the Restricted Stock on proportionate and equitable terms and the Employee s employment is terminated without Cause by the Company on or within twenty-four (24) months after the Change in Control but before the Vesting Date. If subparagraph (i) above is applicable, full vesting of any nonvested Restricted Stock shall occur on the date of the Change in Control. If subparagraph (ii) above is applicable, full vesting of any nonvested Restricted Stock shall occur on the date of such termination without Cause. 
 8. Definition of Employment and Termination Date . For purposes of this Restricted Stock Agreement, employment means employment by the Company or any subsidiary (as subsidiary is defined under the Plan). Termination Date means the date upon which the Employee is separated from employment, whether voluntary or involuntary. Neither the transfer of the Employee from employment by the Company to employment by a subsidiary, nor the transfer of the Employee from employment by a subsidiary to employment by the Company, nor the transfer of the Employee from employment by one subsidiary to employment by another subsidiary shall be deemed to be a termination of employment of the Employee. Furthermore, in no event shall employment be deemed terminated under this Restricted Stock Agreement unless and until the Employee s employment by the Company, to the extent applicable, and each of its subsidiaries, to the extent applicable, is terminated such that the Employee is no longer employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Moreover, the employment of the Employee shall not be deemed to have been terminated because of absence from active employment on account of temporary illness or during authorized vacation or during temporary leaves of absence from active employment granted by the Company or a subsidiary for reasons of professional advancement, education, health, or government service, or during military leave for any period if the Employee returns to active employment within ninety (90) days after the termination of military leave, or during any period required to be treated as a leave of absence by virtue of any valid law or agreement. The Committee s (or its delegee s) determination in good faith regarding whether a termination of employment or service of any type has occurred shall be conclusive and determinative. 
 3 

9. Issuance and Delivery of Shares Ownership Rights . 
 a. Issuance and Delivery of Shares . Once vested, the shares of vested Restricted Stock will be delivered to the Employee via electronic delivery to the Employee s account with the Company s stock plan administrator and will be freely transferable by the Employee. The Committee may change the procedure for issuance and delivery of shares of vested Restricted Stock at any time. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Restricted Stock Agreement, the issuance and delivery of the shares of Common Stock under this Paragraph 9 shall be subject to the requirements of Paragraph 12, including restrictions on transfer as provided therein to the extent applicable. 
 b. Ownership Rights and Stock Dividends . During the Restriction Period, the Employee may exercise full voting rights with respect to the Restricted Stock. Subject to Paragraph 12, during the Restriction Period, all dividends and other distributions with respect to the Restricted Stock that are paid in Common Stock or other securities of the Company shall be (i) issued in the name of the Employee and delivered electronically to the Escrow Agent, (ii) subject to the same restrictions on transferability, forfeiture, vesting, and withholding provisions as the Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid and (iii) delivered via electronic delivery to the Employee s account with the Company s stock plan administrator and become freely transferable by the Employee when and only to the extent the underlying shares of Restricted Stock have vested. 
 c. Cash Dividends . During the Restriction Period, if the Employee is employed on the record date for any cash dividends declared on the Common Stock, such cash dividends payable with respect to the Restricted Stock (the Cash Dividends shall be accumulated and held by the Company until payable or forfeited pursuant hereto. No interest shall accrue on the Cash Dividends or otherwise be paid for the holding period. The Cash Dividends shall be subject to the same restrictions on transferability, forfeiture, vesting, and withholding provisions as the Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid. Payment of the Cash Dividends shall be made on the applicable Vesting Date in Paragraph 5 (determined using the same rounding provisions as provided in Paragraph 5), subject to accelerated vesting or forfeiture and accelerated earlier payment (to the extent vested) that occurs before a Vesting Date in the event vesting of the Restricted Stock is accelerated under Paragraph 7. Accelerated payment of Cash Dividends upon accelerated vesting as provided above shall occur within sixty (60) days after the accelerated vesting event (but not later than the timing required under Paragraph 23.a). 
 d. Limits on Obligations . No interest shall accrue or otherwise be due in the event the Company delays the payment of the Cash Dividends beyond the holding period for administrative reasons. Any delay shall be in accordance with the requirements of Paragraph 23. However, the Company shall not be liable to the Employee or any successor in interest for damages relating to any delays in issuing or delivering the shares via electronic delivery or in payment of Cash Dividends to the Employee or any successor in interest, or any mistakes or errors in the issuance or delivery of the shares or in payment or delivery of shares or cash amounts payable under this Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 10. Reorganization of Company and Subsidiaries . The existence of this Restricted Stock Agreement shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company or its shareholders to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations or other changes in the Company s capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of the Company or any issue of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the Restricted Stock or the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 4 

11. Adjustment of Shares . In the event of stock dividends, spin-offs of assets or other extraordinary dividends, stock splits, reverse stock splits, combinations of shares, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations, liquidations, issuances of rights or warrants and similar transactions or events involving the Company (each a Recapitalization Event ), then for all purposes references herein to Common Stock or to Restricted Stock shall mean and include all securities or other property (other than cash) that holders of Common Stock of the Company are entitled to receive in respect of Common Stock by reason of each successive Recapitalization Event, which securities or other property (other than cash) shall be treated in the same manner and shall be subject to the same restrictions as the underlying Restricted Stock. 
 12. Certain Restrictions . By accepting the Restricted Stock, the Employee agrees that if at the time of delivery of the shares of Restricted Stock issued hereunder any sale of such shares is not covered by an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act ), the Employee will acquire the Restricted Stock for the Employee s own account and without a view to resale or distribution in violation of the Act or any other securities law, and upon any such acquisition the Employee will enter into such written representations, warranties and agreements as the Company may reasonably request in order to comply with the Act or any other securities law or with this Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 13. Confidential Information . 
 a. Nondisclosure and Non-use . By accepting the Restricted Stock, the Employee covenants and agrees that both during the Employee s employment with the Company and thereafter, the Employee (i) shall exercise the utmost diligence to protect and safeguard the Confidential Information of the Company and its Affiliates (ii) shall not disclose to any third party any Confidential Information, except as may be required by the Company in the course of the Employee s employment or by law and (iii) shall not use, directly or indirectly, for the Employee s own benefit or for the benefit of another, any Confidential Information. The Employee acknowledges that Confidential Information has been and will be developed and acquired by the Company and its Affiliates by means of substantial expense and effort, that the Confidential Information is a valuable proprietary asset of the Company s and its Affiliates business, and that its disclosure would cause substantial and irreparable injury to the Company s and its Affiliates business. For purposes of this Restricted Stock Agreement, Affiliate shall mean any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control of, the Company. 
 b. Definition of Confidential Information . For purposes of this Restricted Stock Agreement, Confidential Information means all information of a confidential or proprietary nature, whether or not specifically labeled or identified as confidential, in any form or medium, that is or was disclosed to, or developed or learned by, the Employee in connection with the Employee s past, present or future employment with the Company and that relates to the business, products, services, research or development of any of the Company or its Affiliates or their suppliers, distributors or customers. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, the following (i) internal business information (including, but not limited to, information relating to strategic plans and practices, business, training, marketing, promotional and sales plans and practices, cost, rate and pricing structures, accounting and business methods) (ii) identities of, individual requirements of, specific contractual arrangements with, and information about, any of the Company s, or any of its Affiliates , suppliers, distributors and customers and their confidential information (iii) trade secrets, know-how, compilations of data and analyses, techniques, systems, formulae, research, records, reports, manuals, documentation, models, data and data bases relating thereto (iv) inventions, innovations, improvements, developments, methods, designs, analyses, drawings, reports and all similar or related information (whether or not patentable) and (v) other information or thing that has economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known 
 5 

to or not being readily ascertainable by proper means by other persons. Nothing in this Restricted Stock Agreement prohibits the Employee from reporting an event that the Employee reasonably and in good faith believes is a violation of law to the relevant law-enforcement agency (such as the Securities and Exchange Commission, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or Department of Labor), or from cooperating in an investigation conducted by such government agency. The Employee is hereby provided notice that under the 2016 Defend Trade Secrets Act (DTSA) (1) no individual will be held criminally or civilly liable under federal or state trade secret law for disclosure of a trade secret (as defined under the DTSA) that (A) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or, (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public and, (2) an individual who pursues a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of the law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except as permitted by court order. 
 c. Not Confidential Information . Confidential Information shall not include information that the Employee can demonstrate (i) is publicly known through no wrongful act or breach of obligation of confidentiality (ii) was rightfully received by the Employee from a third party without a breach of any obligation of confidentiality by such third party or (iii) was known to the Employee on a non-confidential basis prior to the Employee s employment with the Company. 
 d. Presumption of Confidentiality . In any judicial proceeding, it will be presumed that the Confidential Information constitutes protectable trade secrets and the Employee will bear the burden of proving that any Confidential Information is publicly or rightfully known by the Employee. 
 e. Return of Confidential Information and Materials . The Employee agrees to return to the Company either before or immediately upon the termination of the Employee s employment with the Company any and all information, materials or equipment which constitutes, contains, or in any way relates to the Confidential Information and any other document, equipment or materials of any kind relating in any way to the business of the Company in the possession, custody or control of the Employee which was obtained by the Employee during the course of or as a result of the Employee s employment with the Company whether confidential or not, including, but without limitation, any copies thereof which may have been made by or for the Employee. The Employee shall also provide the Company, if requested to do so, the name of the new employer of the Employee and the Company shall have the right to advise any subsequent employer of the Employee s obligations hereunder. 
 14. Non-Competition . By accepting the Restricted Stock, the Employee covenants and agrees that during the term of the Employee s employment with the Company and for a twelve (12) month period six (6) month period for Vice Presidents and below twenty-four (24) month period in the case of the Chief Executive Officer immediately after the Termination Date (the Restricted Period ), the Employee will not, directly or indirectly, perform any job, task, function, skill, or responsibility for a Competing Business that the Employee has provided for the Company (and or its Affiliates) within the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the Termination Date within the Restricted Territory. For purposes of this Restricted Stock Agreement, a Competing Business shall mean any direct competitor of the Company which, in general, means a specialty retailer of (i) better women s intimate apparel and sleepwear products or (ii) better women s apparel whose target customers are 35 years of age or older and have an annual household income of 75,000 or more. Competing Business includes, but is not limited to J. Jill, Inc., 
 6 

Soft Surroundings Holdings, LLC, The Talbots, Inc., The GAP, Inc., Victoria s Secret & Co., and Ascena Retail Group, Inc. For purposes of this Restricted Stock Agreement, the Restricted Territory means where the Company s products are marketed as of the Termination Date. 
 This covenant on the part of the Employee shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision of this Restricted Stock Agreement and the existence of any claim or cause of action of the Employee against the Company, whether predicated on this Restricted Stock Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of this covenant. The Employee expressly agrees that the restrictions of this Paragraph 14 will not prevent the Employee from otherwise obtaining gainful employment upon termination of the Employee s employment with the Company as of the Termination Date and acknowledges that these restrictions are reasonable consideration for the grant of the Restricted Stock hereunder. 
 15. Non-Solicitation of Customers, Suppliers, and Business Associates . By accepting the Restricted Stock, the Employee agrees that for a period of two (2) years after the Termination Date, the Employee shall not directly or indirectly induce, solicit or encourage any customer, supplier or other business associate of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate or alter its relationship with the Company or Affiliate, or introduce, offer or sell to or for any customer or business associate, any products or services that compete with a Company product, service, marketing item, or other item which presently exists, or which was under development or active consideration during the Employee s employment with the Company. 
 16. Non-Solicitation of Employees . By accepting the Restricted Stock, the Employee agrees that for a period of two (2) years after the Termination Date, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, induce, solicit or encourage any employee of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate or alter his or her relationship with the Company or its Affiliates. 
 17. Non-Disparagement . By accepting the Restricted Stock, the Employee covenants and agrees that both during the Employee s employment with the Company and thereafter, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, disparage the Company, or its successors, corporate affiliates, assigns, officers, directors, shareholders, attorneys, employees, agents, trustees, representatives, or insurers. Such prohibited disparagement shall include communicating or disclosing any information or communications to anyone or any entity which is intended to or has the effect of having any negative impact on the Company, its business or reputation in the marketplace or otherwise. 
 18. Reasonable Cooperation . By accepting the Restricted Stock, the Employee acknowledges and agrees that, during the course of the Employee s employment with the Company, the Employee will be involved in, and may have information or knowledge of, business matters that may become the subject of legal action, including threatened litigation, investigations, administrative proceedings, hearings or disputes. As such, upon reasonable notice, both during the Employee s employment with the Company and thereafter, the Employee agrees to cooperate fully with any investigation into, defense or prosecution of, or other involvement in, claims to which the Employee has personal and relevant knowledge that are or may be made by or against the Company. This agreement to cooperate includes talking to or meeting with such persons at times and in such places as the Company and the Employee reasonably agree to, as well as giving truthful evidence and truthful testimony. The Company shall reimburse the Employee for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred in connection with such assistance. The Employee also promises to notify the Company within five (5) days if the Employee is subpoenaed or contacted by a third party seeking information about Company activities. 
 19. Noncompliance Reporting . By accepting the Restricted Stock, the Employee agrees that if, at any time, the Employee learns of information suggesting conduct by an officer or employee of the Company (including of the Company s subsidiaries) or a member of the Company s Board of Directors that is unlawful, unethical, or constitutes a material violation of any Company policy, regardless of the source of 
 7 

such information, the Employee will report promptly such information to the Company through any of the Company s internal mechanisms available for the reporting of such conduct such as, for instance, the Company s Ethics and Compliance Hotline. Nothing in this Restricted Stock Agreement is intended to or will be used in any way to limit the Employee s rights to communicate with a government agency, as provided for, protected under or warranted by applicable law. 
 20. Amendment and Termination . No amendment or termination of this Restricted Stock Agreement which would materially impair the rights of the Employee shall be made by the Board of Directors, the Committee, its delegee or the Plan Administrator at any time without the written consent of the Employee. No amendment or termination of the Plan will materially adversely affect the right, title and interest of the Employee under this Restricted Stock Agreement or to the Restricted Stock granted hereunder without the written consent of the Employee. 
 21. No Guarantee of Employment . This Restricted Stock Agreement shall not confer upon the Employee any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with the Company or any subsidiary, nor shall it interfere in any way with any right the Company or any subsidiary would otherwise have to terminate such Employee s employment or other service at any time. 
 22. Withholding of Taxes . The Company shall have the right to (i) make deductions from the number of shares of Restricted Stock otherwise deliverable upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent under this Restricted Stock Agreement, and deductions from cash amounts payable under this Restricted Stock Agreement, in an amount sufficient to satisfy any withholding of any U.S. or Canadian federal, state, or local taxes required by law, or (ii) take such other action as may be necessary or appropriate to satisfy any such tax withholding obligations, provided, in any event, the Company shall withhold only the minimum amount necessary to satisfy applicable statutory withholding requirements, unless the Employee has elected to have an additional amount (up to the maximum allowed by law). 
 23. Other Tax Provisions . 
 a. Exemption from Code Section 409A . The benefits under this Restricted Stock Agreement are intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A either as restricted stock or under the short-term deferral exemption set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4) and all provisions of this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner to maintain such exemptions. To that end, subject to any delays allowed under Code Section 409A applicable to short-term deferrals, Cash Dividends shall be paid in all events within two and one-half (2 months after the end of the later of the tax year (of the Employee, which is usually the calendar year) or the fiscal year (of the Company or subsidiary to which the Employee provides services) during which the Cash Dividends are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event this Restricted Stock Agreement or any benefit paid hereunder is deemed to be subject to Code Section 409A, the Employee consents to the Company s adoption of such conforming amendments as the Company deems advisable or necessary, in its sole discretion (but without an obligation to do so), to comply with Code Section 409A and avoid the imposition of taxes under Code Section 409A. Each payment made pursuant to any provision of this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be considered a separate payment and not one of a series of payments for purposes of Code Section 409A. If upon a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A, the Employee is then a specified employee (as defined in Code Section 409A), then solely to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A and avoid the imposition of taxes under Code Section 409A, the Company shall defer payment of nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A payable as a result of and within six (6) months following such separation from service under this Agreement until the earlier of (i) the first business day of the seventh month following the 
 8 

Employee s separation from service, or (ii) ten (10) days after the Company receives written confirmation of your death. To the extent required under Code Section 409A, termination or cessation of employment shall be read to mean a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Restricted Stock Agreement, the Employee and his or her successor in interest shall be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed on the Employee or his or her successor in interest in connection with this Restricted Stock Agreement (including any taxes and penalties under Code Section 409A) and neither the Company nor any of its affiliates shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold the Employee or his or her successor in interest harmless from any or all of such taxes or penalties. 
 b. No Guarantee of Tax Consequences . Neither the Company nor any affiliate nor any successor nor the Plan Administrator nor the Committee nor any delegee makes any commitment or guarantee that any federal or state or other tax treatment will apply or be available to any person eligible for benefits under this Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 24. Entire Agreement . This Restricted Stock Agreement constitutes and contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements. 
 25. Severability . In the event that any provision of this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be held illegal, invalid, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be fully severable, but shall not affect the remaining provisions of this Restricted Stock Agreement and this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had never been included herein. 
 26. Governing Law . This Restricted Stock Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida to the extent federal law does not supersede and preempt Florida law. 
 27. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 a. Not a Part of Salary . The grant of this Restricted Stock is not intended to be a part of the salary of the Employee. 
 b. Conflicts with Any Employment Agreement . Notwithstanding Paragraph 24 above, if the Employee has an employment or change in control agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries (an Employment Agreement which contains different or additional provisions relating to vesting of restricted stock awards, or otherwise conflicts with the terms of this Restricted Stock Agreement, the provisions of the Employment Agreement shall govern. 
 c. Independent Covenants . The Employee acknowledges that the promises set forth herein by either party are independent of each other and are independent of any other provision in any other agreement between the Employee and the Company and the existence of any claim or cause of action the Employee may have against the Company shall not constitute a defense to enforcement of the Employee s promises herein. To the extent the topic of any restrictive covenant in Paragraphs 14 through 17 is addressed in an enforceable restrictive covenant agreement between the Employee and the Company, whether effective before or after this Restricted Stock Agreement (the Restrictive Covenant Agreement ), the parties agree that the terms of such restrictive covenant contained in the Restrictive Covenant Agreement shall apply instead of the corresponding covenant in this Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 d. Electronic Delivery and Signatures . The Employee hereby consents and agrees to electronic delivery of share(s) of Common Stock, Plan documents, proxy materials, annual reports and other related documents. The Company has established procedures for an electronic signature system 
 9 

for delivery and acceptance of Plan documents (including documents relating to any programs adopted under the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement). The Employee hereby consents to such procedures and agrees that his or her electronic signature is the same as, and shall have the same force and effect as, his or her manual signature. The Employee consents and agrees that any such procedures and delivery may be effected by a third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative services related to the Plan, including any program adopted under the Plan. 
 e. Plan and Prospectus . A copy of the Plan, as well as a prospectus for the Plan, has been provided to the Employee, and the Employee acknowledges receipt thereof. 
 f. Committee Action . To the extent any provision of this Restricted Stock Agreement provides authority to the Committee or its delegee to act related to a non-ministerial matter, only the Committee may act to the extent such provision applies to an Insider. Insider means an individual who is, on the relevant date, subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 28. Clawback Provision . As a condition of receiving the Restricted Stock, the Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Employee s rights, payments and benefits with respect to the Restricted Stock or other cash or property received with respect to the Restricted Stock shall be subject to such recovery or clawback as may be required pursuant to any applicable federal or other law or regulation, any applicable listing standard of any national securities exchange or system on which the Common Stock is then listed or reported or the terms of the Company s Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy or similar policy as may be adopted from time to time by the Board of Directors or the Committee, which could in certain circumstances require repayment or forfeiture of the Restricted Stock or any shares of Common Stock or other cash or property received with respect to the Restricted Stock. To the extent allowed by law and as determined by the Committee, the Employee agrees that such repayment may, in the discretion of the Committee, be accomplished by withholding of future compensation to be paid to the Employee by the Company. 
 The Employee may reject this Restricted Stock Agreement on the internet hosting website designated by the Company for the Plan during the thirty (30) days following the Grant Date, in which case this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be cancelled and forfeited ab initio . If the Employee does not reject this Restricted Stock Agreement within those thirty (30) days, this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be deemed accepted by the Employee. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Restricted Stock Agreement has been executed and delivered by the Company. 
 
 CHICO S FAS, INC. 

By Kristin M. Gwinner 
 Title Executive Vice President Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 10 

</EX-10.54>

<EX-10.55>
 3
 exhibit1055chs-2023annualp.htm
 EX-10.55

Document 
 Exhibit 10.55 

CHICO S FAS, INC. 2020 OMNIBUS STOCK AND INCENTIVE PLAN PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT FOR PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS 
 EMPLOYEE 
 
 This Performance Award Agreement (this Performance Award Agreement is effective as of the Grant Award Date indicated on the Appendix hereto (the Grant Date ), and is entered into between Chico s FAS, Inc. , a Florida corporation (the Company ), and the Participant named in the Appendix hereto (the Employee ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings as in the Company s 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), the terms of which are hereby incorporated by reference and made a part of this Performance Award Agreement. All references to specified paragraphs pertain to paragraphs of this Performance Award Agreement unless otherwise specifically provided. The Human Resources, Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Committee approved this Performance Award grant, in the form of performance share units PSUs ), pursuant to the Plan, provided that the Employee continues to be employed as an employee of the Company on the Grant Date. 
 In consideration of the mutual promises set forth below, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Grant of PSUs . The Company hereby grants to the Employee the right to receive the target number of PSUs indicated on the Appendix hereto (the Target on the Vesting Date set forth in Paragraph 5, with the earn-out opportunity to receive PSUs equal to - of the Target, subject to the achievement of the Performance Goals set forth in Paragraph 2. After the achievement and certification of the Performance Goals as provided in Paragraph 2.b, each PSU earned based on performance shall entitle the Employee to receive one share of Common Stock of the Company, payable on the Payment Date (as defined below), provided the applicable employment requirements of Paragraphs 5, 6 and 7 are met. The PSUs are granted pursuant to the Plan and are subject to the provisions of the Plan, as well as the provisions of this Performance Award Agreement. The Employee agrees to be bound by all of the terms, provisions, conditions and limitations of the Plan and this Performance Award Agreement. To the extent the terms of the Plan and this Performance Award Agreement are in conflict, the terms of the Plan shall govern. 
 2. Earning the Award and Performance Goals . The Employee s right to receive the PSUs is subject to the following conditions (and the PSUs shall not be considered earned until all of the below conditions are met) 
 a. The Employee continues to be employed through the Vesting Date set forth in Paragraph 5, subject to the provisions in Paragraphs 6 and 7, and 
 b. The performance goals established by the Committee (the Performance Goals are achieved as provided in this Paragraph 2.b. Such Performance Goals have been established by the Committee and are based upon the Company s RONA (as defined below) performance for the three fiscal years during the Performance Period. Threshold, target and maximum levels apply to the determination of each fiscal year s achievement, and a maximum level applies to the determination of the Overall Performance payout, in each case as described on Exhibit 1 hereto. The Performance Period begins date and ends on date . If the actual Overall Performance is above the established maximum, no PSUs shall be payable above such maximum. The Committee shall determine and certify the level of Overall Performance after the end of the Performance Period. Except as provided otherwise in Paragraph 7.a (in the event of death) or Paragraph 7.b (in the event of a Change in Control), any PSUs that are not, based on the 
 
 Page 1 
 2023 PSU 

Committee s determination, earned by performance during the Performance Period shall be forfeited. 
 c. RONA for each fiscal year in the Performance Period shall be computed as the Company s (a) net income divided by (b) the five-point average (based on balances at the beginning of the first quarter plus the final balances for each quarter of the fiscal year) of net working capital less cash and marketable securities plus fixed assets (with all of the foregoing terms as determined per the Company s financial statements for the applicable period) but shall exclude 
 i. the impact of (a) restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items, debt redemption or retirement, asset write downs, the impact of material litigation or claim judgments or settlements or insurance settlements, acquisitions or divestitures, foreign exchange gains and losses, and other unusual or non-recurring items, (b) an event or series of events either not directly related to the operations of the Company or not within the reasonable control of the Company s management, and (c) the cumulative effects of tax or accounting changes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 3. No Transfer of PSUs . During the Restriction Period (as defined in Paragraph 5), the Employee shall have no rights to or with respect to such PSUs except as specifically set forth in this Performance Award Agreement, and, during the Restriction Period, such nonvested PSUs shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of, other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or by qualified domestic relations order or pursuant to a beneficiary designation made under the Plan. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to any debts, contracts, liabilities, or torts of the Employee. 
 4. Risk of Forfeiture . Subject to Paragraphs 6 and 7 (a) upon termination of the Employee s employment (as determined under Paragraph 8) prior to the Vesting Date or (b) after the Termination Date (as defined in Paragraph 8) but prior to the Payment Date, upon the Committee s (or its delegee s) determination that the Employee has violated any of the covenants in Paragraphs 13 through 17 herein, in each case regardless of whether the Performance Requirements under Paragraph 2.b are achieved, the Employee shall not earn and shall forfeit the right to receive all PSUs. 
 5. Vesting Date and Payment Date . Subject to the forfeiture provisions in Paragraphs 4 and 6 and the accelerated vesting provisions in Paragraph 7, if the employment requirements are met and to the extent the Performance Goals set forth in Paragraph 2 are achieved, the restrictions applicable to the PSUs will lapse on the third anniversary of the Grant Date (the Vesting Date ), as shown in the Vesting Date indicated on Exhibit 1 hereto. The period from the Grant Date to the Vesting Date is sometimes referred to as the Restriction Period. To the extent not previously forfeited, and subject to the provisions in Paragraph 7.b, the vested and earned PSUs shall be paid on the date set forth in Paragraph 9.a (the Payment Date in the form of unrestricted shares of Common Stock as provided in Paragraph 9, subject to the provisions in Paragraph 12. To the extent the Payment Date is a designated period (such as a designated month or months), the Company will determine in its sole discretion the exact payment date(s) within the designated period of time. 
 6. Termination of Employment . The Employee s voluntary or involuntary termination of employment (as determined under Paragraph 8) shall affect the Employee s rights under this Performance Award Agreement as follows 
 a. Voluntary Termination or Termination for Cause . If, other than as specified below, the Employee voluntarily terminates employment with the Company or the Employee s employment is involuntarily terminated for Cause by the Company prior to the Vesting Date, then the Employee 
 
 Page 2 
 2023 PSU 

has not earned the PSUs and shall forfeit the right to receive all PSUs. For purposes of this Performance Award Agreement, Cause shall mean 
 i. If the Employee has an Employment Agreement (as defined in Paragraph 27.b) in effect on the Grant Date that defines Cause, Cause as defined in the Employment Agreement or 
 ii. If the Employee does not have an Employment Agreement in effect on the Grant Date or such Employment Agreement does not define Cause, the Employee s engaging in any of the following conduct 
 (A) Conduct resulting in a conviction of, or entering a plea of no contest to, any felony 
 (B) Conduct resulting in a conviction of, or entering a plea of no contest to, any crime related to employment, but specifically excluding traffic offenses 
 (C) Continued neglect, gross negligence, or willful misconduct by the Employee in the performance of the Employee s duties, which has a material adverse effect on the Company or its subsidiaries 
 (D) Willful failure to take actions permitted by law and necessary to implement the policies of the Company or its subsidiaries as such policies have been communicated to the Employee 
 (E) Material breach of the terms of this Performance Award Agreement, including but not limited to Paragraphs 13 through 18 herein or 
 (F) Drug or alcohol abuse to the extent that such abuse has an obvious and material adverse effect on the Company or its subsidiaries or upon the Employee s ability to perform his or her duties and responsibilities. 
 b. Involuntary Termination without Cause . Unless Paragraph 7.b applies, if the Employee s employment is involuntarily terminated without Cause by the Company prior to the Vesting Date, then the Employee has not earned the PSUs and shall forfeit the right to receive all PSUs. 
 7. Death or Change in Control . The Employee s death or a Change in Control, shall affect the Employee s rights under this Performance Award Agreement as follows 
 a. Death . Unless Paragraph 7.b applies, if the Employee s employment with the Company is terminated by death prior to the Vesting Date, to the extent not previously vested or forfeited, then the PSUs shall become fully time-based vested and performance shall be determined as provided below in this Paragraph 7.a. and, to the extent earned based on performance, the vested PSUs shall be paid within sixty (60) days after the Employee s date of death. For each completed fiscal year during the Performance Period that ends prior to the Employee s date of death, performance shall be based on actual performance as determined as described on Exhibit 1 . For each fiscal year during the Performance Period that does not end prior to the Employee s date of death, performance shall be deemed equal to the target performance goal as described on Exhibit 1 . The earned PSUs will be determined as described on Exhibit 1 but using the performance described in this Paragraph 7.a. 
 b. Change in Control . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Performance Award Agreement, the provisions of this Paragraph 7.b shall apply after a Change of Control. 
 i. If a Change in Control shall occur prior to the Payment Date (for a Payment Date that is a designated period, then prior to the first day of such designated period) and the successor company does not assume, convert, continue, or otherwise replace the PSUs on proportionate and equitable terms, to the extent not previously vested or forfeited, then the PSUs shall become fully time-based vested, shall be subject to the performance 
 
 Page 3 
 2023 PSU 

requirements set forth in subparagraph (iii) below, and shall be paid no later than thirty (30) days after the date of the Change in Control. 
 ii. If a Change in Control shall occur prior to the Payment Date (for a Payment Date that is a designated period, then prior to the first day of such designated period) and the successor company does assume, convert, continue or otherwise replace the PSUs on proportionate and equitable terms, then the PSUs shall be vested and paid as provided in the following sentence and shall be subject to the performance requirements set forth in subparagraph (iii) below. To the extent not previously vested or forfeited, the PSUs shall vest on the Vesting Date provided the Employee is employed on the Vesting Date. If the employment of the Employee is involuntarily terminated without Cause by the Company or a subsidiary within twenty-four (24) months after the Change in Control, then the PSUs earned based on performance in accordance with subparagraph (iii) below shall be deemed earned and vested upon such termination of employment and shall be paid within sixty (60) days after the Employee s involuntary termination without Cause. If the employment of the Employee is terminated due to the Employee s death, then the PSUs earned based on performance in accordance with subparagraph (iii) below shall be deemed earned and vested upon such death and shall be paid within sixty (60) days after the Employee s death. If the Employee s employment is terminated for any other reason by the Company or a subsidiary or by the Employee, no PSUs shall be earned and all PSUs shall be immediately forfeited. 
 iii. For PSUs subject to subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, performance shall be determined by the Committee as follows For each completed fiscal year during the Performance Period that ends at least one month prior to the Change in Control, performance shall be based on actual performance as determined as described on Exhibit 1 . For each fiscal year during the Performance Period that does not end at least one month prior to the Change in Control, performance shall be deemed equal to the target performance goal as described on Exhibit 1 . The PSUs earned based on performance will be determined as described on Exhibit 1 but using the performance described in this subparagraph (iii). For PSUs subject to subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, the forfeiture provisions in Paragraph 4.b shall not apply after the Termination Date. 
 iv. If a Change in Control shall occur on or after a Payment Date (for a Payment Date that is a designated period, then on or after the first day of such designated period), then the PSUs shall vest and be paid in accordance with Paragraph 5. 
 v. For purposes of this Paragraph 7.b, a Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 8. Definition of Employment and Termination Date . For purposes of this Performance Award Agreement, employment means employment by the Company and or its subsidiary (as subsidiary is defined under the Plan). Termination Date means the date upon which the Employee is separated from employment, whether voluntary or involuntary. Neither the transfer of the Employee from employment by the Company to employment by a subsidiary, nor the transfer of the Employee from employment by a subsidiary to employment by the Company, nor the transfer of the Employee from employment by a subsidiary to employment by another subsidiary shall be deemed to be a termination of employment of the Employee. Furthermore, except as required in Paragraph 23.a, in no event shall employment be deemed terminated under this Performance Award Agreement unless and until the Employee s employment by the Company, to the extent applicable, and each of its subsidiaries, to the extent applicable, is terminated such that the Employee is no longer employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Moreover, the employment of the Employee shall not be deemed to have been terminated because of absence from active employment on account of temporary illness or during authorized vacation or during temporary leaves of absence from 
 
 Page 4 
 2023 PSU 

active employment granted by the Company or a subsidiary for reasons of professional advancement, education, health, or government service, or during military leave for any period if the Employee returns to active employment within ninety (90) days after the termination of military leave, or during any period required to be treated as a leave of absence by virtue of any valid law or agreement. The Committee s (or its delegee s) determination in good faith regarding whether a termination of employment or service of any type has occurred shall be conclusive and determinative. 
 9. Issuance and Delivery of Shares Ownership Rights . 
 a. Issuance and Delivery of Shares . With respect to PSUs that become vested as provided in Paragraph 5, the shares of Common Stock will be issued and delivered to the Employee via electronic delivery to the Employee s account with the Company s stock plan administrator on the Payment Date set forth on Exhibit 1 hereto and will be freely transferable by the Employee (subject to compliance with applicable securities law). With respect to PSUs that become vested as provided in Paragraph 7.a or Paragraph 7.b, the shares of Common Stock will be issued and delivered to the Employee via electronic delivery to the Employee s account with the Company s stock plan administrator as provided in Paragraph 7.a or Paragraph 7.b and will be freely transferable by the Employee (subject to compliance with applicable securities law). The Committee may change the above procedure for issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock at any time but may not delay the Payment Date or the date of payment under Paragraph 7.a or Paragraph 7.b beyond the latest payment date set forth in Paragraph 23. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Performance Award Agreement, the issuance and delivery of the shares of Common Stock under this Paragraph 9 shall be subject to the requirements of Paragraph 12, including restrictions on transfer as provided therein to the extent applicable. 
 b. Ownership Rights and Dividend Equivalents . The Employee has no voting or ownership rights with regard to the shares of Common Stock underlying the PSUs prior to the issuance of such shares. The Employee shall be credited with dividend equivalents for all dividends paid in cash that holders of Common Stock of the Company are entitled to receive in respect of Common Stock and that have record dates subsequent to the Grant Date and prior to the Payment Date set forth in Paragraph 9.a (or any applicable earlier payment date provided under Paragraph 7.a or Paragraph 7.b). The Employee shall be entitled to receive such dividend equivalents in cash to the extent the underlying PSUs are vested and earned and such dividend equivalents shall be paid on the Payment Date set forth on Exhibit 1 hereto (which does not need to be the same date as for the PSUs under Paragraph 9.a), provided, however, that, in all events, if the payment date of the PSUs is accelerated under Paragraph 7.a or Paragraph 7.b, then the payment date of the dividend equivalents shall also be accelerated and paid at the same time as provided under Paragraph 7.a or Paragraph 7.b. To the extent any nonvested PSUs are not earned and are forfeited, the dividend equivalents attributable to such PSUs shall also not be earned and shall be forfeited. After the issuance and delivery of the shares of Common Stock, the Employee shall have all voting and ownership rights as provided to other shareholders. 
 c. Limits on Obligations . No interest shall accrue or otherwise be due in the event the Company delays the payment of the PSUs or dividend equivalents beyond the applicable Payment Date for administrative reasons. Any delay shall be in accordance with the requirements of Paragraph 23. However, the Company shall not be liable to the Employee or any successor in interest for damages relating to any delays in issuing and delivering the shares via electronic delivery or in payment of dividend equivalents to the Employee or any successor in interest, or any mistakes or errors in the issuance or delivery of the shares or in payment or delivery of shares or cash amounts payable under this Performance Award Agreement. 
 10. Reorganization of Company and Subsidiaries . The existence of this Performance Award Agreement shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company or its shareholders to make or authorize any 
 
 Page 5 
 2023 PSU 

or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations or other changes in the Company s capital structure or its business, or any merger or consolidation of the Company or any issue of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the PSUs or the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 11. Adjustment of Shares . In the event of stock dividends, spin-offs of assets or other extraordinary dividends, stock splits, reverse stock splits, combinations of shares, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations, liquidations, issuances of rights or warrants and similar transactions or events involving the Company (each a Recapitalization Event ), then for all purposes references herein to Common Stock or to PSUs shall mean and include all securities or other property (other than cash) that holders of Common Stock of the Company are entitled to receive in respect of Common Stock by reason of each successive Recapitalization Event, which securities or other property (other than cash) shall be treated in the same manner and shall be subject to the same restrictions as the PSUs. 
 12. Certain Restrictions . By accepting the Performance Award, the Employee agrees that if at the time of delivery of the shares of Common Stock issued hereunder any sale of such shares is not covered by an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act ), the Employee will acquire the Common Stock for the Employee s own account and without a view to resale or distribution in violation of the Act or any other securities law, and upon any such acquisition the Employee will enter into such written representations, warranties and agreements as the Company may reasonably request in order to comply with the Act or any other securities law or with this Performance Award Agreement. 
 13. Confidential Information . 
 a. Nondisclosure and Non-use . By accepting the Performance Award, the Employee covenants and agrees that both during the Employee s employment with the Company and thereafter, the Employee (i) shall exercise the utmost diligence to protect and safeguard the Confidential Information of the Company and its Affiliates (ii) shall not disclose to any third party any Confidential Information, except as may be required by the Company in the course of the Employee s employment or by law and (iii) shall not use, directly or indirectly, for the Employee s own benefit or for the benefit of another, any Confidential Information. The Employee acknowledges that Confidential Information has been and will be developed and acquired by the Company and its Affiliates by means of substantial expense and effort, that the Confidential Information is a valuable proprietary asset of the Company s and its Affiliates business, and that its disclosure would cause substantial and irreparable injury to the Company s and its Affiliates business. For purposes of this Performance Award Agreement, Affiliate shall mean any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control of, the Company. 
 b. Definition of Confidential Information . For purposes of this Performance Award Agreement, Confidential Information means all information of a confidential or proprietary nature, whether or not specifically labeled or identified as confidential, in any form or medium, that is or was disclosed to, or developed or learned by, the Employee in connection with the Employee s past, present or future employment with the Company and that relates to the business, products, services, research or development of any of the Company or its Affiliates or their suppliers, distributors or customers. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, the following (i) internal business information (including, but not limited to, information relating to strategic plans and practices, business, training, marketing, promotional and sales plans and practices, cost, rate and pricing structures, accounting and business methods) (ii) identities of, individual requirements of, specific contractual arrangements with, and information about, any of the Company s, or any of its Affiliates , suppliers, distributors and customers and their confidential information (iii) trade secrets, know-how, compilations of data and analyses, techniques, systems, formulae, research, records, reports, manuals, documentation, models, data and data bases relating 
 
 Page 6 
 2023 PSU 

thereto (iv) inventions, innovations, improvements, developments, methods, designs, analyses, drawings, reports and all similar or related information (whether or not patentable) and (v) other information or thing that has economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to or not being readily ascertainable by proper means by other persons. Nothing in this Performance Award Agreement prohibits the Employee from reporting an event that the Employee reasonably and in good faith believes is a violation of law to the relevant law-enforcement agency (such as the Securities and Exchange Commission, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or Department of Labor), or from cooperating in an investigation conducted by such government agency. The Employee is hereby provided notice that under the 2016 Defend Trade Secrets Act (DTSA) (1) no individual will be held criminally or civilly liable under federal or state trade secret law for disclosure of a trade secret (as defined under the DTSA) that (A) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or, (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public and, (2) an individual who pursues a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of the law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except as permitted by court order. 
 c. Not Confidential Information . Confidential Information shall not include information that the Employee can demonstrate (i) is publicly known through no wrongful act or breach of obligation of confidentiality (ii) was rightfully received by the Employee from a third party without a breach of any obligation of confidentiality by such third party or (iii) was known to the Employee on a non-confidential basis prior to the Employee s employment with the Company. 
 d. Presumption of Confidentiality . In any judicial proceeding, it will be presumed that the Confidential Information constitutes protectable trade secrets and the Employee will bear the burden of proving that any Confidential Information is publicly or rightfully known by the Employee. 
 e. Return of Confidential Information and Materials . The Employee agrees to return to the Company either before or immediately upon the termination of the Employee s employment with the Company any and all information, materials or equipment which constitutes, contains, or in any way relates to the Confidential Information and any other document, equipment or materials of any kind relating in any way to the business of the Company in the possession, custody or control of the Employee which was obtained by the Employee during the course of or as a result of the Employee s employment with the Company whether confidential or not, including, but without limitation, any copies thereof which may have been made by or for the Employee. The Employee shall also provide the Company, if requested to do so, the name of the new employer of the Employee and the Company shall have the right to advise any subsequent employer of the Employee s obligations hereunder. 
 14. Non-Competition . By accepting the Performance Award, the Employee covenants and agrees that during the term of the Employee s employment with the Company and for a twelve (12) month period six (6) month period for Vice Presidents and below twenty-four (24) month period in the case of the Chief Executive Officer immediately after the Termination Date (the Restricted Period ), the Employee will not, directly or indirectly, perform any job, task, function, skill, or responsibility for a Competing Business that the Employee has provided for the Company (and or its Affiliates) within the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the Termination Date within the Restricted Territory. For purposes of this Performance Award Agreement, a Competing Business shall mean any direct competitor of the Company which, in general, means a specialty retailer of (i) better women s intimate apparel and sleepwear products 
 
 Page 7 
 2023 PSU 

or (ii) better women s apparel whose target customers are 35 years of age or older and have an annual household income of 75,000 or more. Competing Business includes, but is not limited to J. Jill, Inc., Soft Surroundings Holdings, LLC, The Talbots, Inc., The GAP, Inc., Victoria s Secret & Co., and Ascena Retail Group, Inc. For purposes of this Performance Award Agreement, the Restricted Territory means where the Company s products are marketed as of the Termination Date. 
 
 This covenant on the part of the Employee shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision of this Performance Award Agreement and the existence of any claim or cause of action of the Employee against the Company, whether predicated on this Performance Award Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of this covenant. The Employee expressly agrees that the restrictions of this Paragraph 14 will not prevent the Employee from otherwise obtaining gainful employment upon termination of the Employee s employment with the Company as of the Termination Date and acknowledges that these restrictions are reasonable consideration for the grant of the Performance Award hereunder. 
 15. Non-Solicitation of Employees . By accepting the Performance Award, the Employee agrees that for a period of two (2) years after the Termination Date, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, induce, solicit or encourage any employee of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate or alter his or her relationship with the Company or its Affiliates. 
 16. Non-Solicitation of Customers, Suppliers, and Business Associates . By accepting the Performance Award, the Employee agrees that for a period of two (2) years after the Termination Date, the Employee shall not directly or indirectly induce, solicit or encourage any customer, supplier or other business associate of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate or alter its relationship with the Company or Affiliate, or introduce, offer or sell to or for any customer or business associate, any products or services that compete with a Company product, service, marketing item, or other item which presently exists, or which was under development or active consideration during the Employee s employment with the Company. 
 17. Non-Disparagement . By accepting the Performance Award, the Employee covenants and agrees that both during the Employee s employment with the Company and thereafter, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, disparage the Company, or its successors, corporate affiliates, assigns, officers, directors, shareholders, attorneys, employees, agents, trustees, representatives, or insurers. Such prohibited disparagement shall include communicating or disclosing any information or communications to anyone or any entity which is intended to or has the effect of having any negative impact on the Company, its business or reputation in the marketplace or otherwise. 
 18. Reasonable Cooperation . By accepting the Performance Award, the Employee acknowledges and agrees that, during the course of the Employee s employment with the Company, the Employee will be involved in, and may have information or knowledge of, business matters that may become the subject of legal action, including threatened litigation, investigations, administrative proceedings, hearings or disputes. As such, upon reasonable notice, both during the Employee s employment with the Company and thereafter, the Employee agrees to cooperate fully with any investigation into, defense or prosecution of, or other involvement in, claims to which the Employee has personal and relevant knowledge that are or may be made by or against the Company. This agreement to cooperate includes talking to or meeting with such persons at times and in such places as the Company and the Employee reasonably agree to, as well as giving truthful evidence and truthful testimony. The Company shall reimburse the Employee for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred in connection with such assistance. The Employee also promises to notify the Company within five (5) days if the Employee is subpoenaed or contacted by a third party seeking information about Company activities. 
 19. Noncompliance Reporting . By accepting the Performance Award, the Employee agrees that if, at any time, the Employee learns of information suggesting conduct by an officer or employee of the Company (including of the Company s subsidiaries) or a member of the Company s Board of Directors that is 
 
 Page 8 
 2023 PSU 

unlawful, unethical, or constitutes a material violation of any Company policy, regardless of the source of such information, the Employee will report promptly such information to the Company through any of the Company s internal mechanisms available for the reporting of such conduct such as, for instance, the Company s Ethics and Compliance Hotline. Nothing in this Performance Award Agreement is intended to or will be used in any way to limit the Employee s rights to communicate with a government agency, as provided for, protected under or warranted by applicable law. 
 20. Amendment and Termination . No amendment or termination of this Performance Award Agreement which would materially impair the rights of the Employee shall be made by the Board of Directors, the Committee, its delegee or the Plan Administrator at any time without the written consent of the Employee. No amendment or termination of the Plan will materially adversely affect the right, title and interest of the Employee under this Performance Award Agreement or to the Performance Award granted hereunder without the written consent of the Employee. 
 21. No Guarantee of Employment . This Performance Award Agreement shall not confer upon the Employee any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with the Company or any subsidiary, nor shall it interfere in any way with any right the Company or any subsidiary would otherwise have to terminate such Employee s employment or other service at any time. 
 22. Withholding of Taxes . The Company shall have the right to (i) make deductions from the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent under this Performance Award Agreement (and other amounts payable under this Performance Award Agreement) in an amount sufficient to satisfy withholding of any U.S. or Canadian federal, state or local taxes required by law, or (ii) take such other action as may be necessary or appropriate to satisfy any such tax withholding obligations, provided, in any event, the Company shall withhold only the minimum amount necessary to satisfy applicable statutory withholding requirements, unless the Employee has elected to have an additional amount withheld (up to the maximum allowed by law). 
 23. Other Tax Provisions . 
 a. Code Section 409A Exemption . This Performance Award Agreement is intended to comply with an exemption from the requirements of Code Section 409A by reason of the short-term deferral exemption set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4) and shall be interpreted accordingly, and any right or benefit under this Performance Award Agreement shall be provided and paid in a manner, and at such time and in such form, as to maintain an exemption from Code Section 409A. To that end, subject to any delays allowed under Code Section 409A applicable to short-term deferrals, any payment under this Performance Award Agreement shall be paid in all events within two and one-half (2 months after the end of the later of the tax year (of the Employee, which is usually the calendar year) or the fiscal year (of the Company or subsidiary to which the Employee provides services) during which the PSUs is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event this Performance Award Agreement or any benefit paid hereunder is deemed to be subject to Code Section 409A, the Employee consents to the Company's adoption of such conforming amendments as the Company deems advisable or necessary, in its sole discretion (but without an obligation to do so), to comply with Code Section 409A and avoid the imposition of taxes under Code Section 409A. Each payment made pursuant to any provision of this Performance Award Agreement shall be considered a separate payment and not one of a series of payments for purposes of Code Section 409A. If upon a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A, the Employee is then a specified employee (as defined in Code Section 409A), then solely to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A and avoid the imposition of taxes under Code Section 409A, the Company shall defer payment of nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A payable as a result of and within six (6) months following such separation from service under this Agreement until the earlier of (i) the first business day of the seventh 
 
 Page 9 
 2023 PSU 

month following the Employee s separation from service, or (ii) ten (10) days after the Company receives written confirmation of the Employee s death. To the extent required under Code Section 409A, termination or cessation of employment shall be read to mean a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Performance Award Agreement, the Employee and his or her successor in interest shall be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed on the Employee or his or her successor in interest in connection with this Performance Award Agreement (including any taxes and penalties under Code Section 409A) and neither the Company nor any of its affiliates shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold the Employee or his or her successor in interest harmless from any or all of such taxes or penalties. 
 b. No Guarantee of Tax Consequences . Neither the Company nor any affiliate nor any successor, nor the Plan Administrator, nor the Committee, nor any delegee makes any commitment or guarantee that any federal or state or other tax treatment will apply or be available to any person eligible for benefits under this Performance Award Agreement. 
 24. Entire Agreement . This Performance Award Agreement constitutes and contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements. 
 25. Severability . In the event that any provision of this Performance Award Agreement shall be held illegal, invalid, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be fully severable, but shall not affect the remaining provisions of this Performance Award Agreement and this Performance Award Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had never been included herein. 
 26. Governing Law . This Performance Award Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida to the extent federal law does not supersede and preempt Florida law. 
 27. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 a. Not a Part of Salary . The grant of this Performance Award is not intended to be a part of the salary of the Employee. 
 b. Conflicts with Any Employment Agreement . Notwithstanding Paragraph 24 above, if the Employee has an employment or change in control agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries (an Employment Agreement which contains different or additional provisions relating to vesting of restricted stock unit awards, or otherwise conflicts with the terms of this Performance Award Agreement, the provisions of the Employment Agreement shall govern except to the extent compliance with such provision would result in the loss of an exemption from Code Section 409A. 
 c. Independent Covenants . The Employee acknowledges that the promises set forth herein by either party are independent of each other and are independent of any other provision in any other agreement between the Employee and the Company and the existence of any claim or cause of action the Employee may have against the Company shall not constitute a defense to enforcement of the Employee s promises herein. To the extent the topic of any restrictive covenant in Paragraphs 14 through 17 is addressed in an enforceable restrictive covenant agreement between the Employee and the Company, whether effective before or after this Performance Award Agreement (the Restrictive Covenant Agreement ), the parties agree that the terms of such restrictive covenant contained in the Restrictive Covenant Agreement shall apply instead of the corresponding covenant in this Performance Award Agreement. 
 d. Electronic Delivery and Signatures . The Employee hereby consents and agrees to electronic delivery of share(s) of Common Stock, Plan documents, proxy materials, annual reports and other 
 
 Page 10 
 2023 PSU 

related documents. The Company has established procedures for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of Plan documents (including documents relating to any programs adopted under the Plan and this Performance Award Agreement). The Employee hereby consents to such procedures and agrees that his or her electronic signature is the same as, and shall have the same force and effect as, his or her manual signature. The Employee consents and agrees that any such procedures and delivery may be effected by a third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative services related to the Plan, including any program adopted under the Plan. 
 e. Plan and Prospectus . A copy of the Plan, as well as a prospectus for the Plan, has been provided to the Employee, and the Employee acknowledges receipt thereof. 
 f. Committee Action . To the extent any provision of this Performance Award Agreement provides authority to the Committee or its delegee to act related to a non-ministerial matter, only the Committee may act to the extent such provision applies to an Insider. Insider means an individual who is, on the relevant date, subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 28. Clawback Provision . As a condition of receiving the Performance Award, the Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Employee s rights, payments and benefits with respect to the PSUs and the shares of Common Stock underlying the PSUs shall be subject to such recovery or clawback as may be required pursuant to any applicable federal or other law or regulation, any applicable listing standard of any national securities exchange or system on which the Common Stock is then listed or reported or the terms of the Company s Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy or similar policy as may be adopted from time to time by the Board of Directors or the Committee, which could in certain circumstances require repayment or forfeiture of the PSUs or any shares of Common Stock or other cash or property received with respect to the PSUs. To the extent allowed by law and as determined by the Committee, the Employee agrees that such repayment may, in the discretion of the Committee, be accomplished by withholding of future compensation to be paid to the Employee by the Company. 
 
 The Employee may reject this Performance Award Agreement on the internet hosting website designated by the Company for the Plan during the thirty (30) days after the Grant Date, in which case this Performance Award Agreement shall be cancelled and forfeited ab initio . If the Employee does not reject this Performance Award Agreement within those thirty (30) days, this Performance Award Agreement shall be deemed accepted by the Employee. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Performance Award Agreement has been executed and delivered by the Company. 
 
 CHICO S FAS, INC. 
 
 By Kristin M. Gwinner 
 Title Executive Vice President - Chief Human Resources Officer 

Page 11 
 2023 PSU 

ibit 1 to Performance Award Agreement 
 Grant Date date 
 Vesting Date date 
 Payment Date date through date (Specific payment date(s) within this period to be determined by the Company.) 
 Performance Goals 
 
 Threshold, Target and Maximum Performance Goals 
 and of Target Achieved 
 Threshold Target Maximum FY XXXX RONA RONA RONA FY XXXX RONA bps below Target RONA for FY XXXX RONA bps increase over actual FY XXXX RONA RONA bps increase over Target RONA for FY XXXX FY XXXX 
 
 Threshold bps below Target RONA for FY XXXX RONA bps increase over actual FY XXXX RONA Maximum bps increase over Target RONA for FY XXXX of Target RONA Achieved 
 If performance for a fiscal year is between the Threshold and Target or between the Target and Maximum Performance Goals, the of Target RONA Achieved for that fiscal year will be determined by applying linear interpolation to the performance interval . 

Payout Percentage 
 
 Overall Performance will be determined by averaging the of Target RONA Achieved for the three fiscal years of the Performance Period (if the Threshold Performance Goal set forth above is not met for a fiscal year, then 0 is used in calculating the average). The Overall Performance calculation (from to is not subject to a threshold but is subject to a maximum of . 
 
 Payout Percentage will equal the Overall Performance times the target number of PSUs. 
 
 Any fractional PSU earned will be rounded up to the nearest whole PSU. 

Page 12 
 2023 PSU 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-23>
 4
 exhibit23-consentofernstyo.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (Form S-8 No. 333-83778) pertaining to the Chico s FAS, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, 
 (Form S-8 No. 333-182993) pertaining to the Chico s FAS, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, 
 (Form S-8 No. 333-220286) pertaining to the Chico s FAS, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, 
 (Form S-8 No. 333-239543) pertaining to the Chico s FAS, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan, and 
 (Form S-8 No. 333-257509) pertaining to Chico s FAS, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 of our reports dated March 14, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Chico s FAS, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Chico s FAS, Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Chico s FAS, Inc. for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Tampa, Florida 
 March 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit31110-k2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CHICO S FAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Molly Langenstein, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Chico s FAS, Inc. for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 14, 2023 
 s Molly Langenstein Name Molly Langenstein Title Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit31210-k2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CHICO S FAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Patrick J. Guido, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Chico s FAS, Inc. for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 14, 2023 s Patrick J. Guido Name Patrick J. Guido Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit32110-k2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 
 I, Molly Langenstein, Chief Executive Officer and President of Chico s FAS, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Molly Langenstein Molly Langenstein Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Date March 14, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit32210-k2022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant To 
 Section 906 Of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 
 I, Patrick J. Guido, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chico s FAS, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Patrick J. Guido Patrick J. Guido Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date March 14, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 chs-20230128.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 chs-20230128_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 chs-20230128_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 chs-20230128_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 chs-20230128_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

