<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1849380_0001410578-23-000553.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6582427</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>267525</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1039439</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2011024</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1333009</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1797520</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000553.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161228
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000553
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Data Knights Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849380
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				862076743
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40386
		FILM NUMBER:		23787766

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TRIDENT COURT, 1 OAKCROFT ROAD
		STREET 2:		CHESSINGTON
		CITY:			SURREY
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			KT9 1BD
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011-44-208-090-2009

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TRIDENT COURT, 1 OAKCROFT ROAD
		STREET 2:		CHESSINGTON
		CITY:			SURREY
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			KT9 1BD

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000553.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 dkdcu-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2021, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting securities held by non-affiliates was approximately million, based on the number of shares held by non-affiliates and the last reported sales price of the registrant s Class A Common Stock as of that date. As of March 31, 2023 there were shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share (the Class A Common Stock and of the Company s Class B Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share issued and outstanding (the Class B Common Stock ). 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I 1 Item 1 . Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 17 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 18 Item 2 . Properties 19 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 19 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 19 PART II Item 5 . Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 20 Item 6 . Reserved 20 Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 21 Item 7A . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 25 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 25 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 25 Item 9A. Controls and Procedure 25 Item 9B. Other Information 27 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 28 Item 11. Executive Compensation 32 Item 12 . Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 33 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 34 Item 14 . Principal Accounting Fees and Services 37 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 38 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 38 Signatures 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: our ability to complete our initial business combination; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; our pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or our financial performance; our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and any material weaknesses of the foregoing; or our continued liquidity and our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: amended and restated certificate of incorporation are to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 6, 2021; board of directors or board are to the board of directors of the Company; common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof; GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; initial business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; initial public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on May 11, 2021; initial stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees); Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; Marcum are to Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm. management or our management team are to our officers and directors Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); private placement shares are to the shares of our common stock included within the private placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; private placement units are to the units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement, each private placement unit consisting of one private placement share and one placement warrant; private placement warrants are to the warrants included within the private placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; 
 iii 

Table of Contents 
 public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and members of our management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares; provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; public units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one public warrant; public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market), to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor (or permitted transferees), and to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers of our private placement warrants or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees); Registration Statement are to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021, as amended; Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; sponsor are to Data Knights, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; trust account are to the trust account in the United States, with Continental acting as trustee into which an amount of 117,300,000 10.20 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units and private placement units in the initial public offering was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; units are to the public units and the private placement units; warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the placement warrants and any warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans to the extent they are no longer held by the initial holders or their permitted transferees; we, us, Company or our Company are to Data Knights Acquisition Corp. 
 
 iv 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. Overview Data Knights Acquisition Corp. is a newly organized blank check company incorporated on February 8, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. If the Business Combination (as defined below) is not consummated, we may pursue an initial business combination target in any business or industry, we intend to focus our search on industries that complement our management team s background and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business focusing on the data centers and internet technology sectors where our management team has extensive experience. As of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation, initial public offering, and identifying a target for our initial business combination. Initial Public Offering On May 11, 2021 we consummated our initial public offering of 11,500,000 units, including the underwriters over-allotment option of an additional 1,500,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 117,300,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 585,275 units to our sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 5,852,750. It is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Barry Anderson and our Chief Financial Officer, Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar, who are well positioned to take advantage of the growing set of acquisition opportunities focused on data centers and technology and that our contacts and relationships, ranging from owners and management teams of private and public companies, private equity funds, investment bankers, attorneys, to accountants and business brokers will allow us to generate an attractive transaction for our stockholders. Subject to nine one-month extensions (of which we have exercised three), we will have until August 11, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not consummated by August 11, 2023, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. Proposed Business Combination On April 25, 2022, the Company, Data Knights Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub ), and the Sponsor entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with OneMedNet Corporation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Target , and together with the Company and Merger Sub, the Parties and Paul Casey, as seller representative Casey ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the closing (the Closing of the contemplated transactions (collectively, the Business Combination ), the Parties will effect the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Target, with the Target continuing as the surviving entity (the Merger ), as a result of which all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Target shall be exchanged shares of the Class A Common Stock of the Company upon the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement. In accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, the Target s shareholders collectively shall be entitled to receive from the Company, in the aggregate, a number of Company s securities with an aggregate value equal to (a) 200,000,000 minus (b) the amount, if any, by which the Target s net working capital amount exceeds the net working capital amount (but not less than zero), minus (c) the amount of Closing Net Indebtedness (as defined in the Merger Agreement) minus (d) the amount of any transaction expenses, provided that the merger consideration otherwise payable to the Target s shareholders is subject to adjustment after the Closing in accordance with the Merger Agreement. The obligations of the Parties to consummate the Business Combination are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions of the respective Parties, including, without limitation: (a) the representations and warranties of the respective Parties being true and correct subject to the materiality standards contained in the Merger Agreement; (b) material compliance by the Parties of their respective pre-closing covenants and agreements, subject to the standards contained in the Merger Agreement; (c) 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 the approval by the Company s stockholders of the Business Combination; (d) the approval by the Target s stockholders of the Business Combination; (e) the absence of any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) with respect to the Company or with respect to the Target since the effective date of the Merger Agreement that is continuing and uncured; (f) the election of the members of the post-Closing Board consistent with the provisions of the Merger Agreement, a majority of which are to be independent in accordance with the Nasdaq rules; (g) the Company having at least 5,000,001 in tangible net assets upon the Closing; (h) the entry into certain ancillary agreements as of the Closing; (i) the lack of any notice or communication from, or position of, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC requiring the Company to amend or supplement the Registration Statement on Form S-4 containing a prospectus and proxy statement (as amended or supplemented, the Form S-4 filed in connection with the Business Combination; and (j) the receipt of certain closing deliverables. In connection with entry into the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into Voting Agreements with certain stockholders of the Target representing approximately 55 of the outstanding voting power of the Target s equity securities (the Target Stockholders pursuant to which the Target Stockholders have agreed to vote their securities in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination, be bound by certain covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination and to take other customary actions to cause the Business Combination to occur. The Company, the Sponsor, and the Target also entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Company securities in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination and to take other customary actions to cause the Business Combination to occur. Acquisition Criteria We seek potential target businesses globally. In doing so, we use a global network of professional contacts that has been developed by our management team over many years. This network encompasses private equity firms, venture capitalists and entrepreneurs. Our sourcing methodology includes pre-screening steps that we believe lead to fruitful negotiating phases and ultimately, will lead to a final agreement. Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. Target Size : Consistent with our investment thesis as described above, we plan to target businesses with total enterprise values ranging from 200 million to 1 billion in the tech/tech enabled sector Businesses with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. Businesses with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate strong, stable and increasing free cash flow. We intend to focus on one or more businesses that have predictable revenue streams and definable low working capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance stockholder value. Strong Management . We will seek companies with strong management teams already in place. We will spend significant time assessing a company s leadership and human fabric, and maximizing its efficiency over time. Benefit from Being a Public Company . We intend to acquire one or more businesses that will benefit from being publicly-traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. Appropriate Valuations and Upside Potential . We intend to apply rigorous, criteria-based, disciplined, and valuation-centric metrics. We intend to acquire a target on terms that we believe provide significant upside potential while seeking to limit risk to our investors. 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that from time to time our management may deem relevant. We may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination. We intend to acquire a company with an enterprise value significantly above the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units. Depending on the size of the transaction or the number of public shares we become obligated to redeem, we may potentially utilize several additional financing sources, including but not limited to the issuance of additional securities to the sellers of a target business, debt issued by banks or other lenders or the owners of the target, a private placement to raise additional funds, or a combination of the foregoing. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient to meet our obligations or our working capital needs, we may need to obtain additional financing. Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. In a Special Meeting of the Stockholders on November 11, 2022, the stockholders of the Company approved the First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, giving the Company the right to extend the date by which the Company must (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (a business combination ), (ii) cease its operations if it fails to complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 of the Company s Class A common stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering that was closed on May 11, 2021 (the IPO from November 11, 2022 (the Termination Date up to nine (9) one-month extensions to August 11, 2023 (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). In connection with approval of the First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, Data Knights, LLC, the Company s sponsor, caused 0.045 per outstanding share of the Company s Class A Common Stock, giving effect to the redemptions disclosed above, or approximately 122,920, to be deposited in the Trust Account in connection with the exercise of the first monthly extension of the Extended Date to December 11, 2022. The second and third monthly extensions have since been exercised. The structure of the Business Combination is described above under Proposed Business Combination. As in the Business Combination, we anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. If the Business Combination is not consummated, we may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. Our Business Combination Process If the Business Combination is not consummated, in evaluating prospective business combinations, we will conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. We also seek to utilize the expertise of our management team in analyzing healthcare and technology companies and evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event the Business Combination is not consummated and we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain an opinion in any other context. Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our Management Team Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they devote as much of their time as they, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time our officers devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. In the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships in the data center and technology industries. This network has grown through the activities of our management team having served as directors or officers for numerous publicly-listed and privately-owned companies and experience with acquisitions, divestitures and corporate strategy and implementation. Status as a Public Company In the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A Common Stock (or shares of a new holding 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A Common Stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following May 11, 2026 the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th . Financial Position With funds available for an initial business combination in the amount of 29,029,416 as of December 31, 2022, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination The structure of the Business Combination is described above under Proposed Business Combination. As described above, we intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A Common Stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we are targeting businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Sources of Target Businesses In the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we anticipate that target business candidates are brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses are also brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the prospectus of our initial public offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, in the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we expect to receive a number of deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their affiliates. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, in the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 contemplated initial business combination except as set forth herein. We pay Arc Capital, Ltd, an affiliate of our sponsor, a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event the Business Combination is not consummated and we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination, as was the case with the Business Combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, as is the case with the Business Combination. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. There is no basis for our investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In the event the Business Combination is not consummated, in evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 In the event the Business Combination is not consummated, the time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we are focusing our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination The Business Combination requires the approval of our stockholders under the Merger Agreement and Nasdaq rules. However, in the event the Business Combination is not consummated, in connection with any alternative proposed business combination, we may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Whether Stockholder Approval is Type of Transaction Required Purchase of assets No Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company No Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company No Merger of the company with a target Yes In the event the Business Combination is not consummated, under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue shares of Class A Common Stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock then outstanding; any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 Permitted Purchases of our Securities In connection with the Business Combination, or if the Business Combination is not consummated, and we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the Business Combination or an alternative business combination, in the event Business Combination is not consummated, and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A Common Stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase public shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Common Stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.20 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions In connection with the Business Combination, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A Common Stock upon the completion of the Business Combination in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination. In the event the Business Combination is not consummated, in connection with an alternative proposed initial business combination, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A Common Stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 If stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 The Business Combination requires the approval of our stockholders under the Merger Agreement and Nasdaq rules. We will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the Business Combination. If the Business Combination is not consummated, and we seek stockholder approval of an alternative initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. The Business Combination requires the approval of our stockholders under the Merger Agreement and Nasdaq rules and we will complete the Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If the Business Combination is not consummated and we seek stockholder approval in connection with a proposed alternative initial business combination, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Business Combination is not consummated and if in connection with an alternative initial business combination a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 If the Business Combination is not consummated and upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A Common Stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A Common Stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A Common Stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with the stockholder approval of the Business Combination, or if the Business Combination is not consummated and we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If the Business Combination or an alternative initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If the Business Combination is not consummated, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target by August 11, 2023, assuming we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination until such date. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have until August 11, 2023, assuming we exercise nine one-month extensions as described in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by August 11, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by December 11, 2022 (or up to August 11, 2023, subject to nine one-month extensions). Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by August 11, 2023. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by August 11, 2023. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 600,000 held outside the trust account at the initial public offering, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.20. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering, have not executed agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per public share. We seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor is also not liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to the amounts held outside the trust account to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by August 11, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by August 11, 2023 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by August 11, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following August 11, 2023 and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 11, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by August 11, 2023, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. Competition In the event the Business Combination is not consummated, in identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Employees We have two officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time our officers devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our units, Class A Common Stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 growth company, we will be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. In connection with our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we concluded that we had a material weakness please see Risk Factors for more information on that conclusion. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following May 11, 2026, the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A Common Stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by nonaffiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; it is uncertain that the Company will have sufficient liquidity to fund the working capital needs of the Company beyond August 11, 2023 raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern; our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between our Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of shareholders requesting redemption; we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; and our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management. 
 For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement. In addition to the risk factors described in our Registration Statement, our securities are subject to the additional risks described below. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. A recent ruling of the Delaware Court of Chancery may create uncertainty regarding the validity of some of our authorized and issued shares of Common Stock. A recent ruling by the Court of Chancery in Delaware introduced uncertainty as to whether Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL required a separate vote in favor of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, in addition to a vote in favor of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A and Class B Common Stock, voting together as a single class, to properly authorize shares of Class A Common Stock. In connection with the Business Combination, our stockholders may authorize an increase in the number of shares of Class A Common Stock. Accordingly, the Delaware ruling may apply to us. Any failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Claims alleging that a portion of our Class A Common Stock are not authorized could lead to shares of our Class A Common Stock being voidable and have a material adverse effect on the Company and its prospects. In addition, uncertainty with respect to the Company s capitalization resulting from the Court of Chancery s ruling referenced above could have a material adverse impact on the Company, including on the Company s ability to complete equity financing transactions or issue stock-based compensation to its employees, directors and officers until the underlying issues are definitively resolved. This uncertainty could impair the Company s ability to execute its business plan, attract and retain employees, management and directors and adversely affect its commercial relationships. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties. Our executive offices are located at Unit G6, Frome Business Park, Manor Road, Frome, United Kingdom BA11 4FN, and our telephone number is 011-44 203 833 4000. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Procee di ngs. To the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) Market Information Our units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols DKDCU DKDCA AND DKDCW respectively. Our units commenced public trading on May 7, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on June 22, 2021. (b) Holders On March 31, 2023, there were 2 holders of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our shares of Class A Common Stock and 1 holder of record of our warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. None. (e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. (f) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. (g) Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering In May 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 11,500,000 units, including 1,500,000 units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one public share and one public warrant, with each public warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one public share for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 115,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 585,275 units to our sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 5,852,750. A total of 117,300,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Item 6. Reserved. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the Company, us, our or we refer to Data Knights Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes included herein. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on February 8, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. While our efforts to identify a target business may span many industries and regions worldwide, we focus our search for prospects within the data center and technology industries. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our initial Business Combination will be successful. Proposed Business Combination On April 25, 2022, we and the Sponsor entered into the Merger Agreement with the Target and Casey. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the Closing of the Business Combination, the Parties will effect the Merger, as a result of which all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Target shall be exchanged shares of the Class A Common Stock of the Company upon the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement. In accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, the Target s shareholders collectively shall be entitled to receive from the Company, in the aggregate, a number of Company s securities with an aggregate value equal to (a) 200,000,000 minus (b) the amount, if any, by which the Target s net working capital amount exceeds the net working capital amount (but not less than zero), minus (c) the amount of Closing Net Indebtedness (as defined in the Merger Agreement) minus (d) the amount of any transaction expenses, provided that the merger consideration otherwise payable to the Target s shareholders is subject to adjustment after the Closing in accordance with the Merger Agreement. The obligations of the Parties to consummate the Business Combination are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions of the respective Parties, including, without limitation: (a) the representations and warranties of the respective Parties being true and correct subject to the materiality standards contained in the Merger Agreement; (b) material compliance by the Parties of their respective pre-closing covenants and agreements, subject to the standards contained in the Merger Agreement; (c) the approval by the Company s stockholders of the Business Combination; (d) the approval by the Target s stockholders of the Business Combination; (e) the absence of any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) with respect to the Company or with respect to the Target since the effective date of the Merger Agreement that is continuing and uncured; (f) the election of the members of the post-Closing Board consistent with the provisions of the Merger Agreement, a majority of which are to be independent in accordance with the Nasdaq rules; (g) the Company having at least 5,000,001 in tangible net assets upon the Closing; (h) the entry into certain ancillary agreements as of the Closing; (i) 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 the lack of any notice or communication from, or position of, the SEC requiring the Company to amend or supplement the Form S-4; and (j) the receipt of certain closing deliverables. In connection with entry into the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into Voting Agreements with the Target Stockholders pursuant to which the Target Stockholders have agreed to vote their securities in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination, be bound by certain covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination and to take other customary actions to cause the Business Combination to occur. The Company, the Sponsor, and the Target also entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Company securities in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination and to take other customary actions to cause the Business Combination to occur. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our Initial Public Offering, described below, and, after our Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for an initial Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Accounts. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 336,658, which consists of realized and unrealized gain and dividends of 1,371,689, change in fair value of warrant liability of 4,489,110, offset with operating expense of 5,103,731 and franchise tax expense of 205,560 and income tax provision of 214,850. For the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 5,135,790, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 1,876, realized and unrealized gain of 19,097, change in fair value of warrant liability of 6,325,281, offset with non-operating expense of 625,059, other operation costs of 421,397 and franchise tax expense of 164,008. Going Concern, Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash of 30,870 and 453,151 outside of the Trust Account, respectively. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete our initial business combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 940,463. For the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 378,487. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had investments of 29,029,416 and 117,320,973 held in the Trust Accounts, respectively. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Accounts, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Accounts (less taxes paid and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we withdrew 299,601 of interest earned on the Trust Account to pay Delaware Franchise tax. During the period ended December 31, 2021, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Accounts will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplates the continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management plans to address this uncertainty during the period leading up to the business combination; however, this cannot be guaranteed. The Company will have until August 11, 2023, subject to nine one-month extensions, to consummate a business combination. If our initial 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 business combination is not consummated by August 11, 2023, less than one year after the date the financial statements are issued, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. The Company intends to complete a business combination before the liquidation date, and no adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the company be required to liquidate after such date. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate an initial business combination by August 11, 2023 and/or have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs. Based upon the above analysis, management determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee up to 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services. We began incurring these fees on May 7, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have incurred 120,000 in fees under this agreement. From inception to December 31, 2021, we have incurred 80,000 in fees under this agreement. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 4,025,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Accounts solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Related Party Transactions Working Capital Loan In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with our initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units identical to the Placement Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. As of December 31, 2022, we had 207,081 in Working Capital Loans outstanding. Extension Loan On November 11, 2022, we held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting to seek stockholder approval of certain proposals to extend the date by which we must consummate a business combination (the Termination Date from November 11, 2022 to August 11, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board of Directors) by amending our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Extension Amendment Proposal to allow for the Termination Date to be extended by up to nine months subject to nine one-month extensions (each an Extension ), each of which Extensions requiring us to cause to be deposited into the Trust Account an amount equal 0.045 per unit sold in the IPO (each such deposit an Extension Payment ). The Extension Amendment Proposal to amend our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Charter Amendment was approved. We filed the Charter Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 11, 2022. In connection with the Extensions, the Sponsor agreed to loan us of the funds to make the associated Extension Payments (the Extension Loans ). As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,545,838 in Extension Loans outstanding. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Introducing Advisor Agreement On June 26, 2021, we entered into an introducing advisor agreement (the Introducing Advisor Agreement with ARC Group Limited, the Company s financial advisor ARC ), pursuant to which ARC will make strategic introductions to the Company of potential target companies and/or their subsidiaries, affiliates, or representatives (each an Advisor Target who may be interested in potential business combinations with the Company. In consideration for ARC s services under the Introducing Advisor Agreement, we agreed to (i) pay to ARC (a) a retainer of 50,000 upon execution of the Introducing Advisor Agreement and (b) a success fee of 100,000 upon the closing our initial business combination, and (ii) cause to be issued to ARC equity interests in the post-combination company representing a five-percent (5 ownership interest in the post-combination company, if at any time prior to June 25, 2022 (the Termination Date ), or within six (6) months thereafter, we closed on an initial business combination or any financing with any Advisor Target or any affiliate of an Advisor Target (the Equity Issuance ). On March 22, 2022, we and ARC entered into the First Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, pursuant to which both parties agreed that we would pay to ARC an additional success fee equivalent to five percent (5 on any PIPE that was brought by ARC in connection with our initial business combination upon the closing of our initial business combination. On December 31, 2022, we and ARC entered into the Second Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, pursuant to which both parties agreed to extend the Termination Date to December 31, 2024, and to change the performance condition for the Equity Issuance from the closing of our initial business combination to the execution of a business combination agreement. On December 31, 2022, following the execution of the Second Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, the performance condition for the Equity Issuance was deemed to have been met, and ARC was issued 1,378,517 shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, up to 143,766 shares of which are subject to forfeiture if our public stockholders exercise redemption rights with respect to any of our remaining outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. Critical Accounting Policies This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our unaudited financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Warrant Liabilities The Company accounts for the Public Warrants (as defined in Note 3) and the Private Placement Warrants (collectively, with the Public Warrants, the Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, the Company classifies the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjusts the Warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the statements of operations. The Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using a binomial/lattice model. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the Public Warrant quoted market price will be used as the fair value as of each relevant date. Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A Common Stock subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Shares of Class A Common Stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A Common Stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheet. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the re-measurement from initial book value to redemption amount, which approximates fair value. The change in the carrying value of the redeemable Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit and Class A Common Stock. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Net Income per Common Share Net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, excluding common shares previously subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 375,000 shares of Class B Common Stock that were previously subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income per share is the same as basic income per share for the period presented . Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective for the Company for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the net proceeds received into the Trust Accounts, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in US treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In connection with the evaluation of the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, and management s subsequent re-evaluation of its Prior Financials, the Company determined that there were errors in its accounting for its complex financial instruments and related disclosure. Management concluded that a deficiency in internal control over financial reporting existed relating to the accounting treatment for complex financial instruments and that the failure to properly account for and disclose such instruments constituted a material weakness. Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments and related disclosure. Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification and consideration of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and implementing additional layers of reviews in the financial close process. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, with the exception of those steps taken to remediate the material weakness discussed above. Item 9B. Other Information. None. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position Barry Anderson 45 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar 49 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Syed Musheer Ahmed 38 Director Julianne Huh 53 Director Annie Damit Undikai 60 Director The experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: Barry Anderson has served as our chairman and Chief Executive Officer since our inception. Mr. Anderson has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Present D Lloyd Technologies Ltd since September 2019, where he has conceptualized and implemented the business development strategy that has yielded significant results in raising the company profile. From October 2011 to September 2019, Mr. Anderson served as the Managing Director of Serba Dinamik International Ltd, where he provided leadership and vision to the organization by assisting the board of directors with the development of long range and annual strategies and planning. From July 2013 to September 2019, Mr. Anderson served as the Non-Executive Director of Quantum Offshore Ltd, where he was assisting and identifying new areas for development and providing guidance on capital raising activities. Mr. Anderson currently sits on the board of directors and contributes his years of experience to develop new areas for growth by creating meaningful and lasting relationships with key customers for future business. From January 2007 to August 2011, Mr. Anderson served as the Business Development Manager of Serba Dinamik Sdn Bhd, where he developed and managed a sales team to promote nitrogen generation, turbine, and compressor services. Mr. Anderson effectively implemented sales strategies to achieve targets, and generated key accounts and term contracts with clients globally. From January 2007 to September 2008, Mr. Anderson served as the Business Development Manager of RAM Global Ltd, where he was responsible for the sales and marketing of advanced polymer products. In 1998, Mr. Anderson received his Bachelor of Arts Degree in Asian Studies at Manchester University. Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar has served as our Chief Financial Officer and secretary since inception. Mr. Mokhtar has been serving as the Senior Vice President, Special Project of Group CEO Office, of Serba Dinamik Holdings Berhad. In May 2012, Mr. Mokhtar joined PBJV Group Sdn Bhd (PBJV) as the Chief Financial Officer with the primary task to list the group in Bursa Malaysia. PBJV was successfully listed in Bursa Malaysia in November 2013 under a new investment holding company, Barakah Offshore Petroleum Berhad (Barakah). Mr. Mokhtar was also transferred from PBJV to Barakah as group Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining PBJV, Mr. Mokhtar was employed by TidalMarine Engineering Sdn Bhd (TidalMarine) as Director of Corporate Affairs and Finance since May 2007. TidalMarine is one of the leading marine engineering companies in Malaysia specializing in marine and infrastructure services. In October 2005, Mr. Mokhtar joined PECD Berhad as a Manager in its Investment Division, where he was primarily responsible for evaluating and acquiring concession type assets in the water, infrastructure, power, oil and gas sectors. Subsequently in October 2006, he was promoted to Head of Corporate Affairs (Group CEO Office). In May 2003, Mr. Mokhtar joined Ranhill Berhad (RB) as the Senior Manager of Corporate Planning, where he was instrumental in the acquisition and debt restructuring of Ranhill Power Berhad (formerly known as EPE Power Corporation Berhad) and Ranhill Utilities Berhad. Upon receiving his Bachelor Degree (Honours) in Accountancy in July 1997 from International Islamic University Malaysia, Mr. Mokhtar started his career at PwC Malaysia in the Corporate Finance/Recovery Department before he moved to the Corporate Finance Department at Alliance Investment Banks in July 1999. Mr. Mokhtar is also a Certified Public Accountant registered with the Malaysian Institute of Accountants. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Syed Musheer Ahmed was appointed to our Board in May 2021. Mr. Ahmed co-founded FinStep Asia based in Hong Kong and has been serving as its Managing Director since October 2019. FinStep Asia is a venture builder where Mr. Ahmed facilitated fintech partnerships across Asia, Europe and the U.S. for a Singaporean e-commerce Unicorn, and provided market entry strategy and growth advisory services to fintech firms across Asia, with a focus on Hong Kong, India and Singapore. From October 2017 to October 2019, Mr. Ahmed co-founded the Fintech Association based in Hong Kong and has been serving as its General Manager. The Fintech Association of Hong Kong is the representative body for Hong Kong s Fintech Industry, where Mr. Ahmed developed strategic, digital and policy frameworks for the financial services and fintech industry in Hong Kong. From January 2016 to July 2017, Mr. Ahmed served as the Senior Consultant and Co-head of Risk and Regulations at GreySpark Partners based in Hong Kong. GreySpark is a global management consulting firm with a focus on financial services technology. From July 2005 to June 2014, Mr. Ahmed served as the Country Head of Hertshten Group and its subsidiaries. Hertshten Group is one of the world s largest firms in fixed income and commodities futures trading. In August 2015, Mr. Ahmed received his MBA degree with a focus on Finance and Strategy, from the London Business School and the University of Hong Kong. In June 2005, Mr. Ahmed received his Bachelor of Engineering degree from R.V.C.E. in India. We believe Mr. Ahmed is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience in fintech and the financial services industry, and his network of contacts and relationships. Julianne Huh was appointed to our Board in May 2021. Since October 2017, Dr. Huh has been serving as the Director of S I F B Management Sdn, Bhd based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, where she manages the overall business, operations and marketing of 2 Ox French Bistro. From June 2016 to August 2017, Dr. Huh served as the Vice President of The Mall of Korea based in Bangkok, Thailand, where she managed projects for business set-up, construction of department stores and nine restaurants. Dr. Huh also managed the overall business, operations and marketing while serving as the Vice President during this time. From November 2013 to June 2016, Dr. Huh served as the Director of Business Development of Juna International Ltd based in Shanghai, China and Seoul, Korea, where she oversaw China Business Development in the entertainment and music industry. From August 2006 to June 2016, Dr. Huh founded the Wonderful World of Learning (WWL) and served as its General Manager based in Shanghai, where she managed the overall business and operations of the preschool, curriculum development and teacher training. From October 2011 to May 2014, Dr. Huh served as the Managing Partner as well as Vice President of Pronovias Korea based in Seoul, Korea, where she launched the wedding dress brand Pronovias of the Spain flagship store as the sole franchise for the Korean market. Dr. Huh also oversaw and managed operations, marketing, PR and bi-annual buying and merchandising. From September 2009 to September 2019, Dr. Huh founded Only Natural Organic Bath Products based in Shanghai, China, where she was in charge of brand development and sales for charity purposes. In May 2005, Dr. Huh received her Doctor of Education (Ed.D) degree at the University of Massachusetts in the U.S. In May 1995, Dr. Huh received her Master s of Education (M.Ed) degree from the University of Massachusetts in the U.S. In June 1993, Dr. Huh completed two semesters of courses at the MBA program at the Yonsei University in Seoul, Korea. In February 1991, Dr. Huh received her Bachelor of Arts degree in English Language and Literature from Ewha Women s University in Seoul, Korea. We believe Dr. Huh is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to her experience in global finance, as well as her network of contacts and relationships. Annie Damit Undikai was appointed to our Board in May 2021. Since August 2005, Ms. Undikai has been serving as a Director of Brighton Management Limited, an underwriting and insurance management firm. Since November 2007, Ms. Undikai has been serving as a Director of Brighton International Management SDN BHD, an affiliate of Brighton Management Limited providing management and support services. Since September 2010, Ms. Undikai has been serving as a Director of Brighton International Group Limited, an affiliate of Brighton Management Limited. Since August 2013, Ms. Undikai has been serving as a Director of Brighton Management Singapore PTE Ltd., an affiliate of Brighton Management Limited providing management and support services. Since December 2019, Ms. Undikai has also been serving as a Director of Park Lane PCC Limited, a captive insurance company. In July 1983, Ms. Undikai received her Bachelor of Arts with Honors in Accounting and Computing from the University of Kent at Canterbury in the United Kingdom. Ms. Undikai is a Fellow Member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We have four directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Ahmed will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Dr. Huh, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Anderson and Ms. Undikai, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Dr. Huh, Mr. Ahmed, and Ms. Undikai serve as members of our audit committee, and Ms. Undikai chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Dr. Huh, Mr. Ahmed, and Ms. Undikai meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that that Ms. Undikai qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Dr. Huh, Mr. Ahmed, and Ms. Undikai serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Dr. Huh, Mr. Ahmed, and Ms. Undikai are independent and Dr. Huh chairs the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to ARC Group Ltd of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. Our independent directors will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters with the SEC and copies are available on our website. You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis None of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month described elsewhere in this Report, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or advisors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers, directors or advisors, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, advisors or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The compensation committee has reviewed and discussed this Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based upon its review and discussions, the compensation committee recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Report. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 7,570,336 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 3,316,819 shares of our Class A Common Stock, and (ii) 4,253,517 shares of our Class B Common Stock, issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, holders of the shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class B Common Stock vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the shares of Class B Common Stock are convertible into Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Class B Common Stock Common Stock Approximate Number of Number of Percentage of Shares Approximate Shares Approximate Outstanding Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Percentage Common Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned of Class Owned(2) of Class Stock Directors and Executive Officers: Barry Anderson(1) 585,275 17.6 2,845,000 66.9 45.3 Firdauz Edmin bin Mokhtar(1) 585,275 17.6 2,845,000 66.9 45.3 Syed Musheer Ahmed 5,000 Julianne Huh 5,000 Annie Damit Undikai 5,000 All executive officers and directors as a group (six individuals) 585,275 17.6 2,875,000 67.6 23.1 Five Percent Holders: Data Knights, LLC(1) 585,275 17.6 2,830,000 66.5 45.1 Westchester Capital Management, LLC(3) 504,457 15.2 6.7 Shaolin Capital Management LLC(4) 400,000 12.1 5.3 ARC Group Limited 1,378,517 32.4 18.2 

 less than 1 (1) Data Knights, LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of 585,275 shares of Class A Common Stock and 2,830,000 shares of Class B Common Stock reported herein. Barry Anderson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is a manager of our sponsor. Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar, our Chief Financial Officer, is a manager and equity holder of our sponsor. By virtue of this relationship, Mr. Anderson and Mr. Mokhtar may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. Mr. Anderson and Mr. Mokhtar each disclaims any such beneficial ownership except to the extent of his respective pecuniary interest. The business address of each of these entities and individuals is Trident Court, 1 Oakcroft Road, Chessington, Surrey KT9 1BD, United Kingdom. (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B Common Stock, as well as placement shares after the Company s IPO. Founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 (3) Consists of shares held by one or more private funds managed by Westchester Capital Management, LLC, as reported on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023. (4) Consists of shares held by one or more private funds managed by Shaolin Capital Management LLC, as reported on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 22, 2023. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table None. Changes in Control None. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence On February 25, 2021, our sponsor purchased 2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share. On February 25, 2021, our sponsor transferred 15,000 shares to Barry Anderson, 15,000 shares to Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar, 5,000 shares to Syed Musheer Ahmed and 5,000 shares to Julianne Huh. On March 23, 2021, our sponsor transferred 5,000 shares to Annie Damit Undikai. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering (excluding the placement units and underlying securities). The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. upon the consummation of this offering. Up to 375,000 founder shares held by our sponsor were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. The founder shares (including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering on May 11, 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 585,275 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,852,750. Each private placement unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock and one redeemable private placement warrant. Each whole private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The proceeds from the private placement units were added to the proceeds from our initial public offering held in the trust account. If we do not complete an initial business combination by December 11, 2022 (or up to August 11, 2023, subject to nine one-month extensions), the proceeds from the sale of the private placement units will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the private placement units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. Commencing on October 5, 2021, we pay Arc Group Ltd, an affiliate of members of our sponsor, a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. From inception to December 31, 2022, we have incurred 200,000 in fees under this agreement. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Other than the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or advisors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers, directors or advisors prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or our or their affiliates and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. On February 26, 2021 our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering and we issued an unsecured promissory note to our sponsor. The promissory note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of (i) July 31, 2021 and (ii) the completion of our initial public offering. At December 31, 2022, there was no outstanding balance under the promissory note. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the private placement units. Other than as described above, the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. As of December 31, 2022, there was 207,081 outstanding under such loans. On November 11, 2022, we held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting to seek stockholder approval of certain proposals to extend the date by which we must consummate a business combination (the Termination Date from November 11, 2022 to August 11, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board of Directors) by amending our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Extension Amendment Proposal to allow for the Termination Date to be extended by up to nine months subject to nine one-month extensions (each an Extension ), each of which Extensions requiring us to cause to be deposited into the Trust Account an amount equal 0.045 per unit sold in the IPO (each such deposit an Extension Payment ). The Extension Amendment Proposal to amend our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Charter Amendment was approved. We filed the Charter Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 11, 2022. In connection with the Extensions, the Sponsor agreed to loan us of the funds to make the associated Extension Payments (the Extension Loans ). As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,545,838 in Extension Loans outstanding. On June 26, 2021, we entered into an introducing advisor agreement (the Introducing Advisor Agreement with ARC Group Limited, the Company s financial advisor ARC ), pursuant to which ARC will make strategic introductions to the Company of potential target companies and/or their subsidiaries, affiliates, or representatives (each an Advisor Target who may be interested in potential business combinations with the Company. In consideration for ARC s services under the Introducing Advisor Agreement, we agreed to (i) pay to ARC (a) a retainer of 50,000 upon execution of the Introducing Advisor Agreement and (b) a success fee of 100,000 upon the closing our initial business combination, and (ii) cause to be issued to ARC equity interests in the post-combination company representing a five-percent (5 ownership interest in the post-combination company, if at any time prior to June 25, 2022 (the Termination Date ), or within six (6) months thereafter, we closed on an initial business combination or any financing with any Advisor Target or any affiliate of an Advisor Target (the Equity Issuance ). On March 22, 2022, we and ARC entered into the First Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, pursuant to which both parties agreed that we would pay to ARC an additional success fee equivalent to five percent (5 on any PIPE that was brought by ARC in connection with our initial business combination upon the closing of our initial business combination. On December 31, 2022, we and ARC entered into the Second Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, pursuant to which both parties agreed to extend the Termination Date to December 31, 2024, and to change the performance condition for the Equity Issuance from the closing of our initial business combination to the execution of a business combination agreement. On December 31, 2022, following the execution of the Second Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, the performance condition for the Equity Issuance was deemed to have been met, and ARC was issued 1,378,517 shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, up to 143,766 shares of which are subject to forfeiture if our public stockholders exercise redemption rights with respect to any of our remaining outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. The holders of the founder shares, private placement units, and units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable) have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with our initial public offering. These holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Related Party Policy We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. We have filed a copy of our code of ethics with the SEC and a copy is available on our website. You are able to review our code of ethics by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the code of ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we have adopted, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We have filed a copy of our audit committee charter with the SEC and a copy is available on our website. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or advisors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers, directors or advisors prior to, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers, directors or advisors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: Repayment of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; Payment to Arc Group Ltd of 10,000 per month, for up to 18 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and Repayment of non-interest bearing loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which (other than as described above) have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the private placement units. 
 Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or our or their affiliates. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined Dr. Huh, Mr. Ahmed, and Ms. Undikai are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . For the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 133,080, for the services Marcum performed in connection with the review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and the audits of our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Audit-Related Fees . For the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 116,464 for the services Marcum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering and our registration statements and proxy filings. Tax Fees . For the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All Other Fees . For the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: (1) Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 
 (2) Financial Statements Schedule 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on F-1 on this Report. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 - F-23 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Data Knights Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Data Knights Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 8, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has until August 11, 2023 to complete a business combination or the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. Further, the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 31, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 DATA KNIGHTS ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid expense Prepaid insurance Total Current Assets Investments held in Trust Account Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY Current Liabilities Accrued expenses Amount due to related parties Income tax payable Franchise tax payable Total Current Liabilities Warrant liabilities Deferred underwriter fee payable Working capital loan Extension loans Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption; and shares at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Stockholders Deficit Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding , excluding and shares subject to redemption as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Class B Common Stock, par value ; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 DATA KNIGHTS ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period from February 8, 2021 For the Year (Inception) Ended Through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 (Audited) Formation and operating costs Franchise tax expense Loss from operation costs ) ) Other income (expense): Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account Dividends, realized and unrealized gain in Trust Account Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Non-operating expense ) Net income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes ) Net income Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A Common Stock subject to redemption Basic and diluted net income per common stock Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A and Class B non-redeemable common stock Basic and diluted net income per common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 DATA KNIGHTS ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A Class B Additional Total Common Stock Common Stock Paid in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Capital Deficit Deficit Balance January 1, 2022 ) ) Re-measurement of Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption ) ) Issuance of Class B Common Stock Net Income Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 8, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Class B Additional Total Common Stock Common Stock Paid in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Capital Deficit Deficit Balance February 8, 2021 (inception) Issuance of Class B Common Stock to Sponsor Sale of non-redeemable private placement units to Sponsor Re-measurement of Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption ) ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 DATA KNIGHTS ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Period from For the Year February 8, 2021 Ended (Inception Through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Audited) Cash flow from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Offering costs allocated to warrant liabilities Stock-based compensation expense Dividends, realized and unrealized gain in Trust Account ) ) Interest earned on securities held in Trust Account ) Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expense ) Accrued expenses Franchise tax payable ) Income tax payable Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flow from investing activities: Investment of cash in Trust Account ) ) Interest withdrawn from Trust Account Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flow from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discount paid Proceeds from sale of Private units Payment of offering costs ) Proceeds from promissory note Repayment of promissory note ) Advances from related parties Proceeds from working capital loan Proceeds from extension loans Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash ) Cash at the beginning of the period Cash at the end of the period Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: Re-measurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption Redemption of Class A common stock held in Trust, including interest Deferred underwriting fee payable Initial classification of warrant liability The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 DATA KNIGHTS ACQUISITION CAPITAL CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity for the period February 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering ), and, since the closing of the initial public offering, the Company has entered into a merger agreement (as described below), and continued a search for a Business Combination candidate. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on May 6, 2021. On May 11, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of private placement units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on May 11, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. Transaction costs of the Initial Public Offering amounted to , of which was for underwriting fees paid at the time of the IPO, was for deferred underwriting commissions, and was for other offering costs. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering of cash was held outside of the Trust Account available for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has of cash and a working capital deficit of . The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents. On August 10, 2022, the Company extended the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from August 11, 2022 to November 11, 2022 (the Second Extension ). The Second Extension was the second of extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents. On October 27, 2022, the Company filed a definitive proxy statement with the SEC in connection with the Company s solicitation of proxies for the vote by the stockholders of the Company at a special meeting of the Company s stockholders to be held on November 11, 2022 (the Special Meeting ). On November 11, 2022, at 10:00 a.m. ET, the Company held a virtual special meeting of its stockholders. At the special meeting, Company stockholders entitle to vote at the special meeting cast their votes and approved the Trust Amendment Proposal, pursuant to which the Trust Agreement was amended to extend the date on which Continental must liquidate the Trust Account established in connection with the IPO if the Company has not completed its initial business combination, from November 11, 2022 to August 11, 2023 (or such earlier date after November 11, 2022, as determined by the Data Knights Board). As a part of Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved amendments to its second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Extension Amendment and the investment management trust agreement (the Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee Continental ), and the Company governing the trust account (the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering dated May 11, 2021 (the Trust Amendment ), which together allow the Company to extend the deadline by which it must complete its initial business combination by up to periods. In connection with each such extension, Data Knights, LLC, the Company s sponsor, shall cause per outstanding share of the Company s Class A Common Stock, or approximately , to be deposited in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has executed extensions, out of the , resulting in deposits of approximately into the Trust Account. In connection with the proposed Business Combination with the Target, the Company will provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A Common Stock upon the completion of such Business Combination in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve such Business Combination. In the event the proposed Business Combination with the Target is not consummated, in connection with an alternative proposed initial business combination, the Company will provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company may seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. In connection with the voting on the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Trust Amendment Proposal at the special meeting, holders of shares of Class A Common Stock exercised their right to redeem those shares for cash at an approximate price of per share, for an aggregate of approximately million. Following the payment of the redemptions, the Trust Account had a balance of approximately million. Based on the above, the Company will have until August 11, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination on August 11, 2023 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of up since the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full per unit), into the Trust Account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation) (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), 
 F-8 

Table of Contents). There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Founder Shares (as defined below) or the shares of Class A Common Stock and the warrants that are included as components of the Private Placement Units. Such warrants will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the day of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure its stockholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Going Concern, Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash held outside of the Trust Account of and , respectively. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete our initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had working capital surplus (deficit) of ) and , respectively. The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of its IPO were satisfied through the proceeds of from the sale of the Founder Shares and proceed from the promissory note from sponsor of , which was repaid upon closure of the IPO. Subsequent to the IPO, the Company s liquidity will be satisfied through a portion of the net proceeds from IPO held outside of the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had investments of and held in the Trust Account, respectively. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes paid and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. During the period ended December 31, 2022, we withdraw of interest earned on the Trust Account to pay Delaware Franchise Tax. During the period ended December 31, 2021, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplates the continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management plans to 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 of such loans may be convertible into units identical to the Placement Units, at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. Risks and Uncertainties Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statement. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into law. The IR Act provides for, among other measures, a new 1 U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from whom the shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased. For purposes of calculating the excise tax, however, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury Department has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. Any redemption or other repurchase effected by us that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination or otherwise, may be subject to this excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, (ii) the nature and amount of any PIPE financing or other equity issuances in connection with the Business Combination (or any other equity issuances within the same taxable year of the Business Combination) and (iii) the content of any regulations and other guidance issued by the Treasury Department and/or the Internal Revenue Service. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, it could cause a reduction in the value of our stock. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business Combination in the required time and redeem of our public shares in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) could be subject to the excise tax, in which case the amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 and in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was held in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), which will be invested only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 shares of Class A Common Stock related to the Private Placement Unit (Note 8) outstanding, which are not subject to redemption, and shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding, which are subject to possible redemption. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Class A Common Stock reflected on the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table: Gross Proceeds Less: Proceeds allocated to public warrants and private warrants ) Issuance costs related to Class A Common Stock ) Redemption of Class A Common Stock, including interest ) Plus: Re-measurement of carrying value to redemption value Contingently redeemable Class A Common Stock- Ending Balance shares of common stock in the aggregate. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 Denominator: weighted average number of redeemable common share Basic and diluted net income per redeemable common share Non-redeemable Class A and Class B common shares Numerator: Net income allocable to common stock not subject to redemption Denominator: weighted average number of non-redeemable common shares Basic and diluted net income per non-redeemable common share stock-based compensation expense was recognized. At December 31, 2022, upon amendment of the Introducing Advisor Agreement, which amended ARC s performance condition that was concurrently deemed to have been met, ARC was granted shares of the Company s Class B common stock at a fair value of per share. The Company recorded the resulting of stock based compensation expense on December 31, 2022, which is included in formation and operating costs in the consolidated statement of operations. The fair value of the Class B common stock was determined by applying a discount to the actively traded Class A shares, which have an observable market price. The discount was calculated as the average discount of the Class B share price (derived) compared to the Class A share price (observable) for SPACs that have actively traded Rights . 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals, or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of the Company s Class A Common Stock, par value, and redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 9). Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit for an aggregate purchase price of . The Private Placement Units are identical to the Units, except that (a) the Private Placement Units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the consummation of the Company s initial business combination except to permitted transferees and (b) the Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (ii) will be entitled to registration rights. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 upon execution of the Introducing Advisor Agreement and (b) a success fee of upon the closing our initial business combination, and (ii) cause to be issued to ARC equity interests in the post-combination company representing a five-percent ownership interest in the post-combination company, if at any time prior to June 25, 2022 (the Termination Date ), or within six ) months after the consummation of an initial business combination or any financing with any Advisor Target or any affiliate of an Advisor Target (the Equity Issuance ). On March 22, 2022, the Company and ARC entered into the First Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, pursuant to which both parties agreed that the Company would pay to ARC an additional success fee equivalent to five percent on any PIPE that was brought by ARC in connection with the Company s initial business combination upon the closing of the Company s initial business combination. On December 31, 2022, the Company and ARC entered into the Second Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, pursuant to which both parties agreed to extend the Termination Date to December 31, 2024, and to change the performance condition for the Equity Issuance from the closing of an initial business combination to the execution of a business combination agreement. On December 31, 2022, following the execution of the Second Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, the performance condition for the Equity Issuance was deemed to have been met, and ARC was issued shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, up to shares of which are subject to forfeiture if the public stockholders exercise redemption rights with respect to any of the remaining outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. Founder Shares On February 25, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Class B Common Stock (the Founder Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of . On February 25, 2021, the Sponsor transferred shares to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, shares to the Company s Chief Financial Officer and shares to two of the Company s independent directors. Following the determination of the Company s third independent director, on March 23, 2021, the Sponsor transferred shares to such independent director. The Founder Shares which the Sponsor and its permitted transferees will collectively own, on an as-converted basis, represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. In connection with the Introducing Advisors Agreement, on December 31, 2022, ARC was granted shares of Class B common stock, par value per share, up to of which are subject to forfeiture by ARC if the Company s public shareholders exercise redemption rights with respect to any of outstanding shares of Class A common stock. The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or similar transaction that results in the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last reported sale price of the Company s Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 -trading day period commencing at least after the Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. Promissory Note Related Party On February 8, 2021, the Sponsor committed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of July 31, 2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. On June 1, 2021, the outstanding under the promissory note was repaid in full. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, there is amount outstanding under the promissory note. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into units at a price of per unit. The Units will be identical to the Private Placement Units. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, there is and outstanding under the Working Capital Loans, respectively. The Company s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate a Business Combination within months from the closing of the Company s initial public offering, the Company may, by resolution of the Company s board if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to times, each by an additional (for a total of up to months to complete a Business Combination), subject to the Sponsor depositing additional funds into the Trust Account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of the Company s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order for the time available for the Company to consummate the initial Business Combination to be extended, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon business days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust Account since the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full per unit), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each of the available extensions, providing a total possible Business Combination period of months at a total payment value of since the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full per unit) (the Extension Loans ). Any such payments would be made in the form of non-interest-bearing loans. If the Company completes its initial Business Combination, the Company will, at the option of the Sponsor, repay the Extension Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into units at a price of per unit, which units will be identical to the Private Placement Units. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Company will repay such loans only from funds held outside of the Trust Account. Furthermore, the letter agreement among the Company and the Company s officers, directors, and the Sponsor contains a provision pursuant to which the Sponsor will agree to waive its right to be repaid for such loans to the extent there is insufficient funds held outside of the Trust Account in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination. The Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete the initial Business Combination. The public stockholders will not be afforded an opportunity to vote on the extension of time to consummate an initial Business Combination from months to months described above or redeem their shares in connection with such extensions. Pursuant to the foregoing, on May 5, 2022, the Company extended the date by which the Company had to consummate a business combination from May 11, 2022 to August 11, 2022. On August 10, 2022, the Company extended the date by which the Company had to consummate a business combination from August 11, 2022 to November 11, 2022. As described in Note 1, on November 11, 2022, the Stockholders of the Company approved the Extension Amendment and the Trust Amendment to allow the Company to extend the deadline by which it must complete its initial business combination by up to nine periods from November 11, 2022. In connection with each such extension, Data Knights, LLC, the Company s sponsor, caused per outstanding share of the Company s Class A Common Stock, or approximately , deposited in the Trust Account in connection with the exercise of the monthly extension. In connection with each such extension, the Company will have until April 11, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination(see Note 11). On December 31, 2022 and 2021, there is and outstanding under the Extension Loan, respectively. Administrative Services Arrangement Commencing on the date of the prospectus and until completion of the Company s Business Combination or liquidation, the Company may reimburse ARC Group Ltd., an affiliate of the Sponsor, up to an amount of per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have incurred in fees under this agreement. From February 8, 2021(inception) to December 31, 2021, the Company incurred in fees under this agreement. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriters Agreement The Company granted the underwriter a -day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The aforementioned option was exercised on May 11, 2021. The underwriter was paid a cash underwriting discount of two percent of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or . In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred fee of three and a half percent of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or . The deferred fee was placed in the Trust Account and will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Right of First Refusal For a period beginning on May 7, 2021 and ending 12 months from the closing of a business combination, we have granted the underwriters a right of first refusal to act as lead-left book running manager and lead left manager for any and all future private or public equity, convertible and debt offerings during such period. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(E)(i), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of our Registration Statement. First Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement On March 22, 2022, the Company and ARC entered into the First Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, pursuant to which both parties agreed that the Company would pay to ARC an additional success fee equivalent to five percent on any PIPE that was brought by ARC in connection with an initial business combination upon the closing of an initial business combination. Second Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement On December 31, 2022, the Company and ARC entered into the Second Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, pursuant to which both parties agreed to extend the Termination Date to December 31, 2024, and to change the performance condition for the Equity Issuance from the closing of an initial business combination to the execution of a business combination agreement. On December 31, 2022, following the execution of the Second Amendment to the Introducing Advisor Agreement, the performance condition for the Equity Issuance was deemed to have been met, and ARC was issued shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, up to shares of which are subject to forfeiture if the public stockholders exercise redemption rights with respect to any of the remaining outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. after the completion of a Business Combination and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A Common Stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 . Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per Public Warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain issuances of Class A Common Stock and equity-linked securities) for any 20 trading days within a 30 -trading day period commencing no earlier than the date the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day before the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A Common Stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Window and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless.The Placement Warrants were identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Placement Warrants and the Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A Common Stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Placement Warrants and the Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accounted for the aggregate warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (the Public Warrants and the Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company will classify each warrant as a liability at its fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. preferred shares with a par value of per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preferred shares issued or outstanding . Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A Common Stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, including shares of non-redeemable Class A Common Stock issued in connection with the private placement (Note 4), and shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption. Class B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Class B Common Stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class B Common Stock are entitled to vote for each share. On February 25, 2021, the Sponsor transferred shares to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, shares to the Company s Chief Financial Officer and shares to two of the Company s independent directors. Following the determination of the Company s third independent director, on March 23, 2021, the Sponsor transferred shares to such independent director. On December 31, 2022, ARC Group Limited, the Company s Financial Advisor, was granted shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share, up to of which are subject to forfeiture if the Company s public stockholders exercise redemption rights with respect to any of the Company s remaining outstanding shares of Class A common stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding , respectively. Holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as required by law. The shares of Class B Common Stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like. In the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock, or equity linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A Common Stock and equity linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, and any private placement-equivalent units and its underlying securities issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). The Company may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete its Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of its Business Combination. Warrant Liabilities: Public Warrants Private Placement Warrants 

December 31,2021 Quoted Prices in Significant Other Significant Other Active Markets Observable Inputs Unobservable Inputs Description (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Asset: Investments held in Trust Account Warrant Liabilities: Public Warrants Private Placement Warrants The Warrants are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The Public Warrants were valued initially and at each reporting period that the warrants were not actively traded, using a Monte Carlo simulation. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Public Warrants were valued using the instrument s publicly listed trading price, which is considered to be a Level 1 measurement due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market. Private Placement Warrants were valued using a Monte Carlo valuation model using level 3 inputs at initial valuation and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of in money market mutual fund and in U.S. Treasury Securities, respectively. The Company uses inputs such as actual trade data, benchmark yields, quoted market prices from dealers or brokers, and other similar sources to determine the fair value of its investments and are considered Level 1 assets. The Warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within the consolidated statement of operations. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record a derivative liability upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Accordingly, the Company classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value and the warrants were allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Units equal to its fair value determined by the Monte Carlo simulation. This 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 transfers between levels. The following table provides quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements inputs as their measurement dates: Share price Expected term (years) Probability of Acquisition Volatility Risk-free rate Dividend yield (per share) The change in the fair value of the derivative warrant liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 8, 2021(inception) to December 31, 2021 is as follows: Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions (1) ) ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

 (1) Changes in valuation inputs or other assumptions are recognized in the change in fair value of warrant liability in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred ) ) State and Local Current Deferred Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision The Company s net deferred tax assets are as follows: Sec. 195 Start-up Costs Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred Tax Liability Unrealized gain on Investment in Trust Account ) Total Deferred Tax Assets ) Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred Tax Assets, net of allowance As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. The federal net operating losses can be carried forward indefinitely, subject to a limitation in utilization against of annual taxable income. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of deferred tax assets and therefore established a full valuation allowance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 State taxes, net of federal tax benefit Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ) ) Transaction costs Transaction costs allocated to warrant issuance Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision The Company s effective tax rates for the periods presented differ from the expected (statutory) rates due to the recording of full valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. The Company s tax returns since inception remain open to examination by the taxing authorities. There were unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. per share for each Public Share outstanding after giving effect to the redemptions disclosed above, or approximately , was deposited in the Trust Account. On February 8, 2023, the Company elected to exercise its fourth-month extension to the Termination Date, which extended its deadline to complete its initial business combination from February 11, 2023 to March 11, 2023, by depositing per share for each Public Share outstanding after giving effect to the redemptions disclosed above, or approximately , was deposited in the Trust Account. On March 6, 2023, the Company elected to exercise its fifth-month extension to the Termination Date, which extended its deadline to complete its initial business combination from March 11, 2023 to April 11, 2023, by depositing per share for each Public Share outstanding after giving effect to the redemptions disclosed above, or approximately , was deposited in the Trust Account. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated May 6, 2021, between the Company and Kingswood Capital Markets, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein. (2) 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (2) 3.2 By Laws. (1) 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate. (1) 4.2 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (1) 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated May 6, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 4.5 Description of Registered Securities. 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated May 6, 2021, among the Company, Data Knights LLC and each of the executive officers and directors of the Company. (2) 10.2 Promissory Note, dated February 8, 2021, issued to Data Knights LLC (1) 10.3 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated May 6, 2021 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 10.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 6, 2021, among the Company and certain securityholders. (2) 10.5 Administrative Support Agreement, dated May 6, 2021 by and between the Company and ARC Group Limited. (2) 10.6 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated May 6, 2021, between the Company and Data Knights LLC. (2) 10.7 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 10.8 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, between the Registrant and Data Knights LLC. (2) 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) 

Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2021. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2021. 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 31, 2023 Data Knights Acquisition Corp. By: /s/ Barry Anderson Name: Barry Anderson Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Position Date /s/ Barry Anderson Chief Executive Officer and Chairman March 31, 2023 Barry Anderson (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar Chief Financial Officer and Director March 31, 2023 Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Syed Musheer Ahmed Director March 31, 2023 Syed Musheer Ahmed /s/ Julianne Huh Director March 31, 2023 Julianne Huh /s/ Annie Damit Undikai Director March 31, 2023 Annie Damit Undikai 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dkdcu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Barry Anderson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Data Knights Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision; to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Barry Anderson Barry Anderson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 dkdcu-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Data Knights Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision; to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 4 

Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 dkdcu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION In connection with the Annual Report of Data Knights Acquisition Corp. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Barry Anderson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Barry Anderson Barry Anderson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 This certification is made solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request . This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 dkdcu-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION In connection with the Annual Report of Data Knights Acquisition Corp. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar Firdauz Edmin Bin Mokhtar Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 This certification is made solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request . This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dkdcu-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dkdcu-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dkdcu-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dkdcu-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

