<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_949961_0001387131-23-003916.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2407900</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103469</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>479004</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>675078</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>497288</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>592669</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-23-003916.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323155322
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-23-003916
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS INC /TX/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000949961
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				752615944
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14784
		FILM NUMBER:		23756082

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1603 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4685224200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1603 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75234

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-23-003916.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 iot-10k_123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For
the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
or organization) 
 (IRS
 Employer Identification Number) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
Telephone Number, including area code 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes 

The
aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 
million as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter based upon the price
at which the common stock was last sold on that day. 

As
of March 22, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated By Reference: 

 None 

INDEX
TO 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 5 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 5 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 5 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 6 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 6 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 6 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 9 
 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 10 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 24 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 24 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 24 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 25 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 31 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 32 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 33 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 34 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 38 
 
 Signatures 
 39 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain
Statements in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words
 estimate, plan, intend, expect, anticipate, believe, 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are found at various
places throughout this Report and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. The Company disclaims any intention or obligations
to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although
we believe that our expectations are based upon reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our goals will be achieved.
Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ from estimates or projections contained in any forward-looking
statements are described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

Income
Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. (the Company ), a Nevada Corporation, is an externally managed company that invests
in mortgage notes receivables and real property. As used herein, the terms IOR , the Company , We ,
 Our , or Us refer to the Company. 

Controlling
Shareholder 

Transcontinental
Realty Investors, Inc. TCI ), whose common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol TCI , owns
81.1 of our stock and with its affiliates owns approximately 87.6 of our common stock. Accordingly our financial results are
included in the consolidated financial statements of TCI s in their Form 10-K and in their tax filings. American Realty
Investors, Inc. ARL ), whose common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol ARL , in turn, own
approximately 78.4 of TCI. 

As
described in Part III, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence , our officers
and directors also serve as officers and directors of TCI and ARL. 

Management 

Our
business is managed by Pillar Income Asset Management, Inc. Pillar in accordance with an Advisory Agreement that
is reviewed annually by our Board of Directors. Pillar is a wholly-owned affiliate of ARL s controlling stockholder. 

Pillar s
duties include, but are not limited to, locating, evaluating and recommending real estate and real estate-related investment opportunities.
Pillar also arranges our debt and equity financing with unaffiliated independent third party lenders and investors. They also
serve as the contractual Advisor and Cash Manager to TCI. As the contractual advisor, Pillar is compensated by us under an Advisory
Agreement that is more fully described in Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
The Advisor . We have no employees. Employees of Pillar render services to us in accordance with the terms of the Advisory
Agreement. 

In
addition, as described in Part III, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence ,
we compete with related parties of Pillar having similar investment objectives related to investment in mortgage notes receivables.
In resolving any potential conflicts of interest which may arise, Pillar has informed us that it intends to exercise its best
judgment as to what is fair and reasonable under the circumstances in accordance with applicable law. 

Business
Plan and Investment Policy 

We
also invest in notes receivables that are collateralized by investments in land and/or multifamily properties. These investments
have included notes receivables from Unified Housing Foundation, Inc. UHF Due to our ongoing relationship and
the significant investment in the performance of the collateral secured under the notes receivable, we consider UHF to be a related
party. 

3 

Human
Capital 

We
have no employees. Employees of Pillar render services to us in accordance with the terms of the Advisory Agreement. 

Available
Information 

We maintain an internet site at www.incomeopp-realty.com. We make available
through our website free of charge Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, reports filed
pursuant to Section 16, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish
such materials to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, we have posted the charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee, and Governance and Nominating Committee, as well as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines
on Director Independence and other information on the website. These charters and principles are not incorporated in this Report by reference.
We will also provide a copy of these documents free of charge to stockholders upon written request. The Company issues Annual Reports
containing audited financial statements to its common shareholders. 

ITEM 1A. RISK
 FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities involves various risks. All investors should carefully consider the following risk factors, applicable
to us in conjunction with the other information in this report before trading our securities. 

Our
business may be impacted as a result of any Health emergency like the pandemic impact the coronavirus COVID 19 had in 2020-2021 in the U.S. and global economy. 

We
continue to closely monitor the impact of the recent pandemic on all aspects of our business and our portfolio. While we did not
incur significant disruptions during 2020 from the COVID-19 pandemic, we are unable to predict the impact that any further pandemic
will have on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties. These uncertainties
include the scope, severity and duration of any future pandemic, the actions taken to contain such pandemic or mitigate its impact
and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and containment measures, among others. Any further pandemic may
have a significant impact on the U.S. economy and on the local markets in which our portfolio assets are located. Nearly every
industry was impacted directly or indirectly, and the commercial real estate market has come under pressure due to numerous factors,
including preventative measures taken by local, state and federal authorities to alleviate the public health crisis such as mandatory
business closures, quarantines, and restrictions on travel and shelter-in-place or stay-at-home orders.
The future impact of any health emergency similar to the COVID-19 on our business and financial activities will depend on future
developments, which at this stage are unpredictable considering the fluctuations of health outbreaks and the resulting changes
in the market. 

Risk
Factors Related to Our Business 

An
investment in our securities involves various risks. All investors should carefully consider the following risk factors in conjunction
with the other information in this report before trading our securities. 

We
may not be able to access financial markets to obtain capital on a timely basis, or on acceptable terms. 

We
may need to rely on third party capital sources for a portion of our capital needs, including capital for acquisitions and development.
The public debt and equity markets are among the sources on which we rely. There is no guarantee that we will be able to access
these markets, or any other source of capital. The ability to access the public debt and equity markets depends on a variety of
factors, including: 

general
 economic conditions affecting these markets; 

our
 own financial structure and performance; 

Our
degree of reliance on the operations of certain assets to collect the notes receivable can affect our cash flow. 

The
collection of our notes receivable are dependent upon the ability of the assets that secure the notes to produce sufficient cash
flow to service these notes. Changes in general or local economic conditions in the southwestern United States and, in particular,
the Dallas, Texas area can have an adverse effect on the payment of these notes. 

4 

Our
degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing or affect the market price of our common stock. 

The
degree of leverage available to the Company could affect our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital
expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes. The degree of leverage could also make us more vulnerable
to a downturn in business or the economy. 

An
increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and could adversely impact our ability to refinance
existing debt. 

We
may incur indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates. Accordingly, if interest rates increase, so will our interest costs,
which would adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt and our ability to make distributions
to our stockholders. Further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance any existing debt when it matures. 

We
may need to sell assets from time to time for cash flow purposes. 

In
the event that we must sell assets to generate cash flow, we cannot predict whether there will be a market for those assets in
the time period we desire or need to sell them, or whether we will be able to sell them at a price that will allow us to fully
recoup our investment. We may not be able to realize the full potential value of our assets and we may incur costs related to
the early pay-off of the debt secured by such assets. In addition, to the extent that the Company provides financing to the buyer,
our ability to collect the amounts owed when due may adversely affect our cash flow. 

ITEM
 1B UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

None
at present 

ITEM
 3. LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

In
February 2019, Paul Berger Berger filed suit against us and others that alleged that we completed improper sales
and/or transfers of property. Berger sought to proceed derivatively and directly, requested a payoff of various related party
loans to us and that we then distribute the funds to its stockholders. After discovery and motions to dismiss substantial portions
of the complaint, on June 28, 2022, Berger sought to voluntarily dismiss the action for reasons stated in the motion. The parties
have not entered into any settlement, and neither Berger nor their counsel has received any consideration for the voluntary dismissal.
On January 4, 2023, the United States District Court entered a formal order that dismissed the action with prejudice. 

ITEM
 4. MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

5 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
 OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE American Exchange under the symbol IOR . The following table sets forth
the high and low sales prices as reported in the consolidated reporting system of the NYSE American for the quarters ended: 

2022 
 2021 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 16.99 
 10.05 
 12.88 
 11.01 
 
 Second Quarter 
 15.06 
 10.59 
 13.37 
 11.14 
 
 Third Quarter 
 13.99 
 10.11 
 13.83 
 11.05 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 13.50 
 11.35 
 13.69 
 11.24 

On
March 21, 2023, the closing market price of our common stock on the NYSE American Exchange was 11.10 per share, and
was held by 360 stockholders of record. 

Our
Board of Directors established a policy that dividend declarations on common stock would be determined on an annual basis following
the end of each year. In accordance with that policy, the board determined not to pay any dividends on common stock in 2022, 2021
or 2020. Future distributions to common stockholders will be determined by the Board of Directors in light of conditions then
existing, including our financial condition and requirements, future prospects, restrictions in financing agreements, business
conditions and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. 

We
have a stock repurchase program that allows for the repurchase of up to 1,650,000 shares of our common stock. This repurchase
program has no termination date. There were no shares repurchased for the year ended December 31,
2022 and the program has 615,239 shares remaining that can be repurchased as of December 31,
2022. 

ITEM
 6. SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 

Optional
and not included. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item
8 of this Report. 

Management s
Overview 

We
are an externally advised and managed company that invests in notes receivable that are collateralized by income-producing properties
in the Southern United States and in the past, real property. Our current principal source of income is interest income on note
receivables from related parties. 

We
have historically engaged in and may continue to engage in certain business transactions with related parties, including but not
limited to asset acquisition, dispositions and financings. Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried
out on an arm s length basis due to the absence of free market forces that naturally exist in business dealings between
two or more unrelated entities. Related party transactions may not always be favorable to our business and may include terms,
conditions and agreements that are not necessarily beneficial to or in our best interest. 

Our
operations are managed by Pillar in accordance with an Advisory Agreement. Pillar s duties include, but are not limited
to, locating, evaluating and recommending investment opportunities. We have no employees. Employees of Pillar render services
to us in accordance with the terms of the Advisory Agreement. Pillar is considered to be a related party due to its common ownership
with TCI, who is our controlling stockholder. 

6 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Some
of these estimates and assumptions include judgments on the provisions for uncollectible accounts and fair value measurements.
Our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in
our notes to the consolidated financial statements. However, the following policies are deemed to be critical. 

Non-performing
Notes Receivable 

The
Company considers a note receivable to be non-performing when the maturity date has passed without principal repayment and the
borrower is not making interest payments in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 

Interest
recognition on Notes Receivable 

We
record interest income as earned in accordance with the terms of the related loan agreements. 

Allowance
for Estimated Losses 

We
assess the collectability of notes receivable on a periodic basis, of which the assessment consists primarily of an evaluation
of cash flow projections of the borrower to determine whether estimated cash flows are sufficient to repay principal and interest
in accordance with the contractual terms of the note. We recognize impairments on notes receivable when it is probable that principal
and interest will not be received in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. The amount of the impairment to be recognized
generally is based on the fair value of the partnership s real estate that represents the primary source of loan repayment.
(See Note 3, below, Notes and Interest Receivable from Related Parties, for details on our notes receivable.) 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

We
apply the guidance in ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, to the valuation of real estate assets.
These provisions define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in a transaction
between market participants at the measurement date, establish a hierarchy that prioritizes the information used in developing
fair value estimates and require disclosure of fair value measurements by level within the fair value hierarchy. The hierarchy
gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable data
(Level 3 measurements), such as the reporting entity s own data. 

The
valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date
and includes three levels defined as follows: 

Level 1 Unadjusted
quoted prices for identical and unrestricted assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 Quoted
prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 

Level 3 Unobservable
inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement. 

A
financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement. 

Related
Parties 

We
apply ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations , to evaluate business relationships. Related parties are persons or entities
who have one or more of the following characteristics, which include entities for which investments in their equity securities
would be required, trust for the benefit of persons including principal owners of the entities and members of their immediate
families, management personnel of the entity and members of their immediate families and other parties with which the entity may
deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the decision making of the other to an extent that one of the transacting
parties might be prevented from fully pursuing our own separate interests, or affiliates of the entity. 

7 

Inflation 

The
effects of inflation on our operations are not quantifiable. Revenues from property operations tend to fluctuate proportionately
with inflationary increases and decreases in housing costs. Fluctuations in the rate of inflation also affect sales values of
properties and the ultimate gain to be realized from property sales. To the extent that inflation affects interest rates, our
earnings from short-term investments, the cost of new financings and the cost of variable interest rate debt will be affected. 

Environmental
Matters 

Under
various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, we may be potentially liable for removal or remediation
costs, as well as certain other potential costs, relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including governmental fines and injuries
to persons and property) where property-level managers have arranged for the removal, disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic
substances. In addition, certain environmental laws impose liability for release of asbestos-containing materials into the air,
and third parties may seek recovery for personal injury associated with such materials. 

We
are not aware of any environmental liability relating to the above matters that would have a material adverse effect on our business,
assets or results of operations. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following discussion is based on our Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Statement of Operations, for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 from Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and is not meant to be
an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our net income applicable to common shares. Instead, we have focused on significant
fluctuations within our operations that we feel are relevant to obtain an overall understanding of the change in income applicable
to common shareholders. 

Our
operating expenses consist primarily of general and administrative costs such as audit and legal fees and administrative fees
paid to a related party. 

We
also have other income and expense items. We receive interest income from the funds deposited with our Advisor at a rate of prime
plus 1.0 . We have receivables from related parties which also provide interest income. 

Comparison
of the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Our
 0.3 million increase in net income during the year ended December 31,
2022 is primarily attributed to the following: 

The
 1.6 million increase in interest income was primarily due to an increase in interest
 rates in 2022. 

The
 1.2 million decrease in other income was primarily due to the 2021 recovery of a note receivable
 that had previously been written off. 

Comparison
of the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2020: 

See
Item 7 of Part II in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on March 25,
2022 for a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
principal liquidity needs are to fund normal recurring expenses. Our principal sources of cash are and will continue to be the
collection of mortgage notes receivables, and the collections of receivables and interests from related companies. 

We
anticipate that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, along with cash that will be generated in 2023 from
notes and interest receivables, will be sufficient to meet all of our cash requirements. 

8 

Cash
Flow Summary 

The
following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows in Part II, Item 8.
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the
changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Incr /(Decr) 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 4 
 (2,980 
 2,984 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 
 2,970 
 (2,970 

The
increase in cash from operating activities is primarily due to the collection of a note receivable in 2021. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Optional
and not included. 

9 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 11 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 13 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 14 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 15 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 16 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 17 

Financial
 Statement Schedules 

Schedule IV Mortgage Loan Receivables on Real Estate 
 22 

10 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors of and 

Stockholders
of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. 

Dallas,
Texas 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and
schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Income Opportunity Investors, Inc. as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
of Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of
critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or
disclosures to which they relate. 

Transactions
with and Balances Due from Related Parties 

Description
of the Matter 

The
Company has significant transactions with and balances due from related parties. The Company performs an assessment as to whether
substantially all the amounts due under these receivables are deemed probable of collection. When the Company concludes that it is
not probable that it will collect amounts, the Company creates an allowance for the amount not probable of the
collection. 

Auditing
the Company s collectability assessment is complex due to the judgment involved in the Company s determination of
the collectability of these receivables. The determination involves consideration of the terms of the receivable, whether the
receivable is currently performing, and any security for the receivable. 

11 

How
We addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We
obtained an understanding of the Company s controls over related party receivables and their collectability assessment.
Our testing included, among other things, confirmation of the receivables, reviewing selected financial information of the related
parties, reviewing subsequent collections and evaluating transactions documentation. The relevant financial statement accounts
are notes and interest receivable from related parties and interest income
from related parties. 

Emphasis
of Related Party Transactions 

As
described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. and Subsidiaries has
significant transactions with and balances due from related parties. 

Supplemental
Information 

The
supplemental information contained in Schedules IV has been subjected to audit procedures performed in conjunction with
the audit of the Company s financial statements. The supplemental information is the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our audit procedures included determining whether the supplemental information reconciles to the financial statements
or the underlying accounting and other records, as applicable, and performing procedures to test the completeness and accuracy
of the information presented in the supplemental information. In forming our opinion on the supplemental information, we evaluated
whether the supplemental information, including its form and content, is presented in conformity with the Security and Exchange
Commission s rules. In our opinion, the supplemental information is fairly stated, in all material respects, the financial
data required to be set forth therein in relation to the financial statements as a whole. 

Auditor
ID: 

 March 23,
2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. 

12 

INCOME
OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (dollars
in thousands, except par value amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Interest receivable from related parties 

Receivable from related parties 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Notes receivable from related parties 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Equity 

Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Shareholders equity 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Treasury stock at cost, shares 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

13 

INCOME
OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Dollars
in thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues: 

Other income 

Expenses: 

General and administrative (including , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from related parties) 

Advisory fee to related party 

Total operating expenses 

Net operating loss 

Interest income from related parties 

Other income 

Income tax provision 

Net income 

Earnings per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares used in computing earnings per share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

14 

INCOME
OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (dollars
in thousands, except share amounts) 

Shares Issued 
 Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Retained Earnings 
 Total 
Shareholders 
Equity 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2020 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

15 

INCOME
OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Dollars
in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash Flow From Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) by operating activities: 

Recovery of doubtful accounts 

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of dispositions: 

Accrued interest on related party notes receivable 

Related party receivables 

Accounts payable 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flow From Investing Activities: 

Collection of notes receivable 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

16 

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS,
INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

of our stock and with
its affiliates owns approximately of our common stock. Accordingly our financial results are included in the consolidated
financial statements of TCI s in their Form 10-K and in their tax filings. American Realty Investors, Inc. ARL ),
whose common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol ARL , in turn, own approximately of TCI. 

Our business is managed by Pillar Income
Asset Management, Inc. Pillar in accordance with an Advisory Agreement that is reviewed annually by our Board of
Directors. Pillar is considered to be related parties (See Note 14 Related Party Transactions). 

Pillar s duties include, but are
not limited to, locating, evaluating and recommending real estate and real estate-related investment opportunities. Pillar also
arranges our debt and equity financing with third party lenders and investors. 

United Housing Foundation 

United Housing Foundation 

United Housing Foundation 

The borrower is determined to be a related
party due to our significant investment in the performance of the collateral secured by the notes receivable. Principal and interest
payments on the notes from Unified Housing Foundation, Inc. UHF are funded from surplus cash flow from operations,
sale or refinancing of the underlying properties and are cross collateralized to the extent that any surplus cash available from
any of the properties underlying the notes. 

of ARL, which owes approximately of TCI, which owns of the Company. 

Advisory fees paid to Pillar were ,
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Notes receivable are amounts held by UHF
(See Note 3 Notes Receivable). UHF is determined to be a related party due to our significant investment in the performance
of the collateral secured by the notes receivable. Interest income on these notes was , and for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Related
party receivables were and at
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively;
which represents amounts outstanding from TCI for loans and advances, net of unreimbursed fees and bear interest at prime plus
one percent. Interest income on these receivables were , and
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively . 

dividends on our common
stock were declared for 2022, 2021, or 2020. Future distributions to common stockholders will be determined in light of conditions
then existing, including our financial condition and requirements, future prospects, restrictions in financing agreements, business
conditions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 

State 

Total tax (benefit) expense 

State and local income taxes net of federal tax (benefit) expense 

Permanent tax differences 

Temporary tax differences 

Reported tax (benefit) expense 

Effective tax rate 

We assess the available
positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the existing deferred tax
assets. 

20 

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS,
INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

Net income 

Net income per share - basic and diluted 

2021 Quarter Ended 

March 31, 
 June 30, 
 September 30, 
 December 31 
 
 Net operating loss 

Net income 

Net income per share - basic and diluted 

21 

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS,
INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

United Housing Foundation 

United Housing Foundation 

As of December 31, 

Additions 

Deductions 

Balance at December 31, 

23 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Principal Executive and Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules
and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our Principal Executive and Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive and Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Our internal control over financial reporting
is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system
of internal control over financial reporting. These limitations include the possibility of human error, the circumvention of overriding
of the system and reasonable resource constraints. Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria
set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(2013). Based on management s assessments and those criteria, management has concluded that Company s internal control
over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This annual report does not include an
attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial report. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit
us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

In preparation for management s report
on internal control over financial reporting, we documented and tested the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not applicable. 

24 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors 

The affairs of the Company are managed
by our Board of Directors. The Directors are elected at the annual meeting of stockholders or appointed by the incumbent Board
and serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until a successor has been elected or approved. 

An objective is for a majority of our Board to be independent directors.
For a director to be considered independent, the Board must determine that the director does not have any direct or indirect material
relationship with the Company. The Board has established guidelines to assist it in determining director independence which conform to,
or are more exacting than, the independence requirements in the New York Stock Exchange NYSE listing rules. The independence
guidelines are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines . The text of this document has been posted on our internet
website at www.incomeopp-realty.com Investor Relations Website and is available in print to any shareholder who requests
it. In addition to applying these guidelines, the Board will consider all relevant facts and circumstances in making an independence determination. 

We have adopted a code of conduct that
applies to all Directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer. Stockholders may find our code of conduct on our website by going to our Investor Relations Website. We will
post any amendments to the code of conduct, as well as any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of the Security
Exchange Commission (the SEC or the NYSE on our website. 

Our Board of Directors has adopted charters
for our Audit, Compensation and Governance and Nominating Committees of the Board of Directors. Stockholders may find these documents
on our website by going to our Investor Relations Website. You may also obtain a printed copy of the materials referred to by contacting
us at the following address: 

Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. 

 Attn: Investor Relations 

 1603 LBJ Freeway, Suite 800 

 Dallas, Texas 75234 

 Telephone: 469-522-4200 

All members of the Audit Committee and
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees must be independent directors. Members of the Audit Committee must also satisfy
additional independence requirements, which provide (i) that they may not accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting,
advisory, or compensatory fee from the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than their director s compensation (other
than in their capacity as a member of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors, or any other committee of the Board), and (ii) no
member of the Audit Committee may be an affiliated person of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as defined by
the SEC. 

Our current directors are listed below, together with their ages, terms
of service, all positions and offices with us and our current advisor, Pillar, their principal occupations, business experience and directorships
with other companies during the last five years or more. The designation affiliated , when used below with respect to a director,
means that the director is an officer, director or employee of Pillar, an officer of the Company, or an officer or director of a related
party of the Company. The designation independent , when used below with respect to a Director, means that the Director is
neither an officer of the Company nor a director, officer or employee of Pillar but may be a director of the Company, although the Company
may have certain business or professional relationships with such Director as discussed in Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

HENRY A. BUTLER, age 72, Director, Independent, since November 2005 and
Chairman of the Board since May 2009 

Retired (since April 30, 2019); Mr. Butler
served as Vice President for Pillar from April 2011 to April 30, 2019. Mr. Butler has been a Director of the Company since February
2021 and Chairman of the Board since May 2021. He also served as Chairman of the Board since May 2009 and as a Director since July
2003 of ARL and Chairman of the Board since May 2011 and a Director since February 2011 of TCI. 

25 

ROBERT A. JAKUSZEWSKI, age 60, Director,
Independent, since March 2004 

Mr. Jakuszewski has served as a Territory
Manager for Artesa Labs since April 2015. He was a Medical Specialist from January 2014 to April 2015 for VAYA Pharma, Inc., Senior
Medical Liaison from January 2013 to July 2013 for Vein Clinics of America, and the Vice President of Sales and Marketing from
September 1998 to December 2012 for New Horizons Communications, Inc. Mr. Jakuszewski has been a Director of the Company since
March 2004. He has also been a Director of TCI since November 2005 and a Director of ARL since November 2005. 

TED R. MUNSELLE, age 67, Director, Independent,
since May 2009 

Mr. Munselle has been Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Landmark Nurseries, Inc. since October 1998. On February 17, 2012, he was appointed as a member
of the Board of Directors for Spindletop Oil Gas Company and as Chairman of their Audit Committee. Spindletop s stock
is traded on the Over-the-Counter (OTC) market. Mr. Munselle has been a Director of the Company since May 2009. He has also
served as Director of TCI since February 2004 and Director of ARL since February 2004. Mr. Munselle is qualified as an Audit
Committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations and the Board of Directors has determined that he has accounting
and related financial management expertise within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. Mr. Munselle is a Certified
Public Accountant. 

RAYMOND D. ROBERTS, SR., age 91, Director,
Independent, since June 2016 

Mr. Roberts is currently retired. Mr.
Roberts has served as Director of the Company since June 2, 2016. He has also served as Director of TCI and ARL since June 2, 2016.
For more than five years prior to December 31, 2014, he was Director of Aviation of Steller Aviation, Inc., a privately held
corporation engaged in the business of aircraft (Boeing 737) and logistical management. He is also a director of New Concept Energy,
Inc. since June 2015, which has its common stock listed and traded on the NYSE American Exchange. 

Board Meetings and Committees 

The Board of Directors held five meetings
during 2022. For such year, no incumbent director attended fewer than 75 of the aggregate of (1) the total number of meetings
held by the Board during the period for which he or she had been a director and (2) the total number of meetings held by all
committees of the Board on which he or she served during the period that he served. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines,
each Director is expected to dedicate sufficient time, energy and attention to ensure the diligent performance of his or her duties,
including by attending meetings of the stockholders of the Company, the Board and Committees of which he is a member. The Board
of Directors has standing Audit, Compensation and Governance and Nominating Committees. 

26 

The members of the Board of Directors on
the date of this Report and the Committees of the Board on which they serve are identified below: 

Director 
 
 Audit Committee 

Governance and 
Nominating 
 Committee 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 Henry A. Butler 

Robert A. Jakuszewski 
 
 X 
 
 X 
 
 Chair 
 
 Ted R. Munselle 
 
 Chair 
 
 X 
 
 X 
 
 Raymond D. Roberts, Sr. 
 
 X 
 
 Chair 
 
 X 

Audit Committee. The
Audit Committee is responsible for review and oversight of our operating and accounting procedures. Our Audit Committee charter
is available on our Investor Relations website (www.transconrealty-invest.com). The Audit Committee is an audit committee 
for purposes of Section 3(a)(58) of the Exchange Act. All of the current members of the Audit Committee are independent within
the meaning of the SEC Regulations, the listing standards of the NYSE and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Ted R. Munselle,
the chairman of our Audit Committee, is qualified as an Audit Committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC Regulations,
and the Board has determined that he has accounting and related financial management expertise within the meaning of the listing
standards of the NYSE. All of the members of the Audit Committee meet the experience requirements of the listing standards of the
NYSE. The Audit Committee met five times during 2022. 

Governance and Nominating Committee. The
Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for developing and implementing policies and practices relating to corporate
governance, including reviewing and monitoring implementation of our Corporate Governance Guidelines. In addition, the Committee
develops and reviews background information on candidates for the Board and makes recommendations to the Board regarding such candidates.
The Committee also prepares and supervises the Board s annual review of director independence and the Board s performance
self-evaluation. The Charter of the Governance and Nominating Committee was adopted on March 17, 2004 and is available on
our Investor Relations Website. The Governance and Nominating Committee met two times during 2022. 

Compensation Committee. The
Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the policies of the Company relating to compensation to be paid by the Company
to our principal executive officer and any other officers designated by the Board and make recommendations to the Board with respect
to such policies, produce necessary reports and executive compensation for inclusion in our Proxy Statement in accordance with
applicable rules and regulations and to monitor the development and implementation of succession plans for the principal executive
officers and other key executives and make recommendations to the Board with respect to such plans. The charter of our Compensation
Committee is available on our Investor Relations Website. All of the members of the Compensation Committee are independent within
the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Compensation Committee is to be comprised
of at least two directors who are independent of Management and the Company. The Compensation Committee met two times during 2022. 

Presiding Director 

The primary responsibility of our presiding
director is to preside over periodic executive sessions of the Board in which any Management directors and other members of Management
do not participate. The presiding director also advises the Chairman of the Board and, as appropriate, Committee Chairs with respect
to agendas and information needs relating to Board and Committee meetings, provides advice with respect to the selection of Committee
Chairs and performs other duties that the Board may from time to time delegate to assist the Board in fulfillment of its responsibilities. 

The day following the annual meeting of
stockholders held December 7, 2022 for all stockholders of record dated November 2, 2022, the full Board met and re-appointed
Mr. Munselle as Presiding Director, to serve in such position until the Company s next annual meeting of stockholders to
be held subsequently in 2023. 

27 

Determination of Director s Independence 

Our Corporate Governance Guidelines Guidelines meet or exceed the new listing standards adopted during that year by the NYSE. The full text of our Guidelines can be found on
our Investor Relations Website. 

Pursuant to the Guidelines, the Board undertook
its annual review of director independence in May 2022 and during this review, the Board considered transactions and relationships
between each director or any member of his or her immediate family and the Company and its su bsidiaries
and related parties, including those reported under Certain Relationships and Related Transactions below. The Board also examined
transactions and relationship between directors or their related parties and members of our senior management or their related
parties. As provided in the Guidelines, the purpose of such review was to determine whether such relationships or transactions
were inconsistent with the determination that the director is independent. 

As a result of these reviews, the Board
affirmatively determined of the then directors, Messrs. Butler, Munselle, Jakuszewski and Roberts are each independent of the Company
and its Management under the standards set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 

Executive Officers 

Executive officers of the Company are listed
below, all of whom are employed by Pillar. None of the executive officers receive any direct remuneration from the Company nor
do any hold any options granted by the Company. Their positions with the Company are not subject to a vote of stockholders. In
addition to the following executive officers, the Company has several vice presidents and assistant secretaries who are not listed
herein. The ages, terms of service and all positions and offices with the Company, Pillar, other related entities, other principal
occupations, business experience and directorships with other publicly-held companies during the last five years or more are set
forth below. No family relationships exist among any of the executive officers or directors of the Company. 

BRADLEY J. MUTH, 66 

Mr. Muth has served as the President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, ARL and IOR since December 16, 2021 and of Pillar since October 18, 2021. Prior
to joining the Company, he served as Senior Managing Director, Capital Markets and Development of ValueRock Realty Partners, a
national real estate investment services firm, focusing on value-ad commercial real estate throughout California, Hawaii and Arizona.
Prior thereto, from December 2014 to June 2019, he was Senior Managing Director, Portfolio and Asset Management of Madison Marquette,
a leading commercial real estate investment manager, service provider, developer and operator of real property. From 2012 to 2014,
he was Chief Investment Officer of Buckingham Companies, a real estate investment firm engaged in the multifamily sector. Mr. Muth,
from 1994 to 2012, was Managing Principal or Senior Managing Partner of ING/Concert Realty Partners, a real estate investment and
operations firm. He is also a CPA. 

ERIK L. JOHNSON, 55 

Mr. Johnson has served as the Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and ARL since December 16, 2021. He has also been Chief Financial
Officer of Pillar since June 29, 2020. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Vice President of Financial Reporting at Macerich
(NYSE: MAC) and has served as the Chief Accounting Officer of North American Scientific, Inc. He began his career as an auditor
with PricewaterhouseCoopers and is a CPA. 

LOUIS J. CORNA, 75 

Mr. Corna has served as Executive Vice
President, General Counsel/Tax Counsel and Secretary of the Company, ARL and IOR since February 2004. He has also been Executive
Vice President since March 2011 and Secretary since December 2010 of Pillar. Mr. Corna was also a Director and Vice President from
June 2004 to December 2010 and Secretary from January 2005 to December 2010 of First Equity Properties, Inc. He is also a
CPA. 

28 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics entitled
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all directors, officers, and employees (including those of our
Advisor). In addition, we have adopted a code of ethics entitled Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers that
applies to the principal executive officer, president, principal financial officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer,
and controller. The text of these documents has been posted on our Investor Relations Website and are available in print to
any stockholder who requests them. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act 

Under the securities laws of the United
States, the directors, executive officers, and any persons holding more than 10 of our shares of Common stock are required to
report their share ownership and any changes in that ownership to the SEC. Specific due dates for these reports have been established
and we are required to report any failure to file by these dates. All of these filing requirements were satisfied by our directors,
executive officers, and 10 holders during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. In making these statements, we have relied
on the written representations of our incumbent directors and executive officers, 10 holders and copies of the reports that they
have filed with the SEC. 

The Advisor 

Pillar has been our Advisor and Cash Manager
since April 30, 2011. Although the Board of Directors is directly responsible for managing the affairs of the Company, and
for setting the policies which guide it, our day-to-day operations are performed by Pillar, as the contractual advisor, under the
supervision of the Board. Pillar s duties include, but are not limited to, locating, evaluating and recommending real
estate and real estate-related investment opportunities and arranging debt and equity financing for the Company with third party
lenders and investors. Additionally, Pillar serves as a consultant to the Board with regard to their decisions in connection
with our business plan and investment policy. Pillar also serves as an Advisor and Cash Manager to TCI and IOR. As
the contractual advisor, Pillar is compensated under an Advisory Agreement that is more fully described in Part III, Item 10.
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The Advisor . We have no employees and as such,
employees of Pillar render services to us in accordance with the terms of the Advisory Agreement. 

Pillar is a Nevada corporation, the sole stockholder of which is Realty
Advisors, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, the sole member of which is RAI, a Nevada corporation, the sole shareholder of which
is May Realty Holdings, Inc. MRHI ), he sole shareholder of which is a trust known as the May Trust. The beneficiaries of
the May Trust are the children of the late Gene E. Phillips. 

Under the Advisory Agreement, Pillar is required to annually formulate
and submit, for Board approval, a budget and business plan containing a twelve-month forecast of operations and cash flow, a general plan
for asset sales and purchases, lending, foreclosure and borrowing activity, and other investments. Pillar is required to report quarterly
to the Board on the Company's performance against the business plan. In addition, all transactions require prior Board approval, unless
they are explicitly provided for in the approved business plan or are made pursuant to authority expressly delegated to Pillar by the
Board. 

The Advisory Agreement also requires prior
Board approval for the retention of all consultants and third party professionals, other than legal counsel. The Advisory Agreement
provides that Pillar shall be deemed to be in a fiduciary relationship to our stockholders; contains a broad standard governing
Pillar s liability for losses incurred by us; and contains guidelines for Pillar s allocation of investment opportunities
as among itself, the Company and other entities it advises. Pillar is a company of which Messrs. Muth, Johnson and Corna serve
as executive officers. 

The Advisory Agreement provides for Pillar
to be responsible for our day-to-day operations and to receive, as compensation for basic management and advisory services, a gross
asset fee of 0.0625 per month (0.75 per annum) of the average of the gross asset value (total assets less allowance for
amortization, depreciation or depletion and valuation reserves). 

In addition to base compensation, Pillar
receives the following forms of additional compensation: 

(1) an annual net income fee equal to 7.5 of our net income as an incentive for successful investment and management of our assets; 

(2) an annual incentive sales fee to encourage periodic sales of appreciated real property at optimum value equal to 10.0 of the
amount, if any, by which the aggregate sales consideration for all real estate sold by us during such fiscal year exceeds the sum
of: 

29 

(a) the cost of each such property as originally recorded in our books for tax purposes (without deduction for depreciation, amortization
or reserve for losses); 

(b) capital improvements made to such assets during the period owned; and 

(c) all closing costs (including real estate commissions) incurred in the sale of such real estate; provided however, no incentive
fee shall be paid unless (a) such real estate sold in such fiscal year, in the aggregate, has produced an 8.0 simple annual
return on the net investment including capital improvements, calculated over the holding period before depreciation and inclusive
of operating income and sales consideration, and (b) the aggregate net operating income from all real estate owned for each
of the prior and current fiscal years shall be at least 5.0 higher in the current fiscal year than in the prior fiscal year; 

(3) an acquisition commission, from an unaffiliated party of any existing mortgage or loan, for supervising the acquisition, purchase
or long-term lease of real estate equal to the lesser of: 

(a) up to 1.0 of the cost of acquisition, inclusive of commissions, if any, paid to non-affiliated brokers; or 

(b) the compensation customarily charged in arm s-length transactions by others rendering similar property acquisition services
as an ongoing public activity in the same geographical location and for comparable property, provided that the aggregate purchase
price of each property (including acquisition fees and real estate brokerage commissions) may not exceed such property s
appraised value at acquisition; 

(4) a construction fee equal to 6.0 of the so-called hard costs only of any costs of construction on a completed
basis, based upon amounts set forth as approved on any architect s certificate issued in connection with such construction,
which fee is payable at such time as the applicable architect certifies other costs for payment to third parties. The phrase hard
costs means all actual costs of construction paid to contractors, subcontractors and third parties for materials or labor
performed as part of the construction but does not include items generally regarded as soft costs, which are consulting
fees, attorneys fees, architectural fees, permit fees and fees of other professionals; and 

(5) reimbursement of certain expenses incurred by the advisor in the performance of advisory services. 

The Advisory Agreement also provides that
Pillar receive the following forms of compensation: 

(1) a mortgage or loan acquisition fee with respect to the acquisition or purchase from an unaffiliated party of any existing mortgage
loan by us equal to the lesser of: 

(a) 1.0 of the amount of the mortgage or loan purchased; or 

(b) a brokerage or commitment fee which is reasonable and fair under the circumstances. Such fee will not be paid in connection
with the origination or funding of any mortgage loan by us; and 

(2) a mortgage brokerage and equity refinancing fee for obtaining loans or refinancing on properties equal to the lesser of: 

(a) 1.0 of the amount of the loan or the amount refinanced; or 

(b) a brokerage or refinancing fee which is reasonable and fair under the circumstances; provided, however, that no such fee shall
be paid on loans from Pillar, or a related party of Pillar, without the approval of our Board of Directors. No fee shall be paid
on loan extensions. 

Under the Advisory Agreement, all or a
portion of the annual advisory fee must be refunded by the Advisor if our operating expenses (as defined in the Advisory Agreement)
exceed certain limits specified in the Advisory Agreement based on our book value, net asset value and net income during the fiscal
year. 

30 

The Advisory Agreement requires Pillar
to pay us, one-half of any compensation received from third parties with respect to the origination, placement or brokerage of
any loan made by us; provided, however, that the compensation retained by Pillar, or any affiliate of Pillar, shall not exceed
the lesser of (1) 2.0 of the amount of the loan commitment or (2) a loan brokerage and commitment fee which is reasonable
and fair under the circumstances. 

The Advisory Agreement further provides
that Pillar shall bear the cost of certain expenses of its employees, excluding fees paid to our Directors; rent and other office
expenses of both Pillar and us (unless we maintain office space separate from that of Pillar); costs not directly identifiable
to our assets, liabilities, operations, business or financial affairs; and miscellaneous administrative expenses relating to the
performance by Pillar of its duties under the Advisory Agreement. 

If and to the extent that we request Pillar,
or any director, officer, partner, or employee of Pillar, to render services for us other than those required to be rendered by
the Advisory Agreement, Pillar separately would be compensated for such additional services on terms to be agreed upon between
such party and us from time to time. 

We have a Cash Management Agreement with
Pillar that provides that all of our funds are delivered to Pillar which has a deposit liability to us and is responsible for payment
of all payables and investment of all excess funds which earn interest at the Wall Street Journal prime rate plus 1.0 per
annum, as set quarterly on the first day of each calendar quarter. Borrowings for our benefit bear the same interest rate. The
term of the Cash Management Agreement is coterminous with the Advisory Agreement, and is automatically renewed each year unless
terminated with the Advisory Agreement. We believe that the terms of the Advisory Agreement are at least as fair as could be obtained
from unaffiliated third parties. 

Situations may develop in which our interests
are in conflict with those of one or more directors or officers in their individual capacities, or of Pillar, or of their respective
related parties. In addition to services performed for us, as described above, Pillar actively provides similar services as agent
for, and advisor to, other real estate enterprises, including persons and entities involved in real estate development and financing,
including ARL and TCI. The Advisory Agreement provides that Pillar may also serve as advisor to other entities. 

As advisor, Pillar is a fiduciary of our
public investors. In determining to which entity a particular investment opportunity will be allocated, Pillar will consider the
respective investment objectives of each entity and the appropriateness of a particular investment in light of each such entity s
existing mortgage note and real estate portfolios and business plan. To the extent any particular investment opportunity is appropriate
to more than one such entity, such investment opportunity will be allocated to the entity that has had funds available for investment
for the longest period of time, or, if appropriate, the investment may be shared among various entities. Refer to Part III, Item 13
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 

Pillar may assign the Advisory Agreement
only with our prior consent. 

The principal executive officers and directors
of Pillar are set forth below: 

Name 
 
 Officers 
 
 Bradley J. Muth 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Erik L. Johnson 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Louis J. Corna 
 
 Executive Vice President and Secretary 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

We have no employees, payroll or benefit
plans and pay no compensation to our executive officers. Our executive officers are also officers and employees of Pillar, our
Advisor, and are compensated by Pillar. Such executive officers perform a variety of services for Pillar and the amount of their
compensation is determined solely by Pillar. Pillar does not allocate the cash compensation of its officers among the various entities
for which it serves as advisor. Refer to Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance for
a more detailed discussion of the compensation payable to Pillar by us. 

The only remuneration paid by us is to
our directors who are not officers or employees of Pillar or its related companies. The Independent Directors (1) review our
business plan to determine that it is in the best interest of our stockholders, (2) review the advisory contract, (3) supervise
the performance of the advisor and review the reasonableness of the compensation paid to the advisor in terms of the nature and
quality of services performed, (4) review the reasonableness of our total fees and expenses and (5) select, when necessary,
a qualified independent real estate appraiser to appraise properties acquired. 

31 

Except for Henry A. Butler, who is paid a
fee per meeting attended, each non-affiliated Director is entitled to receive an annual retainer of 5,000, with the Chairman of the
Audit Committee to receive a one-time annual fee of 500. Directors who are also employees of the Company or its advisor receive no
additional compensation for service as a Director. 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, 17,930 was paid to non-employee Directors in total Directors fees. The fees paid to the directors are as follows: Henry
A. Butler 2,430; Robert A. Jakuszewski, 5,000; Ted R. Munselle, 5,500 and Raymond D. Roberts, Sr., 5,000. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners 

The following table
sets forth the ownership of our common stock, both beneficially and of record, both individually and in the aggregate, for those
persons or entities known to be beneficial owners of more than 5.0 of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of the close
of business on March 22, 2023. 

Amount and 

 Nature of 

 Beneficial 

 Ownership 

Approximate 
Percent 

 of Class 

Transcontinental Realty Investors, Inc. 
 
 3,381,570 
 
 81.1 
 
 1603 LBJ Freeway, Suite 800 

Dallas, Texas 75234 

Beneficial Ownership means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security or investment
power with respect to a security, or any combination thereof. 

Percentage is based upon 4,168,414 shares of Common stock outstanding at March 22, 2023. 

Security
Ownership of Management. 

The following table sets forth the ownership
of our common stock, both beneficially and of record, both individually and in the aggregate, for our directors and executive officers
as of the close of business on March 22, 2023. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 

Amount and 

 Nature of 

 Beneficial 

 Ownership 

Approximate 

 Percent of Class 

Henry A. Butler 

Louis J. Corna 

Robert A. Jakuszewski 

Erik L. Johnson 

Ted R. Munselle 

Bradley J. Muth 

Raymond D. Roberts, Sr. 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a group (7 individuals) 

Beneficial Ownership means the sole power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security
or investment power with respect to a security, or any combination thereof. 

Percentages are based upon 4,168,414 shares of Common Stock
outstanding at March 22, 2023. 

32 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Policies with Respect
to Certain Activities 

Article 14 of our Articles of Incorporation
provides that we shall not, directly or indirectly, contract or engage in any transaction with (1) any director, officer or
employee of the Company, (2) any director, officer or employee of the advisor, (3) the advisor, or (4) any affiliate
or associate (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act of any of the aforementioned persons, unless (a) the
material facts as to the relationship among or financial interest of the relevant individuals or persons and as to the contract
or transaction are disclosed to or are known by our Board of Directors or the appropriate committee thereof and (b)our Board of
Directors or committee thereof determines that such contract or transaction is fair to the Company and simultaneously authorizes
or ratifies such contract or transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of our independent directors entitled to vote thereon. 

Article 14 defines an Independent
Director (for purposes of that Article) as one who is neither an officer or employee of the Company, nor a director, officer
or employee of our advisor. 

Our policy is to have such contracts or
transactions approved or ratified by a majority of the disinterested Directors with full knowledge of the character of such transactions,
as being fair and reasonable to the stockholders at the time of such approval or ratification under the circumstances then prevailing.
Such Directors also consider the fairness of such transactions to the Company. We believes that, to date, such transactions have
represented the best investments available at the time and they were at least as advantageous to us as other investments that could
have been obtained. 

We may enter into future transactions with
entities, the officers, directors, or stockholders of which are also officers, directors, or stockholders of the Company, if such
transactions would be beneficial to our operations and consistent with our then-current investment objectives and policies, subject
to approval by a majority of disinterested Directors as discussed above. 

We do not prohibit its officers, directors,
stockholders, or related parties from engaging in business activities of the types conducted by the Company. 

Certain Business Relationships 

Pillar has been our Advisor and Cash Manager
since April 30, 2011. Although the Board of Directors is directly responsible for managing our affairs, and for setting the
policies which guide it, our day-to-day operations are performed by Pillar, as the contractual advisor, under the supervision of
the Board. Pillar s duties include, but are not limited to, locating, evaluating and recommending real estate and real
estate-related investment opportunities and arranging debt and equity financing for the Company with third party lenders and investors. 
Additionally, Pillar serves as a consultant to the Board with regard to their decisions in connection with our business plan and
investment policy. Pillar also serves as an Advisor and Cash Manager to ARL and IOR. As the contractual advisor, Pillar
is compensated under an Advisory Agreement that is more fully described in Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance The Advisor . We have no employees and as such, employees of Pillar render
services to us in accordance with the terms of the Advisory Agreement. 

Pillar is owned by Realty Advisors, LLC,
which is owned by RAI, which is owned by MRHI, which is owned by the May Trust. 

All of our direct ors
also serve as Directors of ARL and TCI . Our executive officers also serve as executive
officers of TCI . As such, they owe fiduciary duties to that entity as well as to Pillar
under applicable law. TCI has the same relationship with Pillar, as does the Company.

At December 31, 2022, TCI owned approximately
81.1 of the outstanding common shares of IOR. 

We are part of a tax sharing and compensating
agreement with respect to federal income taxes among ARL, TCI and IOR and their subsidiaries. In accordance with the agreement,
o ur expense (benefit) in each year is calculated based on the amount of losses absorbed by
taxable income multiplied by the maximum statutory tax rate of 21 . 

We have a development agreement with Unified
Housing Foundation, Inc. UHF a non-profit corporation that provides management services for the development of residential
apartment projects in the future. We have also invested in surplus cash notes receivables from UHF and have sold several residential
apartment properties to UHF in prior years. Due to this ongoing relationship and the significant investment in the performance
of the collateral secured under the notes receivable, UHF has been determined to be a related party. 

33 

Related Party Transactions 

The Company has historically engaged in
and may continue to engage in certain business transactions with related parties, including but not limited to asset acquisition
and dispositions. Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s length basis due
to the absence of free market forces that naturally exist in business dealings between two or more unrelated entities. Related
party transactions may not always be favorable to our business and may include terms, conditions and agreements that are not necessarily
beneficial to or in the best interest of our company. 

In
2022, we paid Pillar advisory fees of 1.2 million and cost reimbursements of 0.3 million. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the we had notes and interest receivables of 11.2 million and 0.7 million, respectively, due from
related parties. Refer to Part 2, Item 8. Note 3 Notes Receivable of our consolidated financial statements. During the
current period, we recognized interest income of 1.0 million and received 0.0 million principal payments from these related party
notes receivables. 

From
time to time, we have made advances and/or borrowing to/from other related parties, which generally have not had specific repayment
terms, did not bear interest, are unsecured, and have been reflected our financial statements as other assets or other liabilities.
We charge interest on the outstanding balance of funds advanced from us. The interest rate, set at the beginning of each quarter,
is the prime rate plus 1.0 on the average daily cash balances advanced. At December 31, 2022, we had a receivable from
related parties of 100.1 million. 

Director Independence 

See Determination of Director Independence 
under Item 10 above to which reference is made. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

For the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, we were billed by Swalm Associates, P.C. for services in the following categories: 

Audit Fees. Fees for audit services were
 37,750 and 45,135 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These are fees for professional services
performed by the principal auditor for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and review of financial statements
included in the Company s 10-Q filings and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory
filing or engagement. 

Audit-Related Fees. No fees for audit-related
services were paid for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These are fees for assurance and related services
performed by the principal auditor that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s
financial statements. These services include attestations by the principal auditor that are not required by statute or regulation
and consulting on financial accounting/reporting standards. 

Tax Fees. No fees for tax services were
paid for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.. These are fees for professional services performed
by the principal auditor with respect to tax compliance, tax planning, tax consultation, returns preparation and review of returns. 

All Other Fees. No other fees were paid
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These are fees for other permissible work performed by the principal auditor
that do not meet the above category descriptions. 

All services rendered by the principal
auditors are permissible under applicable laws and regulations and were pre-approved by either the Board of Directors or the Audit
Committee, as required by law. The fees paid to the principal auditors for the services described in the above table fall under
the categories listed below: 

These services are actively monitored (as
to both spending level and work content) by the Audit Committee to maintain the appropriate objectivity and independence in the
principal auditor s core work, which is the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

The Audit Committee has established policies
and procedures for the approval and pre-approval of audit services and permitted non-audit services. The Audit Committee has the
responsibility to engage and terminate our independent auditors, to pre-approve their performance of audit services and permitted
non-audit services, to approve all audit and non-audit fees, and to set guidelines for permitted non-audit services and fees. All
fees for December 31, 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee or were within the pre-approved guidelines for
permitted non-audit services and fees established by the Audit Committee, and there were no instances of waiver of approved requirements
or guidelines during the same periods. 

34 

Our Audit Committee has adopted a pre-approval
policy of audit and non-audit services (the Policy ), which sets forth the procedures and conditions pursuant to which
services to be performed by the independent auditor are to be pre-approved. Consistent with the SEC rules establishing two different
approaches to pre-approving non-prohibited services, the Policy of the Audit Committee covers Pre-approval of audit services, audit-related
services, international administration tax services, non-U.S. income tax compliance services, pension and benefit plan consulting
and compliance services, and U.S. tax compliance and planning. At the beginning of each fiscal year, the Audit Committee will evaluate
other known potential engagements of the independent auditor, including the scope of work proposed to be performed and the proposed
fees, and will approve or reject each service, taking into account whether services are permissible under applicable law and the
possible impact of each non-audit service on the independent auditor s independence from management. Typically, in addition
to the generally pre-approved services, other services would include due diligence for an acquisition that may or may not have
been known at the beginning of the year. The Audit Committee has also delegated to any member of the Audit Committee designated
by the Board or the financial expert member of the Audit Committee responsibilities to pre-approve services to be performed by
the independent auditor not exceeding 25,000 in value or cost per engagement of audit and non-audit services, and such authority
may only be exercised when the Audit Committee is not in session. 

35 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

a. Financial Statements 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firms 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years
Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity
for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years
Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

 Notes to Financial Statements 

b. Financial Statement Schedules 

Schedule IV Mortgage Loan Receivables on Real
Estate 

c. Exhibits 

36 

The following documents are filed as Exhibits
to this Report: 

3.1 
 Certificate of Restatement of Articles of Incorporation of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc., dated August 3, 2000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.0 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2000). 

3.2 
 Certificate of Correction of Restated Articles of Incorporation of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc., dated August 29, 2000 (incorporate by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2000). 

3.3 
 Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. decreasing the number of authorized shares of and eliminating Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock dated August 26, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003). 

3.4 
 Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. decreasing the number of authorized shares of and eliminating Series I Cumulative Preferred Stock dated October 1, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003). 

3.5 
 By-laws of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed on December 30, 1999). 

4.1 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Relative Participating or Optional or Other Special Rights, and Qualifications, Limitations or Restrictions Thereof of Series F Redeemable Preferred Stock of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc., dated June 11, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001). 

4.2 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Preferred Stock, Decreasing the Number of Authorized Shares of and Eliminating Series F Redeemable Preferred Stock, dated June 18, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.0 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002). 

4.3 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of the Series I Cumulative Preferred Stock of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc., dated February 3, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002). 

4.4 
 Certificate of Designation for Nevada Profit Corporations designating the Series J 8 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock as filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on March 16, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Registrant current report on Form 8-K for event of March 16, 2006). 

10.1 
 Advisory Agreement between Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. and Pillar Income Asset Management, LLC, dated April 30, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.0 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 30, 2011). 

10.2 
 Second Amendment to Modification of Stipulation of Settlement dated October 17, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, dated February 24, 2002). 

14.0 
 Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.0 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004). 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant . 

31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by Principal Executive and Financial Officer. 

37 

32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Optional and not included herein. 

38 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc . 

Dated: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ ERIK L. JOHNSON 

Erik L. Johnson 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ HENRY A. BUTLER 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Henry A. Butler 

/s/ ROBERT A. JAKUSZEWSKI 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Robert A. Jakuszewski 

/s/ TED R. MUNSELLE 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Ted R. Munselle 

/s/ RAYMOND D. ROBERTS, SR. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Raymond D. Roberts, Sr. 

/s/ BRADLEY J. MUTH 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Bradley J. Muth 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ ERIK L. JOHNSON 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Erik L. Johnson 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

39 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

INCOME OPPORTUNITY REALTY INVESTORS, INC. 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

The following is a list of all subsidiaries and
partnership interests of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc., as of December 31, 2022: 

IM
 Manager, LLC 
 
 IORI
 Minerals, Inc. 
 
 Nakash
 Income Associates 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. 10-K 

 EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Bradley J. Muth, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluations; and 

(d) Disclosed in the report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on the most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ BRADLEY J. MUTH 

Bradley J. Muth 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. 10-K 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Erik L. Johnson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluations; and 

(d) Disclosed in the report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ ERIK L. JOHNSON 

Erik L. Johnson 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICERS

Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc. 10-K 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Income Opportunity Realty
Investors, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Bradley J. Muth and Erik L. Johnson, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ BRADLEY J. MUTH 

Bradley J. Muth 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ ERIK L. JOHNSON 

Erik L. Johnson 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ior-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ior-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ior-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ior-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

