<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1535955_0001493152-23-007178.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8096065</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>476446</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1592866</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2692521</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1392246</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1700089</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007178.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310083103
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007178
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lipocine Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001535955
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				990370688
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36357
		FILM NUMBER:		23721713

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		675 ARAPEEN DRIVE, SUITE 202
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			X1
		ZIP:			84108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801 994 7383

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		675 ARAPEEN DRIVE, SUITE 202
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			X1
		ZIP:			84108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MARATHON BAR CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007178.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 

o r 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For
 the transition period from ____ to ____ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 
 , 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip
 Code) 

- 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act.
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. : No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 220.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

Outstanding
Shares 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was million as of June 30, 2022. For purposes
of calculating the aggregate market value of shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates as set forth on the cover page of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have assumed that all outstanding shares are held by non-affiliates, except for shares held by each of
our executive officers, directors and 10 or greater stockholders. However, this assumption should not be deemed to constitute an admission
that all executive officers, directors and 10 or greater stockholders are, in fact, affiliates of our company, or that there are not
other persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of our company. Further information concerning shareholdings of our officers, directors
and principal stockholders is included or incorporated by reference in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

As
of March 7, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 53 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 53 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 53 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 54 

Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 54 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 54 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 64 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 65 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 95 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 95 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 95 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 96 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 97 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 100 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 105 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 107 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 108 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 108 

Item 16. 
 10-K Summary 
 111 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

THIS
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, IN PARTICULAR ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATION, AND ITEM 1. BUSINESS, CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 27A OF THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 21E OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, that involve risks and uncertainties.
Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that
does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements may refer to such matters as products, product
benefits, pre-clinical and clinical development timelines, clinical and regulatory expectations and plans, REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS AND
REQUIREMENTS, THE RECEIPT OF REGULATORY APPROVALS, THE EXPECTATIONS FOR AND RESULTS OF CLINICAL TRIALS, PATIENT ACCEPTANCE OF LIPOCINE S
PRODUCTS, MANUFACTURING AND COMMERCIALIZATION OF LIPOCINE S PRODUCTS, anticipated financial performance, future revenues or earnings,
business prospects, projected ventures, new products and services, anticipated market performance, future expectations for liquidity
and capital resources needs and similar matters. Such words as may , will , expect , continue ,
 estimate , project , intend , and potential and similar terms and expressions are
intended to identify forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results
may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Except as required by applicable
law, we assume no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. 

There
are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others,
the risks, uncertainties and factors set forth in Risk Factors, and the following risks, uncertainties and factors: 

our
 and our licensee s plans to develop and commercialize any future product candidates; 

our
 ongoing and planned clinical trials; 

the
 timing of and our ability to obtain regulatory approvals or fast track or orphan drug designation, breakthrough designation or IND
 clearance for any future product candidates; 

our
 ability to monetize non-core product candidates; 

our
 estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

the
 rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of any future product candidates, if approved; 

significant
 competition in our industry; 

our
 intellectual property position; 

loss
 of key members of management; 

failure
 to successfully execute our strategy; and 

our
 failure to maintain effective internal controls. 

There
may be other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including factors disclosed
in Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 

We
caution you that the risks, uncertainties and other factors referred to above may not contain all of the risks, uncertainties and other
factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results, benefits or developments that
we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our business in
the way expected. All forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K apply only as of the date made and are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. BUSINESS 

General

Lipocine
Inc. Lipocine or the Company was originally incorporated on June 19, 1997, under the laws of the State
of Delaware. 

We
are a biopharmaceutical company focused on leveraging our proprietary Lip ral platform to develop differentiated products through
the oral delivery of previously difficult to deliver molecules, focused on treating Central Nervous System CNS disorders.
Our proprietary delivery technologies are designed to improve patient compliance and safety through orally available treatment options.
Our primary development programs are based on oral delivery solutions for poorly bioavailable drugs. We have a portfolio of differentiated
innovative product candidates that target high unmet needs for neurological and psychiatric CNS disorders, liver diseases, and hormone
supplementation for men and women. 

We
entered into a license agreement for the development and commercialization of our product candidate, TLANDO , an oral
testosterone replacement therapy TRT comprised of testosterone undecanoate TU ). TLANDO is a
registered trademark assigned to Antares. On October 14, 2021, we entered into the license agreement (the Antares License
Agreement with Antares Pharma, Inc. Antares or our Licensee ), pursuant to which we granted to
Antares an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable right and license to develop and commercialize, upon final approval of TLANDO
from the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA ), the TLANDO product for TRT in the U.S. Any FDA required
post-marketing studies will also be the responsibility of our licensee, Antares. On March 28, 2022, approval was received from the
FDA for TLANDO as a TRT in adult males for conditions associated with a deficiency of endogenous testosterone, also known as
hypogonadism. On May 24, 2022, Halozyme Therapeutics Halozyme completed an acquisition of Antares Pharma Inc.
through a merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of Halozyme with and into Antares, with Antares continuing as the surviving
corporation and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Halozyme. On June 7, 2022, Halozyme announced the commercial launch of TLANDO,
an oral treatment indicated for TRT in adult males for conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone
(primary or hypogonadotropic hypogonadism). 

Additional
clinical development pipeline candidates include: LPCN 1154 for postpartum depression PPD LPCN 2101 for epilepsy; and
LPCN 1148 comprising a novel prodrug of testosterone, testosterone laurate TL ), for the management of decompensated cirrhosis.
In addition to our CNS product candidates, we have non-core assets for which we expect to seek partnerships to enable further development
which we do not plan to devote significant resources to developing in the future without a partnership or out licensing agreement. These
non-core assets include LPCN 1148 which we intend to explore partnering once completion of the Phase 2 study is complete, LPCN 1144,
an oral prodrug of androgen receptor modulator for the treatment of non-cirrhotic non-alcoholic steatohepatitis NASH which has completed Phase 2 testing; LPCN 1111, a next generation oral TRT product comprised of testosterone tridecanoate TT with the potential for once daily dosing which has completed Phase 2 testing; and LPCN 1107, potentially the first oral hydroxy progesterone
caproate HPC product indicated for the prevention of recurrent preterm birth PTB ), which has completed
a dose finding clinical study in pregnant women and has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA. 

4 

The
following charts summarize the status of our product candidate development programs: 

Corporate
Strategy 

Our
goal is to become a leading biopharmaceutical company focused on leveraging our proprietary Lip ral drug delivery technology platform
to develop differentiated products through oral delivery of previously difficult to deliver molecules for CNS disorders. The key components
of our strategy are to: 

5 

Advance
LPCN 1154 and other CNS product candidates. We intend to focus on the development of endogenous neuroactive steroids NAS which have broad applicability in treating various CNS conditions where we can leverage our technology platform to develop highly differentiated
oral therapeutics. Our priority is on the development of LPCN 1154, a fast-acting oral antidepressant for postpartum depression PPD with potential for outpatient use. 

Support
our licensee in commercialization of our licensed oral TRT option . We believe the TRT market needs a differentiated, convenient oral
option. We have exclusively licensed rights to TLANDO to Antares for commercialization of TLANDO in the US. We plan to support our licensee s
efforts to effectively enable the availability of TLANDO to patients in a timely manner, in addition to receiving milestone and royalty
payments associated with TLANDO commercialization as agreed to in the Antares License Agreement. 

Develop
partnership(s) to continue the advancement of non-core pipeline assets . We continuously strive to prioritize our resources in seeking
partnerships of our pipeline assets. We are currently exploring partnering (i) LPCN 1144, our candidate for treatment of non-cirrhotic
NASH, (ii) LPCN 1148, for the management of decompensated cirrhosis, (iii) LPCN 1111, a once-a-day therapy candidate for
TRT, and (iv) LPCN 1107, our candidate for prevention of pre-term birth. We are also exploring the possibility of licensing LPCN 1021
(known as TLANDO in the United States) to third parties outside the United States, although no licensing agreement has been entered into
by the Company. 

Our
Development Pipeline Product Candidates 

Our
pipeline of clinical development candidates includes LPCN 1154 for postpartum depression PPD ), LPCN 2101 for epilepsy,
and LPCN 1148, an androgen therapy for the management of cirrhosis. We will continue to explore other product development candidates
targeting CNS indications with a significant unmet need. We will also continue efforts to enter into partnership arrangements for the
continued development and/or marketing of LPCN 1144, LPCN 1148, LPCN 1111, LPCN 1107 and TLANDO outside of the United States. 

Our
products are based on our proprietary Lip ral drug delivery technology platform. Lip ral-based TLANDO was approved in March
2022. Lip ral technology is a patented technology based on lipidic compositions which form an optimal dispersed phase in the gastrointestinal
environment for improved absorption of insoluble drugs. The drug loaded dispersed phase presents the solubilized drug efficiently at
the absorption site (gastrointestinal tract membrane) thus improving the absorption process and making the drug less dependent on physiological
variables such as dilution, gastro-intestinal pH and food effects for absorption. Lip ral-based formulation enables improved solubilization
and higher drug-loading capacity, which can lead to improved bioavailability, reduced dose, faster and more consistent absorption, reduced
variability, reduced sensitivity to food effects, improved patient compliance, and targeted lymphatic delivery where appropriate. 

Oral
Programs for CNS Disorders 

Some
preferred endogenous or naturally occurring NAS present in central nervous system act as positive allosteric modulators PAM of the GABA A receptor, the major biological target of the inhibitory neurotransmitter -aminobutyric acid GABA A ).
To improve oral delivery of these modulators, several synthetic NAS derivatives of endogenous GABA A receptor PAMs, have been
developed for therapeutic use in the past few decades. 

We
believe through utilization of our proprietary technology we may have the ability to enable effective oral delivery of endogenous GABA A
 receptor PAMs which historically had been deemed to be not orally bioavailable. As a novel drug class, NAS have received considerable
attention because of their potential to treat various neuropsychiatric conditions including depression, movement disorders, epilepsy,
anxiety, and neurodegenerative diseases. We have conducted Phase 1 pharmacokinetic PK studies for each of our two lead
NAS candidates which have demonstrated promising PK results, safety, and tolerability and we are evaluating additional undisclosed CNS-focused
candidates. 

LPCN
1154: Product Candidate for PPD 

Our
most advanced NAS candidate is LPCN 1154, a non-invasive, oral formulation of the neuroactive steroid brexanolone which we are developing
for the treatment of PPD. The FDA recently agreed with our proposal for establishing the efficacy of LPCN 1154 through a pivotal PK bridge
to an approved IV infusion brexanolone via a 505(b)(2) NDA filing. Based on feedback from the FDA, the company has initiated a pilot
PK bridge study of LPCN 1154, a prelude to a pivotal study required for NDA filing, and results from the pilot PK bridge study are expected
in the first half of 2023. We have previously completed an oral PK study and a food effect study with LPCN 1154. 

6 

PPD 

PPD Postpartum depression ), a type of major depressive disorder with onset either during pregnancy or within four weeks of
delivery, refers to depression persisting up to 12 months after childbirth. PPD can be clinically segmented by the severity of symptoms
and presence of a comorbidity, including epilepsy. Approximately 1 in 8 mothers suffers from PPD in the United States alone; this equates
to approximately 500,000 women being affected by PPD annually. 

Disease
Overview - PPD 

PPD
 is distinct from the baby blues, a condition that up to 70 of all new mother s experience; baby blues 
 tend to be short-lived emotional conditions that do not interfere with daily activities. 

Symptoms
 of PPD include hallmarks of major depression, including, but not limited to, sadness, depressed mood, loss of interest, change in
 appetite, insomnia, sleeping too much, fatigue, difficulty thinking/concentrating, excessive crying, fear of harming the baby/oneself,
 and/or thoughts of death or suicide. 

During
 pregnancy, levels of endogenous NAS increase considerably along with levels of progesterone; however, they drop sharply postpartum.
 It has been hypothesized that the rapid perinatal decrease in circulating levels of endogenous NASs may be involved in the development
 of PPD. The first and only approved treatment option for PPD is an injectable containing endogenous NAS. 

Depression
 may persist long after child delivery. Additionally, approximately 40 of women relapse in subsequent pregnancies or on other occasions. 

Psychiatric
 comorbidities are common in patients with epilepsy. Patients with epilepsy are at high risk for major depressive disorders and PPD.
 Reported PPD rates are higher among women with epilepsy than the general population. 

Associated
Risk Factors 

Genetic:
 family history and/or previous experience of depression or other mood disorders 

Physiological:
 rapid changes in sex hormones, stress hormones, and thyroid hormone levels during and after delivery 

Environmental:
 stressful life events, changes in relationships at home and at work, and/or lack of familial support 

Unmet
Medical Need 

We
believe there is considerable unmet need within women with PPD due to lack of convenient and fast-acting oral therapies. Selective Serotonin
Reuptake Inhibitors SSRIs have been the traditional first-line choice for women with severe PPD requiring weeks for onset
of efficacy; therefore, a need for an oral treatment option with a faster onset of action remains a significant unmet need in treating
PPD, especially in women with epilepsy risk wherein psychiatric comorbidity is common and PPD rates are higher than the general population. 

Injectable brexanolone (Zulresso , Sage Therapeutics) became the first FDA-approved treatment for postpartum depression. However, numerous
factors limit the utilization of injectable brexanolone such as method of administration, cost, and safety concerns. Administration of
injectable brexanolone requires a 60-hour continuous infusion in a supervised medical setting, a demanding ask for a mother with a newborn.
Besides associated privacy concerns and social stigma, inpatient treatment may also require separation of the mother and child for a few
days, which may be difficult to the already strained mother-infant bond and may present breast feeding challenges. Moreover, the pharmacotherapy
costs coupled with inpatient treatment/childcare costs limits its accessibility and affordability to women most in need of the therapy.
Finally, due to concerns about the safety of injectable Zulresso including excessive sedation or loss of consciousness, Zulresso has a
Black Box Warning in its label and is only available through a restricted distribution program (REMS), and sites need significant time
to become treatment ready. 

We believe LPCN 1154 targets the unmet need for a convenient oral treatment with faster onset of action or rapid relief. 

7 

LPCN
2101: NAS for Epilepsy 

We
are currently evaluating an additional NAS candidate, LPCN 2101, for women with epilepsy WWE ). We have completed pre-clinical
and Phase 1 studies for LPCN 2101 which demonstrated promising PK results, safety and tolerability. In July 2022 our IND was accepted
by the FDA for LPCN 2101 for adults with epilepsy and we plan to initiate a Phase 2 IND opening proof-of-concept study to evaluate the
safety, tolerability, and efficacy of LPCN 2101 in 2023 subject to the availability of additional resources. 

Disease
Overview Epilepsy 

Epilepsy
is defined by the 1) occurrence of at least two unprovoked seizures more than 24 hours apart, 2) occurrence of one unprovoked seizure
and a probability of further seizures occurring over the next 10 years, and/or 3) diagnosis of an epilepsy syndrome. Patients with epilepsy
are more likely to be comorbid with other conditions, including depression and anxiety. 

Patients
with epilepsy have increased risk of mortality due to direct effects of seizures (e.g., status epilepticus, car accidents) and indirect
effects of seizures (e.g., suicide, cardiovascular effects.) 

Epilepsy
is a disorder of the brain that causes seizures, affecting the physical, mental, and social well-being of persons, and is associated
with a 2 to 3 times greater mortality rate compared with the general population. About 60-65 of epilepsy is idiopathic and about 30 
of patients are refractory (i.e., epilepsy not well managed with currently available Anti-Seizure Medications ASMs ). Epilepsy
is the most common neurological disorder during pregnancy. 

It
is estimated that approximately 900,000 child-bearing CB age women suffer from active epilepsy in the U.S. Women of CB
age with epilepsy face many additional challenges due to hormonal influences on seizure activity and endocrine function throughout the
different phases of their reproductive cycles. Elevated estrogen or decreased progesterone levels can exacerbate seizure frequency. Often,
these women experience hormonal and endogenous NAS imbalances, coupled with fluctuations in the blood levels of ASMs that impact control
of seizures, efficacy of oral contraceptives, any coexisting anxiety and/or depression and any associated sleep impairment. Epileptic
patients are 5-20 times more likely to develop depression. 

Clinical
segmentation can be categorized by epilepsy type, comorbidities and patient subgroups. Categorization of focal epilepsy, generalized
epilepsy, combined focal and generalized epilepsy, and unknown epilepsy can guide the choice of ASM. Special patient subgroups, including
WWE of CB age and elderly patients, require special care and management of epilepsy. Comorbidities such as depression and anxiety may
be co-treated with therapies that do not aggravate seizures and have no drug interaction with the ASM used for epilepsy. While lowest
effective dose and monotherapy are preferred, management of patients with epilepsy is focused on controlling seizures, avoiding adverse
events, and maintaining quality of life. Despite a wide range of ASMs available, about 30 of all people with epilepsy still fail to
respond to treatment effectively. Women with epilepsy face specific challenges throughout their lifespan because of seizures, ASMs, and
hormonal fluctuations. 

Women
with epilepsy were once counseled to avoid pregnancy, but epilepsy is no longer considered a contraindication to pregnancy. Caregivers
for WWE in the preconception phase either intending to start a family (planning pregnancy) or using contraception to prevent an unplanned
pregnancy face significant challenges to balance seizure control efficacy with the selection and dosage of ASMs and ASM-related risks
such as, among other risks, fetal-neonatal toxicity, contraception failure, and psychiatric side effects. 

Several
ASMs are known to have teratogenic effects on the developing fetus (converging evidence from registry studies indicates that teratogenic
risks are highest with valproate, followed by carbamazepine and topiramate). Other commonly prescribed ASMs, including older generation
agents, such as phenobarbital and phenytoin, have been associated with higher risks as compared with lamotrigine, levetiracetam, clonazepam
and gabapentin (Vajda et al., 2014; Voinescu and Pennell, 2015). Moreover, risks associated with ASMs are considerable early in pregnancy;
therefore, it is necessary that WWE of CB age undergo counseling, monitoring, and adjustment to the most appropriate ASM prior to becoming
pregnant. It is preferable that WWE of CB age discuss seizure control with their doctor for at least 6 months before conception and,
if possible, cease ASM therapy or use the lowest effective dose of a single anticonvulsant according to the type of epilepsy and the
fetal toxicity of the ASM. Anxiety, depression, lack of adherence to ASM, and/or contraception failure may be experienced by women who
are worried about unplanned pregnancy or are late in confirming pregnancy, planned or unplanned. ASMs can reduce the efficacy of oral
contraceptives, compounding this problem. 

Complex,
multidirectional interactions between female hormones, seizures, and ASMs exist. Most hormones act as NAS and can thus modulate
brain excitability. Any changes in endogenous or exogenous hormone levels can affect the occurrence of seizures, either directly or
via PK interactions that modify the plasma levels of ASMs (Harden, 2008). The PK interactions between oral contraceptives and ASMs
are bidirectional (Johnston and Crawford, 2014). The efficacy of hormonal contraception may be diminished for women taking CYP-P450
enzyme inducing ASMs. Epilepsy is not a medical condition in which contraceptives are contraindicated. Contraceptive failure,
possibly related to ASMs, may be responsible for up to 1 in 4 unplanned pregnancies in WWE (~12.5 of all WWE pregnancies), versus a
rate of 1 in healthy women. 

8 

Unmet
need to treat WWE in CB age 

It
is estimated that approximately 900,000 CB age women suffer from active epilepsy in the U.S. Women of CB age with epilepsy face many
additional challenges such as hormonal influences on seizure activity and endocrine function throughout the different phases of their
reproductive cycles, and approximately 30 of patients with epilepsy cannot be efficiently controlled with available ASMs making consideration
of newer pharmacological treatment development options important. 

Managing
uncontrolled seizures in WWE of CB age is the primary aim during preconception, pregnancy, and postpartum phases. Therefore, uncompromised
ASM efficacy with acceptable variability and less or no drug-drug interactions achieved with lowest possible monotherapy dose to address
fetal toxicity concerns remain highly unmet needs. Moreover, control of seizures including prevention of breakthrough seizures is critical
when planning for pregnancy and also during pregnancy, as it can also lead to undesired falls or auto-accidents and compromise freedom
to drive. 

Select
ASMs have the potential to induce contraception failures, reproductive hormone imbalance, anxiety, and depression. There remains an unmet
need for an ASM without the aforementioned downsides, with no to low fetal-neonatal toxicity and without any breast-feeding concerns
as well as potential to treat associated comorbidities. 

While
over 30 molecules have been approved for the treatment of epilepsy in the U.S., no epilepsy drug has been specifically approved for WWE
of CB age. We believe our endogenous NASs as GABA A PAMs, while targeting the goal of seizure control, also have the potential
for additional benefits in psychiatric disorders comorbidities (e.g., anxiety and/or depression) and sleep impairment. Moreover, these
oral endogenous NAS could potentially address some of the fetal toxicity concerns related to unplanned or planned pregnancy in WWE. (1) 

(1) 
 Ref:
 S.Bangar et al. Functional Neurology 2016; 31(3): 127-134; Reimers et al. Seizure. 2015 May; 28: 66-70. 

LPCN
1148: Oral Product Candidate for the Management of Decompensated Cirrhosis 

We
are currently evaluating LPCN 1148 comprising testosterone laurate TL for the management of decompensated cirrhosis.
We believe LPCN 1148 targets unmet needs for subjects with cirrhosis including improvement in the quality of life of patients while on
the liver transplant waiting list, prevention or reduction in the occurrence of new decompensation events such as hepatic encephalopathy HE ), and improvement in post liver transplant survival, including outcomes and costs. 

We
are currently conducting a Phase 2 proof of concept POC study (NCT04874350) in male cirrhotic subjects to evaluate the
therapeutic potential of LPCN 1148 for the management of sarcopenia. The ongoing Phase 2 POC study is a prospective, multi-center, randomized,
placebo-controlled study in male sarcopenic cirrhotic patients. Subjects will be randomized 1:1 to 1 of 2 arms. The treatment arm
is an oral dose of LPCN 1148, and the second arm is a matching placebo. The primary endpoint is change in skeletal muscle index at week
24 with key secondary endpoints including change in liver frailty index, rates of breakthrough HE, and number of waitlist events, including
all-cause mortality. Total treatment is expected to be 52 weeks. Enrollment in the Phase 2 study was completed in the fourth quarter
of 2022 and top-line 24-week results are expected in mid-2023. 

Possible
outcomes of interest from the Phase 2 study include clinical outcomes such as overall survival and new decompensation events (including
HE and/or ascites occurrences), rates of survival to transplant, rates of hospitalizations, infections, etc., muscle changes such as
muscle mass, body composition, myosteatosis (muscle fat), functional capacity changes such as liver frailty index LFI ),
patient reported outcomes PROs ), and biochemical markers including hematocrit for anemia status, albumin, creatinine/kidney
function, etc. 

Disease
Overview Cirrhosis 

There
are over 2 million cases of cirrhosis worldwide, with over 500,000 people living with decompensated cirrhosis in the U.S. and nonalcoholic
fatty liver disease is the most rapidly increasing indication for liver transplant. 62 of those on the liver transplant LT waitlist are male and the economic burden (approximately 812,500/transplant) is high and continues to increase. Each year about half
of the approximately 17,000 people in U.S. on the LT waitlist undergo transplant, while nearly 3,000 patients either die or are removed
from the list because they were too sick to transplant. 

9 

Liver
cirrhosis is defined as the histological development of regenerative nodules surrounded by fibrous bands. Cirrhotic patients typically
have a years-long silent, asymptomatic phase (compensated cirrhosis) until decreasing liver function and increasing portal pressure move
the patient into the symptomatic phase (decompensated cirrhosis). Transition to decompensated cirrhosis is marked by clinical events
including ascites, encephalopathy, jaundice, and/or variceal hemorrhage. Decompensated subjects survive on average less than 2 years.
Common causes of liver cirrhosis include alcoholic liver disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease NAFLD ), chronic hepatitis
B and C, primary biliary cirrhosis PBC ), primary sclerosing cholangitis PSC and cryptogenic. 

Common
complications in cirrhotic patients may include: compromised liver function, portal hypertension, varices in GI tract with internal bleeding,
edema, ascites, hepatic encephalopathy, compromised immunity with post-transplant acute rejection risk, high sodium levels, increased
bilirubin, low albumin level, insulin resistance with impaired peripheral uptake of glucose, depression, accelerated muscle disorder
in the form of sarcopenia, myosteotosis, and frailty with compromised energetics, bone diseases (e.g., osteoporosis), high alkaline phosphatase ALP ), cachexia, malnutrition, weight loss (>5 ), symptoms of hypogonadism such as abnormal hair distribution, anemia,
sexual dysfunction, testicular atrophy, muscle wasting, fatigue, osteoporosis, gynecomastia, inflammation with elevated cytokines, and
infection risk leading to hospital admissions and possibly death. 

HE,
a significant decompensation event in patients with cirrhosis, is a brain dysfunction caused by liver insufficiency and/or portal systemic
shunting. Because the damaged liver cannot function normally (as in cirrhosis), neurotoxins such as ammonia are inadequately removed
from systemic circulation and travel to the brain, where they affect neurotransmission. This can cause episodes of HE, which may present
as alterations in consciousness, cognition, and behavior that range from minimal to severe. Overt HE occurs in 30 to 40 of patients
with cirrhosis at some point during the clinical course of their disease. As the burden of chronic liver disease and cirrhosis is increasing,
the frequency of HE is also increasing. 

Our
Partnership Pipeline Product Candidates 

We
continue to pursue opportunities for partnering arrangements for the continued development and/or marketing of LPCN 1144, LPCN 1148,
LPCN 1111, LPCN 1107 and TLANDO outside of the U.S. We do not currently anticipate conducting any further significant development activities
with respect to these products and product candidates, without the participation of a partner. There can be no guarantee that we will
be able to identify or enter into partnering arrangements on terms that are beneficial to us or at all. Even if we do enter into partnering
arrangements, such arrangements may not be sufficient to successfully develop and commercialize these products. 

TLANDO:
An Oral Product for Testosterone Replacement Therapy 

As
previously described, under the Antares License Agreement, we granted to Antares an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable right and
license to develop and commercialize TLANDO, our product for TRT in the U.S. TLANDO received FDA approval on March 28, 2022. Any FDA
requirement to conduct certain post-marketing studies will be the responsibility of our licensee, Antares. On May 24, 2022, Halozyme
Therapeutics completed an acquisition of Antares Pharma Inc. through a merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of Halozyme with and into
Antares, with Antares continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Halozyme. 

Proof-of-concept
for TLANDO was initially established in 2006, and subsequently TLANDO was licensed in 2009 to Solvay Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which
was then acquired by Abbott Products, Inc. Abbott ). Following a portfolio review associated with the spin-off of
AbbVie Inc. by Abbott in 2011, the rights to TLANDO were reacquired by us. All obligations under the prior license agreement have
been completed except that Lipocine will owe Abbott a perpetual 1 royalty on net sales of TLANDO. Such royalties are limited to 1
million in the first 2 calendar years following product launch, after which period there is no cap on royalties and no maximum
aggregate amount. If generic versions of any such product are introduced, then royalties are reduced by 50 . TLANDO was commercially
launched on June 7, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred royalty expense of approximately 12,000 resulting
from the commercial launch of TLANDO in 2022. 

Under
the Pediatric Research Equity Act PREA ), since TLANDO received full FDA approval, under the Antares Licensing Agreement
Antares will need to address the PREA requirement to assess the safety and effectiveness of TLANDO in pediatric patients. The FDA may
also require certain post-marketing studies to be conducted which will also be the responsibility of our licensee, Antares. 

Upon
execution of the Antares License Agreement, Antares paid us an initial payment of 11.0 million. Antares will also make additional payments
of 5.0 million to us on each of January 1, 2025, and January 1, 2026, provided that certain conditions are satisfied. We are also eligible
to receive milestone payments of up to 160.0 million in the aggregate, depending on the achievement of certain sales milestones in a
single calendar year with respect to products licensed by Antares under the Antares License Agreement. In addition, we will receive tiered
royalty payments at rates ranging from percentages in the mid-teens to up to 20 of net sales of TLANDO in the United States, subject
to certain minimum royalty obligations. Further, on October 14, 2021, we assigned our Manufacturing Agreement, dated August 27, 2013,
by and between the Company and Encap Drug Delivery (the Manufacturing Agreement to Antares as part of the Antares License
Agreement. 

10 

We
are exploring the possibility of licensing LPCN 1021 (known as TLANDO in the United States) to third parties outside the United States,
although no licensing agreement has been entered into by the Company. If and when an agreement is made with a partner, such arrangement
would likely be contingent upon obtaining acceptable cost of goods by securing an agreement with a new manufacturer in addition to obtaining
local regulatory approval. No assurance can be given that any license agreement will be completed, or, if an agreement is completed,
that such an agreement would be on terms favorable to us. 

LPCN
1144: An Oral Prodrug of Bioidentical Testosterone Product Candidate for the Treatment of NASH 

We
are exploring the possibility of partnering LPCN 1144 to a third party, although no partnering agreement has been entered into by the
Company. No assurance can be given that any license agreement will be completed, or, if an agreement is completed, that such an agreement
would be on terms favorable to us. 

Disease
Overview NASH 

NASH
is a more advanced state of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease NAFLD and can progress to a cirrhotic liver or liver failure,
require liver transplant, and can result in hepatocellular carcinoma/ liver cancer, and death. Progression of NASH to end stage liver
disease will soon surpass all other causes of liver failure requiring liver transplantation. Importantly, beyond these critical conditions,
NASH and NAFLD patients additionally suffer heightened cardiovascular risk and, in fact, die more frequently from cardiovascular events
than from liver disease. NAFLD/NASH is becoming more common due to its strong correlation with obesity and metabolic syndrome, including
components of metabolic syndrome such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease and high blood pressure. In the U.S., 20 to 30 of the population is estimated to suffer from NAFLD and 15 to 20 percent of this group progress to NASH, which is a substantially large population
that lacks effective therapy. NASH is a silent killer that affects millions in the U.S. Diagnoses have been on the rise and are expected
to increase dramatically in the next decade. Approximately 50 of NASH patients are in adult males. In men, especially with comorbidities
associated with NAFLD/NASH, testosterone deficiency has been associated with an increased accumulation of visceral adipose tissue and
insulin resistance, which could be factors contributing to NAFLD/NASH. There is currently no approved therapy for the treatment of NASH
although there are several drug candidates currently under development with many having clinical failures to date. 

The
critical pathophysiologic mechanisms underlying the development and progression of NASH include reduced ability to handle lipids, increased
insulin resistance, injury to hepatocytes and liver fibrosis in response to hepatocyte injury. NASH patients have an excessive accumulation
of fat in the liver resulting primarily from a caloric intake above and beyond energy needs. A healthy liver contains less than 5 fat,
but a liver in someone with NASH can contain more than 20 fat. This abnormal liver fat contributes to the progression to NASH, a liver
necro-inflammatory state that can lead to scarring, also known as fibrosis, and, for some, can progress to cirrhosis and liver failure. 

Current
Status 

We
have recently completed the LiFT Phase 2 clinical study in biopsy-confirmed non-cirrhotic NASH subjects. The LiFT clinical study was
a prospective, multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multiple-arm study in biopsy-confirmed hypogonadal and eugonadal
male NASH subjects with grade F1-F3 fibrosis and a target NAFLD Activity Score 4 with a 36-week treatment period. The LiFT clinical
study enrolled 56 biopsy confirmed NASH male subjects. Subjects were randomized 1:1:1 to one of three arms (Treatment A is a twice daily
oral dose of 142 mg testosterone equivalent, Treatment B is a twice daily oral dose of 142 mg testosterone equivalent formulated with
217 mg of d-alpha tocopherol equivalent, and the third arm is twice daily matching placebo). 

The
primary endpoint of the LiFT clinical study was change in hepatic fat fraction via MRI-PDFF and exploratory liver fat/marker end
points post 12 weeks of treatment. Additionally, key secondary endpoints post 36 weeks of treatment included assessment of histological
change for NASH resolution and/or fibrosis improvement (biopsy) as well as liver fat data (MRI-PDFF). The LiFT clinical study
was not powered to assess statistical significance of any of the secondary endpoints. Other important endpoints included the following:
change in liver injury markers, anthropomorphic measurements, lipids, insulin resistance and inflammatory/fibrosis markers; as well as
patient reported outcomes. 

11 

Treatments
with LPCN 1144 post 12 weeks of treatment in the LiFT study resulted in robust liver fat reduction, assessed by MRI-PDFF, and
showed improvement of liver injury markers with no observed tolerability issues. 

Liver
biopsies were performed at baseline BL and after 36 weeks of treatment EOS ). Prespecified biopsy analyses
included NASH Clinical Research Network CRN scoring as well as a continuous paired Paired Technique and
digital technique Digital Technique-Fibronest ). All biopsy analyses were performed on the same slides and the reads for
the 3 techniques were done independently. Analysis sets included the NASH Resolution Set (all subjects that have BL and EOS biopsy
with NASH at BL [NAS 4 with lobular inflammation score 1 and hepatocyte ballooning score 1 at BL] (n=37)), the Biopsy Set
(all subjects with baseline and EOS biopsies (n=44)), and the Safety Set (all randomized subjects (n=56)). 

Both
LPCN 1144 treatment arms met with statistical significance the pre-specified accelerated approval regulatory endpoint of NASH resolution
with no worsening of fibrosis based on NASH CRN scoring. Additionally, both treatment arms showed substantial improvement of the observed
NASH activity in steatosis, inflammation, and ballooning. 

During
the 36 weeks of treatment, LPCN 1144 was well tolerated with an overall safety profile comparable to placebo. Additionally, subjects
were given the option to have access to LPCN 1144 through an open label extension OLE study. The extension study enabled
the collection of additional data on LPCN 1144 for up to a total of 72 weeks of therapy, as well as data for 36 weeks of therapy for
those subjects on placebo in the LiFT study. Key results from the OLE study are as follows: 

LPCN 1144 was well tolerated over 72-week exposure
 with no observed safety signals; 

Liver injury markers were reduced and maintained with
 extended LPCN 1144 treatment; and 

Observed liver histology improvements support further
 development 

In
November 2021, the FDA granted Fast Track Designation to LPCN 1144 as a treatment for non-cirrhotic NASH. The Fast Track program is designed
to accelerate the development and expedite the review of products, such as LPCN 1144, which are intended to treat serious diseases and
for which there is an unmet medical need. 

We
had a written only response from FDA for a LPCN 1144 Type C meeting with the FDA in January 2022 to discuss the development path forward
with LPCN 1144. The FDA acknowledged that the NDA submission of LPCN 1144 would be via 505(b)2 regulatory pathway and agreed that no
additional non-clinical studies are needed to support an NDA submission. The FDA acknowledged that in the LiFT study subjects achieved
improvements in key components associated with NASH histopathology after 36-weeks of treatment with LPCN 1144 in adult males and agreed
that the proposed multicomponent primary surrogate endpoint is acceptable for seeking approval under the accelerated approval pathway.
The FDA agreed that the proposed primary multicomponent surrogate endpoint, NASH resolution with no worsening of fibrosis, is acceptable
for seeking approval under the accelerated approval pathway and the FDA recommended a Phase 3 trial with a study duration of 72 weeks.
In July 2022, Lipocine held an End of Phase 2 meeting with FDA for LPCN 1144 in NASH. The FDA recommended a Phase 2 dose ranging study
be conducted to identify the optimal dose prior to conducting a pivotal study. The FDA agreed to the proposed unique testosterone ester,
testosterone laurate, for future clinical studies. 

LPCN
1111: A Next-Generation Long-Acting Oral Product Candidate for TRT 

We
are in the process of scaling up the manufacturing process and generation of supplies of LPCN 1111 to enable potential partners to conduct
pivotal studies for registration. We are exploring the possibility of partnering LPCN 1111 to a third party, although no partnering agreement
has been entered into by the Company. No assurance can be given that any license agreement will be completed, or, if an agreement is
completed, that such an agreement would be on terms favorable to us. 

LPCN
1111: is a next-generation, novel ester prodrug of testosterone comprised of testosterone tridecanoate TT which uses
our proprietary delivery technology to enhance solubility and improve systemic absorption. We completed a Phase 2b dose finding study
in hypogonadal men in the third quarter of 2016. The primary objectives of the Phase 2b clinical study were to determine the starting
Phase 3 dose of LPCN 1111 along with safety and tolerability of LPCN 1111 and its metabolites following oral administration of single
and multiple doses in hypogonadal men. Good dose-response relationship was observed over the tested dose range in the Phase 2b study.
Additionally, the target Phase 3 dose met primary and secondary end points. Overall, LPCN 1111 was well tolerated with no drug-related
severe or serious adverse events reported in the Phase 2b study. 

12 

In
February 2018 we had a meeting with the FDA to discuss these pre-clinical results and to discuss the Phase 3 clinical study and path
forward for LPCN 1111. Based on the results of the FDA meeting and additional pre-clinical studies conducted after the FDA meeting, we
have proposed a Phase 3 protocol for LPCN 1111 and have solicited FDA feedback. Based on initial FDA feedback, we expect the Phase 3
clinical trial design to follow the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use ICH guidelines and we expect the trial will include at least a 3-month efficacy treatment period and a 1-year safety
component for approximately 100 subjects. We are currently seeking further clarification from FDA with respect to the total subject LPCN
1111 exposure information needed for an NDA filing. We continue to refine the Phase 3 protocol and plan to request FDA approval of the
protocol once it is finalized. Additionally, the FDA previously requested that a food effect and a phlebotomy study be completed, and
that ambulatory blood pressure monitoring ABPM be included as part of the Phase 3 clinical study. We are currently transferring
the manufacturing of LPCN 1111 to a third-party contract manufacturer and scaling up the formulation after which we anticipate the next
steps for a partner developing LPCN 1111 may be to conduct a food effect/phlebotomy study with LPCN 1111. Under the terms of the Antares
License Agreement, Antares had been granted an option to license LPCN 1111, exercisable on or before March 31, 2022, for further development
and, should LPCN 1111 receive FDA approval, commercialization. On April 1, 2022, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the
License Agreement (the Amendment ), pursuant to which the License Agreement was amended to extend the deadline by which
Antares was to exercise its option to license LPCN 1111 to June 30, 2022. As consideration for the Company s agreement to the Amendment,
Antares paid the Company a non-refundable cash fee of 500,000 in April 2022. On June 30, 2022, Antares option to license LPCN
1111 expired and was not exercised. 

LPCN
1107: An Oral Product Candidate for the Prevention of Preterm Birth 

We
are exploring the possibility of partnering LPCN 1107 to a third party, although no partnering agreement has been entered into by the
Company. No assurance can be given that any partnership agreement will be completed, or, if an agreement is completed, that such an agreement
would be on terms favorable to us. 

We
believe LPCN 1107 has the potential to become the first oral hydroxyprogesterone caproate HPC product indicated for the
reduction of risk of PTB (delivery less than 37 weeks) in women with singleton pregnancy who have a history of singleton spontaneous
PTB. Prevention of PTB is a significant unmet need as approximately 11 of all U.S. pregnancies result in PTB, a leading cause of neonatal
mortality and morbidity. 

Current
Status 

We
have completed a multi-dose PK dose selection study in pregnant women. The objective of the multi-dose PK selection study was to
assess HPC blood levels in order to identify the appropriate LPCN 1107 Phase 3 dose. The multi-dose PK dose selection study was an
open-label, 4-period, 4-treatment, randomized, single and multiple dose PK study in pregnant women with 3 dose levels of LPCN 1107
and the IM HPC (Makena ). The study enrolled 12 healthy pregnant women (average age of 27 years) with a gestational age of
approximately 16 to 19 weeks. Subjects received three dose levels of LPCN 1107 (400 mg BID, 600 mg BID, or 800 mg BID) in a
randomized, crossover manner during the first 3 treatment periods and then received 5 weekly injections of HPC during the fourth
treatment period. During each of the LPCN 1107 treatment periods, subjects received a single dose of LPCN 1107 on Day 1 followed by
twice daily administration from Day 2 to Day 8. Following completion of the 3 LPCN 1107 treatment periods and a washout period,
all subjects received 5 weekly injections of HPC. Results from this study demonstrated that average steady state HPC levels
(Cavg0-24) were comparable or higher for all 3 LPCN 1107 doses than for injectable HPC. Additionally, HPC levels as a function
of daily dose were linear for the 3 LPCN 1107 doses. Also, unlike the injectable HPC, steady state exposure was achieved for all
3 LPCN 1107 doses within 7 days. 

A
traditional PK/PD based Phase 2 clinical study in the intended patient population is not expected to be required prior to entering into
Phase 3. Therefore, based on the results of our multi-dose PK study we had an End-of-Phase 2 meeting and subsequent guidance meetings
with the FDA to define a pivotal Phase 2b/3 development plan for LPCN 1107. However, these discussions may be updated based on recent
developments with Covis Makena as described below. We have completed a food effect study to characterize the dosing regimen
for the pivotal study. We plan to submit a pivotal clinical study protocol to the FDA. 

13 

The
FDA has granted orphan drug designation to LPCN 1107 based on a major contribution to patient care. Orphan designation qualifies Lipocine
for various development incentives, including tax credits for qualified clinical testing, and a waiver of the prescription drug user
fee when we file our NDA. 

Recent
Competition Update 

On
October 5, 2020, the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research CDER proposed that Makena be withdrawn from
the market because the PROLONG trial failed to verify the clinical benefit of Makena and concluded that the available evidence does not
show Makena is effective for its approved use. 

CDER
issued AMAG Pharmaceuticals, the NDA holder at the time, a Notice of Opportunity for Hearing NOOH to withdraw approval
of Makena, for which AMAG Pharmaceuticals responded by requesting a hearing and providing detail on the company s position, recognizing
clinicians decade-long use of treatment with Makena and the public health implications of withdrawing approval. The FDA Commissioner
held a public hearing with Covis October 17 through 19, 2022, which resulted in a 14-1 vote recommending removal of the product from
the market. A decision whether to withdraw approval of Makena is likely in the first half of 2023 . During this time, Makena and
the approved generics of Makena have remained on the market pending a final decision about these products by the FDA. 

Currently,
Makena and the approved generics of Makena are the only products approved for the prevention of recurrent preterm birth. 

Research
and Development 

As
disclosed in our development pipeline, we continue to build a diversified multi-asset pipeline of novel therapies. In 2022 and 2021,
we spent 8.6 million and 7.7 million, respectively, on research and development. 

Competition

Neuroactive
Steroids Market overview 

The
unique potential mechanism of action MOA of NAS presents an opportunity to treat variety of CNS disorders. Accordingly,
multiple NAS as GABA A receptor PAMs are in active development for varied indications. Some companies engaged in development
include SAGE Therapeutics, Inc., Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Praxis Precision Medicines, and Eliem Therapeutics. 

Postpartum
Depression 

Sage
Therapeutics is currently marketing an injectable version of an endogenous neuroactive steroid, brexanolone, under the tradename of ZULRESSO ,
as the first and only FDA approved product (approval on 03/19/2019) for treatment in postpartum depression PPD ). 

SAGE
therapeutics is also currently developing an oral synthetic derivative of an endogenous NAS, SAGE-217 (Zuranolone), a GABA A 
receptor PAM, and SAGE submitted an NDA with a PDUFA action date in August 2023. Zuranolone (oral) received Breakthrough Therapy Designation
for the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder MDD in February 2018. 

Marinus
Pharmaceuticals has also reported clinical development of Ganaxolone, a synthetic GABA A receptor PAM in PPD that has been
studied in two Phase 2 trials, one investigating IV +/- oral administration (Magnolia part 1 and 2) and one oral administration (Amaryllis).
Additional assets of the same MOA are indicated for MDD (PRAX-114 and ETX-155) but could be pivoted to a PPD indication. 

Cirrhosis
Market Overview 

Decompensated
cirrhosis patients with sarcopenia exhibit significantly shorter overall survival than those without sarcopenia. There are no therapies
specifically approved for sarcopenia or decompensated cirrhosis. Currently, the only curative therapy for decompensated cirrhosis is
liver transplant; however, liver transplantation is very costly, limited by the supply of available donors, and has a high risk of post-operative
complications. 

14 

Xifaxan 
(rifaximin) is the only FDA-approved medicine indicated for the reduction in risk of overt hepatic encephalopathy (HE) recurrence in
adults, a decompensation event typically associated with liver cirrhosis. 

Currently,
there are no FDA approved drugs to treat secondary sarcopenia in decompensated cirrhosis beyond treatment of the underlying conditions.
Lipocine is a leader in pursuing treatment for subjects with decompensated cirrhosis with sarcopenia, however there are candidates known
to be under development for cirrhosis related indication(s). 

GB
1211 (by Galecto), an oral galectin-3 inhibitor for advanced liver cirrhosis targeted for directly addressing fibrosis, is in Phase 2
development being assessed in patients with moderate-to-severe cirrhosis (Child-Pugh classes B and C) and is anticipated to read out
in the second half of 2022. 

Reformulated
Rifaximin SSD (by BAUSCH health) is in a Phase 3 study for Reduction of Early Decompensation in Cirrhosis with time to first occurrence
of hepatic encephalopathy as the primary endpoint. Reportedly, a new drug application NDA is planned to be submitted
2026. 

Testosterone
Replacement Therapy Market Overview 

The
gel-based testosterone replacement products that are currently available include AbbVie s AndroGel , Lilly s Axiron 
Topical Solution and Endo s Testim and Fortesta along with their respective authorized generics as well as the
equivalent generic versions of each. Transdermal patches include Allergan s Androderm . Intramuscular forms of testosterone
also exist although commercialized mostly in generic forms by multiple companies and in branded form as Aveed by Endo. Additionally,
Endo markets the buccal testosterone replacement therapy Striant and the Testopel implantable testosterone pellets, which it
acquired from Auxillium in 2015. Antares Pharma, Inc. markets a sub-cutaneous weekly auto-injector testosterone therapy, Xyosted .
Acerus Pharmaceuticals markets an intranasal testosterone therapy, NATESTO . Finally, Clarus markets an oral TRT, JATENZO , which
received approval in March 2019. 

Currently,
intramuscular injections have the highest market share in the testosterone replacement market in terms of annual prescriptions. While
gels are also a widely used form of TRT, there is a risk of transference; additionally, the gels are messy to apply and have significant
compliance issues leading to high rates of discontinuance among patients. Additionally, certain intramuscular injections have the potential
to cause pulmonary embolisms as well as cause injection site reactions, scarring, pain and risk of infection in patients. We believe
a safe and effective oral therapy could potentially increase patient convenience and compliance, while eliminating the testosterone transference
risk associated with gels and injection site reaction of injectables. 

The
FDA has granted a therapeutic equivalence rating of AB to generic versions of approved products which have been approved
via a 505(b)(2) NDA. In July 2014, FDA granted the AB rating to Perrigo s 1 testosterone gel drug product (NDA 203098) approved
in January 2013, and a BX rating to Teva s 1 gel drug product (NDA 202763) approved in February 2012. Each are versions of AbbVie s
AndroGel 1.0 and employed 505(b)(2) submissions citing AndroGel as their reference listed drugs. Teva s version was found to be
bioinequivalent to AndroGel, hence the BX rating. Upsher-Smith Laboratories also received approval for a version of Endo s Testim
(Vogelxo NDA 204399) in June 2014 using the same pathway. In January of 2015, the FDA determined that Vogelxo is therapeutically
equivalent to Testim and received an AB rating. In August 2015, the FDA granted AB rating to Perrigo s 1.62 testosterone gel drug
product (NDA 204268) which also received FDA approval in August 2015. Lilly and Acrux s Axiron had patent expiry in February 2017.
On July 6, 2017, Acrux confirmed that a generic version of Axiron Topical Solution, 30 mg/1.5 mL (Testosterone Topical Solution,
30 mg/1.5 mL) has been launched in the United States by Perrigo Company plc. Acrux also confirmed the availability of an authorized generic
version of Axiron in the United States, through a marketing and distribution agreement between Lilly and Company and a leading authorized
generics company 

Other
TRT Therapies in Development 

Recently
there has been increased interest in developing oral TRT s as well as testosterone therapies which are not considered testosterone
replacement and as such will need to achieve efficacy endpoints in addition to endpoints related to serum testosterone levels that are
required for testosterone replacement therapies. 

Marius
is developing an oral TU as a testosterone replacement therapy for the treatment of hypogonadism in men as well as in the treatment of
Constitutional Delay of Growth and Puberty in adolescent boys (14-17 years of age). Marinus submitted a NDA to the FDA in January 2021
for its product, Kyzatrex , its novel oral TU soft gelatin capsule for the treatment of hypogonadism in adult men and received
FDA approval on August 2, 2022 for KYZATREX . 

15 

We
believe there remains a significant unmet need in TRT for a once-a-day convenient oral option. LPCN 1111 is targeted to meet this unmet
need. 

NASH
Market Overview 

There
are currently no medications approved for the treatment of NASH. However, various therapeutics are used off-label for the treatment of
NASH, including vitamin E (an antioxidant), insulin sensitizers (e.g., metformin, pioglitazone), antihyperlipidemic agents (e.g., gemfibrozil),
pentoxifylline and ursodeoxycholic acid. There are several product candidates in Phase 3 or earlier clinical or preclinical development
for the treatment of NASH, including FGF21 stimulants such as BIO89-100 (89bio), Efruxifermin (EFX; Akero Therapeutics), Pegbelfermin
(Bristol Myers Squibb/Ambrx Inc.); FGF19 Analog:Aldafermin (NGM Biopharmaceuticals); FXR Agonists: Tropifexor (Novartis), EDP-305 (Enata
Pharmaceuticals), PXL007/EYP001 (Poxel/Enyo Pharma:) Glucagon-like Peptide-1 (GLP-1) Agonist: Semaglutide (Novo Nordisk); Peroxisome
Proliferator-activated Receptor (PPAR) Regulator: Lanifibranor (Inventiva) ; THR- 
Agonis:t VK2809 (Viking Therapeutics), and Resmetirom (Madrigal Pharmaceuticals). 

Additional
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with product candidates in development for the treatment of NASH include AstraZeneca plc,
Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc., CymaBay Therapeutics, Inc., Durect Corporation,
Galectin Therapeutics Inc., Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Immuron Ltd., Intercept Pharmaceutcials, Inc., Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
Islet Sciences, Inc., Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Inc., MediciNova, Inc., MiNA Therapeutics, NGM Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., Novo Nordisk
A/S, NuSirt Sciences Inc., Viking Therapeutics, Inc. and Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc. In December 2022, Madrigal announced achievement
of liver histological improvement endoints that the FDA proposed as reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit from the pivotal Phase
3 MAESTRO-NASH clinical trial of resmetirom for the treatment of NASH and liver fibrosis. Madrigal stated that they intend to file a
new drug application seeking accelerated approval of resmetirom for the treatment of non-cirrhotic NASH with liver fibrosis. 

Hydroxyprogesterone
caproate, or HPC, Preterm Birth, or PTB, Market Overview 

PTB
is defined as delivery before 37 weeks of gestation. The only approved therapy for prevention of PTB in women with a prior history
of at least one preterm birth (approximately 145,000 pregnancies annually) is a weekly intramuscular injection of HPC, marketed by Covis
under the brand name Makena . The FDA granted a 7-year orphan drug exclusivity to Makena in February 2011 because the product is
intended to treat rare diseases or conditions defined as a condition that affects fewer than 200,000 persons in the United
States; exclusivity expired in February 2018. Generic versions of the intramuscular injection of Makena became available during 2018.
In order to protect market share, Covis also developed a subcutaneous auto-injector for Makena that received FDA approval on February
14, 2018. Treatment with Makena is initiated in pregnant women between week 16 and week 20 of pregnancy and is continued until up to
delivery or week 37, whichever is earlier. The intramuscular injection is administered by a healthcare provider using a 21-gauge needle
into the gluteus muscle, alternating sides each week. The intramuscular injections are associated with significant pain, discomfort and
associated injection site reactions. The subcutaneous auto-injector for Makena eliminates the need to travel weekly to a healthcare provider
to have the injection administered. Covis disclosed that the completed confirmatory trial for Makena did not demonstrate a statistically
significant difference between the treatment and placebo arms for the co-primary endpoints of reducing the risk of recurrent preterm
birth or improving neonatal mortality and morbidity. On October 29, 2019 a Meeting of the Bone, Reproductive and Urologic Drugs Advisory
Committee BRUDAC was held to consider the trial s findings and the sNDA in the context of AMAG Pharmaceuticals 
confirmatory study obligation. While the committee discussed multiple questions, in a mixed vote on the key question, nine advisory committee
members voted to recommend that the FDA pursue withdrawal of approval for Makena and seven committee members voted to leave the product
on the market under accelerated approval and require a new confirmatory trial. Among the clinicians on the advisory committee, five of
the six who practice obstetrics voted to keep Makena on the market and generate more data. On October 5, 2020, the FDA s CDER proposed
that Makena be withdrawn from the market because the PROLONG trial failed to verify the clinical benefit of Makena and concluded that
the available evidence does not show Makena is effective for its approved use. 

CDER
issued AMAG, the NDA holder at the time, a NOOH to withdraw approval of Makena, for which AMAG Pharmaceuticals responded by requesting
a hearing and providing detail on the company s position, recognizing clinicians decade-long use of Makena s treatment
and the public health implications of withdrawing approval. The FDA Commissioner granted a hearing, and the hearing was held October
17 through 19, 2022, which resulted in a 14-1 vote recommending withdrawal of the product from the market. A decision whether to withdraw
approval of Makena is likely in the first half of 2023. During this time, Makena and the approved generics of Makena will remain
on the market until the FDA makes a final decision about these products. 

16 

Intellectual
Property 

Drug
Delivery Technologies for Lipophilic Drug Substances 

Our
patent portfolio is directed to various types of compositions and methods for delivery of lipophilic drugs, which are drugs that are
soluble in lipids. Our licensed product, TLANDO, is an oral formulation of the lipophilic prodrug TU, utilizing our proprietary technology
for improved delivery of lipophilic therapeutic agents. 

As
of March 7, 2023, our intellectual property patent portfolio consists of various issued patents and patent applications related
to Oral TU, LPCN 1111, LPCN 1107, LPCN 1144/1148, and Neurosteroids/CNS treatment both in the U.S. and in multiple countries outside
of the U.S. 

We
also hold license rights in fields other than cough and cold, to 2 U.S. patents and 1 U.S. application (and related foreign patents and
applications) that we previously assigned to Spriaso LLC, which could be possibly used with future product candidates. 

Additionally,
we have 12 U.S. patents that we plan to list in the FDA Orange Book for TLANDO that are expected to expire in 2029 and 2030. If we or
our licensee are marketing the TLANDO product at the time the patents expire and have no other issued U.S. patents covering the product,
then we will lose certain advantages that come with FDA Orange Book listing of patents and will no longer be able to prevent others in
the U.S. from practicing the inventions claimed by the 12 patents. 

17 

We
expect to file new patent applications in the future in an attempt to further cover various aspects of our products and product development. 

See
Item 3 Legal Proceedings, for a discussion of intellectual property related legal proceedings. 

Government
Regulation 

The
Regulatory Process for Drug Development 

The
production and manufacture of our product candidates and our research and development activities are subject to regulation by various
governmental authorities around the world. In the United States, drugs and products are subject to regulation by the FDA. There are other
comparable agencies in Europe and other parts of the world. Regulations govern, among other things, the research, development, testing,
manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval
monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of products. Applicable law requires licensing and registration of manufacturing
and contract research facilities, carefully controlled research and testing of products, governmental review and/or approval of results
prior to marketing therapeutic products. Additionally, adherence to good laboratory practices, or GLP, good clinical practices, or GCP,
during clinical testing and current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, during production is required. The system of new drug approval
in the United States is generally considered to be the most rigorous in the world and is described in further detail below under United
States Pharmaceutical Product Development Process. 

United
States Pharmaceutical Product Development Process 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates pharmaceutical products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and the regulations it
implements. The testing, production, sale, and promotion of pharmaceutical products are also subject to other federal,
state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with
appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial
resources. Failure to comply with the applicable United States requirements at any time during the product development process,
approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. FDA sanctions could include
refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls, product
seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts,
restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse
effect on us. 

It
takes many years for a typical experimental drug to go from concept to approval. The process required by the FDA before a pharmaceutical
product may be marketed in the United States generally includes the following: 

Completion of preclinical laboratory tests and animal
 studies. The latter often conducted according to GLPs or other applicable regulations, as well as synthesis and drug formulation
 development leading ultimately to clinical drug supplies manufactured according to cGMPs; 

Submission to the FDA of an IND, which must be submitted
 to the FDA and become effective before human clinical trials may begin in the United States; 

Performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical
 trials according to the FDA s current GCPs, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed pharmaceutical product for
 its intended use; 

Submission to the FDA of an NDA for a new pharmaceutical
 product; 

Satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the
 manufacturing facility or facilities where the pharmaceutical product is produced to assess compliance with the FDA s cGMP
 to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the pharmaceutical product s identity, strength,
 quality and purity; 

Potential FDA audit of the preclinical and clinical
 trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA. 

The
lengthy process of seeking required approvals and the continuing need for compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require
the expenditure of substantial resources and FDA approval is inherently uncertain. 

Preclinical
Studies : Prior to preclinical studies, a research phase takes place which involves demonstration of target and function, design,
screening and synthesis of agonists or antagonists. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity
and formulation, as well as animal studies to evaluate efficacy and activity, toxic effects, PKs and metabolism of the pharmaceutical
product candidate and to provide evidence of the safety, bioavailability and activity of the pharmaceutical product candidate in animals.
The conduct of the preclinical safety evaluations must comply with federal regulations and requirements including GLPs. The results of
the formal IND-enabling preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or
literature as well as the comprehensive descriptions of proposed human clinical studies, are then submitted as part of the IND application
to the FDA. 

18 

The
IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA places the IND on a clinical hold within that 30-day
time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. The
FDA may also impose clinical holds on a pharmaceutical product candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns
or non-compliance. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin,
or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such clinical trial. 

Clinical
Trials : Clinical trials involve the administration of the pharmaceutical product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under
the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by the sponsor. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols
detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, and
the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA if conducted under a U.S. IND. Clinical
trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s GCP requirements. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved
by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, or ethics committee at or servicing each institution at which the clinical trial
will be conducted. An IRB or ethics committee is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers such
items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated
benefits. The IRB or ethics committee also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or
his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. 

Human
clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 

Phase
1 Clinical Trials : Phase 1 clinical trials are usually first-in-man trials, take approximately 1 to 2 years to complete and
are generally conducted on a small number of healthy human subjects to evaluate the drug s activity, schedule and dose, PKs
and pharmacodynamics. However, in the case of life-threatening diseases, such as cancer, the initial Phase 1 testing may be done in
patients with the disease. These trials typically take longer to complete and may provide insights into drug activity. 

Phase
2 Clinical Trials : Phase 2 clinical trials can take approximately 1 to 3 years to complete and are carried out on a
relatively small to moderate number of patients (as compared to Phase 3) in a specific indication. The pharmaceutical product is
evaluated to preliminarily assess efficacy, to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, and to determine optimal dose,
regimens, PKs, pharmacodynamics and dose response relationships. This phase also provides additional safety data and serves to
identify possible common short-term side effects and risks in a larger group of patients. Phase 2 clinical trials sometimes include
randomization of patients. 

Phase
3 Clinical Trials : Phase 3 clinical trials take approximately 2 to 5 years to complete and involve tests on a much larger population
of patients (several hundred to several thousand patients) suffering from the targeted condition or disease. These studies usually include
randomization of patients and blinding of both patients and investigators at geographically dispersed test sites (multi-center trials).
These trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and safety and are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit
ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. Generally, 2 adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials
are required by the FDA for approval of an NDA or foreign authorities for approval of NDAs. 

Post-approval
studies, or Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These studies are used to gain additional experience
from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication and may be required by the FDA as a condition of approval. 

Progress
reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA, and written IND safety reports must
be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events or for any finding from tests in laboratory animals
that suggests a significant risk for human subjects. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within
any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor or, if used, its data safety and monitoring board may suspend a clinical trial
at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health
risk. Similarly, an IRB or ethics committee can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical
trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s or ethics committee s requirements or if the pharmaceutical product
has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 

Concurrent
with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry
and physical characteristics of the pharmaceutical product, as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial
quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches
of the pharmaceutical product candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and
purity of the final pharmaceutical product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must
be conducted to demonstrate that the pharmaceutical product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

19 

U.S.
Pharmaceutical Review and Approval Process 

New
Drug Application : Upon completion of pivotal Phase 3 clinical studies, the sponsor assembles all the product development, preclinical
and clinical data along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the chemistry of the pharmaceutical
product, proposed labeling and other relevant information, and submits it to the FDA as part of an NDA. The submission or application
is then reviewed by the regulatory body for approval to market the product. This process typically takes 8 months to 1 year to
complete. The FDA may refuse to approve an NDA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional clinical
data or other data and information. Even if such data and information is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not
satisfy the criteria for approval. If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be limited to specific diseases and dosages
or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require
that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. 

Orphan
Drug Designation 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is
generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals
in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the United
States a drug for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug. Orphan drug
designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. If the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the FDA then discloses publicly
the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use. Orphan drug designation does
not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 

If
a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation,
the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the
same drug for the same indication, except in very limited circumstances, for 7 years. Orphan drug exclusivity, however, could also
block the approval of one of our products for seven years if a competitor obtains approval of the same drug as defined by the FDA or
if our drug candidate is determined to be contained within the competitor s product for the same indication or disease. 

Post-Approval
Requirements 

Any
pharmaceutical products for which we may receive FDA approval are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among
other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety
and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, complying with certain electronic records and signature
requirements and complying with the FDA promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, standards for
direct-to-consumer advertising, prohibitions on promoting pharmaceutical products for uses or in patient populations that are not
described in the pharmaceutical product s approved labeling (known as off-label use ), industry-sponsored
scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. Failure to comply with the FDA requirements
can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, enforcement letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or
communications with doctors and civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, risk evaluation and mitigation strategies and surveillance to
monitor the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. 

21 st
 Century Cures Act 

The
21 st Century Cures Act (Public Law No. 144-255) was enacted on December 13, 2016. This sweeping legislation makes significant
changes to the way that FDA approves new drugs and medical devices. Among other things, the legislation calls on FDA to consider new
types of data, such as patient experience data, in its drug approval process. The legislation also permits drug manufacturers to utilize
new types of clinical trial designs in order to collect data in the drug approval process. The intent of many of the statute s
provisions are to speed the approval of new drugs and medical devices. Whether the 21 st Century Cures Act realizes these goals
will depend on the adoption of new FDA regulations, policy guidance and FDA approval practices, many of which the agency has not yet
proposed or issued. 

20 

Other
Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 

In
the United States, our activities are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to
the FDA, including, but not limited, to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and other divisions of the United States government,
including the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, the Department of Health and Human Services, the U.S. Department of Justice and
individual U.S. Attorney offices within the Department of Justice, and state and local governments. For example, if a drug product is
reimbursed by Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal or state healthcare programs, our Company, including our sales, marketing and scientific/educational
grant programs, among others, must comply with federal healthcare laws, including, but not limited to, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute,
false claims laws, civil monetary penalties laws, healthcare fraud and false statement provisions and data privacy and security provisions
under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, the Physician Payment Sunshine Act, and any analogous state
laws. If a drug product is reimbursed by Medicare or Medicaid, pricing and rebate programs must comply with, as applicable, the Medicaid
rebate requirements of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 OBRA ), and the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement
and Modernization Act of 2003. Among other things, OBRA requires drug manufacturers to pay rebates on prescription drugs to state Medicaid
programs and empowers states to negotiate rebates on pharmaceutical prices, which may result in prices for our future products that will
likely be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Additionally, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by
the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, ACA substantially changes the way healthcare is
financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among other cost containment measures, ACA establishes: an annual, nondeductible
fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; a new Medicare Part D coverage
gap discount program; and a new formula that increases the rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. There
may continue to be additional proposals relating to the reform of the U.S. healthcare system, in the future, some of which could further
limit coverage and reimbursement of drug products. If drug products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule
of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements may apply. 

Additionally,
to the extent that any of our products are sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws and regulations, which
may include, for instance, applicable post-marketing requirements, including fraud and abuse, privacy and transparency laws. 

Pharmaceutical
Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 

In
the United States and markets in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale
will depend in part on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payers, including government health administrative
authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. In the United States, private health insurers and
other third-party payers often provide reimbursement for products and services based on the level at which the government (through the
Medicare or Medicaid programs) provides reimbursement for such treatments. Third-party payers are increasingly examining the medical
necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services in addition to their safety and efficacy and, accordingly, significant
uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of newly approved therapeutics. In particular, in the United States, the
European Union and other potentially significant markets for our product candidates, government authorities and third-party payers are
increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services, particularly for new and innovative products
and therapies, which has resulted in lower average selling prices. Further, the increased emphasis on managed healthcare in the United
States and on country and regional pricing and reimbursement controls in the European Union will put additional pressure on product pricing,
reimbursement and usage, which may adversely affect our future product sales and results of operations. These pressures can arise from
rules and practices of insurers and managed care organizations, judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to Medicare,
Medicaid and healthcare reform, pharmaceutical reimbursement policies and pricing in general. As a result, coverage and adequate third-party
reimbursement may not be available for our products to enable us to realize an appropriate return on our investment in research and product
development. 

The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (Pub. L. No. 117-169) was signed into law on August 16, 2022, and includes a
number of provisions aimed at lowering prescription drug costs and reducing government spending on drugs. This includes a requirement
that the Department of Health and Human Services negotiate a maximum fair price with drug manufacturers for certain single-source
brand drugs or biologics without generic or biosimilar competitors that are covered under Medicare Part D and Part B. This pricing will
begin in 2026 for Medicare Part D and 2028 for Medicare Part B. An excise tax is imposed on drug manufacturers that fail to comply with
the required negotiation process. In addition, the law requires drug manufacturers to pay a rebate to the federal government if the price
for almost all drugs covered under Medicare Part D (starting in 2022), and single-source drug or biologics covered under Medicare B (starting
in 2023), increase greater than the inflation rate. The rebate amount equals the number of drug units sold in Medicare multiplied by the
amount the drug s price exceeds the inflation-adjusted price. The law also modifies the Medicare Part D benefit structure to cap
the amount beneficiaries must spend on drug costs and increase the discounts manufacturers are required to pay. The Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022 signals an increased desire to control the prices and costs associated with pharmaceutical products. This legislation, as
well as any future statutes or regulations at the federal or state level, may impact reimbursement for our product candidates and may
challenge our ability to realize an appropriate return on our investment in research and product development. 

The
market for our product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval will depend significantly on access to third-party payers 
drug formularies or lists of medications for which third-party payers provide coverage and reimbursement. The industry competition to
be included in such formularies often leads to downward pricing pressures on pharmaceutical companies. Also, third-party payers may refuse
to include a particular branded drug in their formularies or may otherwise restrict patient access to a branded drug when a less-costly
generic equivalent or other alternative is available. In addition, because each third-party payer individually approves coverage and
reimbursement levels, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement is a time-consuming and costly process. We would be required to provide
scientific and clinical support for the use of any product to each third-party payer separately with no assurance that approval would
be obtained, and we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of our products.
This process could delay the market acceptance of any of our product candidates for which we may receive approval and could have a negative
effect on our future revenues and operating results. We cannot be certain that our product candidates will be considered cost-effective.
If we are unable to obtain coverage and adequate payment levels for our product candidates from third-party payers, physicians may limit
how much or under what circumstances they will prescribe or administer them, and patients may decline to purchase them. This in turn
could affect our ability to successfully commercialize our products and impact our profitability, results of operations, financial condition,
and future success. 

The
United States Orphan Drug Act encourages the development of orphan drugs, which are intended to treat rare diseases or conditions 
within the meaning of this Act (i.e., those that affect fewer than 200,000 persons in the United States). The provisions of the Act are
intended to stimulate the research, development and approval of products that treat rare diseases. Orphan Drug Designation provides a
sponsor with several potential benefits: (1) sponsors may be granted seven years of marketing exclusivity after approval of the orphan-designated
indication for the drug product; (2) sponsors are granted U.S. tax incentives for clinical research; (3) the FDA s office of orphan
products development coordinates research study design assistance for sponsors of drugs for rare diseases; and (4) grant funding can
be obtained to defray costs of qualified clinical testing. 

21 

Priority
Review 

Priority
Review is a designation for an NDA after it has been submitted to the FDA for review. Reviews for NDAs are designated as either Standard 
or Priority. A Standard designation sets the target date for completing all aspects of a review and the FDA taking an action
on 90 of applications (i.e., approve or not approve) at 12 months after the date it was submitted for drugs considered new molecular
entities and at 10 months after the date it was submitted for drugs considered non-new molecular entities. A Priority designation sets
the target date for the FDA action on 90 of applications at eight months after submission for drugs considered new molecular entities
and at 6 months after submission for drugs considered non-new molecular entities. A Priority designation is intended for those products
that address unmet medical needs. 

Accelerated
Approval 

Accelerated
Approval or Subpart H Approval is a program described in the NDA regulations that is intended to make promising products for life threatening
diseases available on the basis of evidence of effect on a surrogate endpoint prior to formal demonstration of patient benefit. A surrogate
marker is a measurement intended to substitute for the clinical measurement of interest, usually prolongation of survival in oncology
that is considered likely to predict patient benefit. The approval that is granted may be considered a provisional approval with a written
commitment to complete clinical studies that formally demonstrate patient benefit. 

Related
Party Transaction 

On
July 23, 2013, we entered into assignment/license and services agreements with Spriaso, an entity that is majority-owned by Mahesh V.
Patel, Gordhan Patel, John W. Higuchi, Dr. William I. Higuchi, and their affiliates. Mahesh V. Patel is our President and Chief Executive
Officer. Mr. Higuchi is a member of our Board of Directors and Gordhan Patel and Dr. Higuchi, former Board members, were each members
of our Board of Directors at the date the license and agreements were entered into. 

Under
the assignment agreement, we assigned and transferred to Spriaso all of our rights, title and interest in our intellectual property for
the cough and cold field. In addition, Spriaso was assigned all rights and obligations under our product development agreement with a
co-development partner. In exchange, we would be entitled to receive a potential cash royalty of 20 of the net proceeds received by
Spriaso, up to a maximum of 10 million. Spriaso also granted back to us an exclusive license to such intellectual property to develop
products outside of the cough and cold field. The assignment agreement will expire upon the expiration of all of Spriaso s payment
obligations thereunder and the expiration of all of the licensed patents thereunder. Spriaso has the right to terminate the assignment
agreement with 30 days written notice. We have the right to terminate the assignment agreement upon the complete liquidation or dissolution
of Spriaso, unless the assignment agreement is assigned to an affiliate or successor of Spriaso. 

Under
the services agreement, we agreed to provide facilities and up to 10 of the services of certain employees to Spriaso for a period of
time. The agreement to provide services expired in 2021; however, it may be extended upon written agreement of Spriaso and us. Additionally,
Spriaso filed its first NDA in 2014, and as an affiliated entity of Lipocine, it used up the one-time waiver of user fees for a small
business submitting its first human drug application to FDA. 

Employees

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 17 full time employees and we also utilize the services of consultants on a regular basis. Twelve employees
are engaged in drug development activities and five are in general and administration functions and the majority of our employees work
out of our Salt Lake City facility. The Company continually evaluates the business need and opportunity
and balances in house expertise and capacity with outsourced expertise and capacity. Currently, we outsource substantial clinical trial
work to clinical research organizations and certain drug manufacturing to contract manufacturers. None of our employees are represented
by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

We
strive toward having a diverse team of employees and are committed to equality, inclusion and workplace diversity. 

Available
Information 

Our
website address is www.lipocine.com. We make available free of charge on the Investor Relations portion of our website, ir.lipocine.com,
our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. The SEC maintains an internet website that contains
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that we file electronically, which can be found at http://www.sec.gov. 

22 

ITEM
 1A. RISK
 FACTORS 

We
have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and future growth prospects. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The risks and uncertainties described
below are not the only ones we face. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose
all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. 

Risk
Factors Summary 

Our
business operations are subject to numerous risks, factors and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause
our actual results to be harmed, including risks regarding the following: 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry 

the
 timelines of our clinical trials; 

the
 early stage of development of LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101, LPCN 1148, LPCN 1144, LPCN 1111 and LPCN 1107; 

the
 early stage of development of our research and development programs and processes and the risk of competition; 

the
 regulatory requirements for our product candidates and the possibility that regulatory approval will not be received; 

the
 commercial success of our licensed product candidate, TLANDO; 

the
 possibility that T-replacement therapies could be found to create, or could be perceived to create, health risks; 

any
 possible failure to obtain adequate healthcare reimbursement for our products; 

competition
 in the TRT market, including the entrance of generic TRTs into the market; 

our
 licensee s ability to commercialize TLANDO may be limited; 

successful
 commercialization of our product candidates internally or through collaborators; 

the
 possibility that we may never receive regulatory approval to market our products outside the United States; 

the
 stringent government regulations concerning the clinical testing of our products; 

the
 market s acceptance of our products; 

physicians
 and patients using other products may not switch to our product; 

the
 possibility that regulatory agencies could find that we have improperly promoted off-label uses; 

any
 possible failure to comply with federal and state healthcare laws; 

our
 ability to retain our chief executive officer and other key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; 

difficulties
 in managing the growth of the Company; 

re-importation
 of drugs from foreign countries into the United States by our competitors; 

any
 product liability claims; 

any
 failure to comply with the Controlled Substances Act; 

the
 defense and resolution of any litigation; 

cyber
 security risks; 

Risks
Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 

our
 reliance on third-party contractors and service providers for the execution of some aspects of our development programs; 

our
 reliance on contract research organizations or other third parties to assist us in conducting clinical trials; 

our
 reliance on suppliers for the active and inactive ingredients for our products; 

our
 ability to establish successful collaborations for our products; 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

our
 stock price s reaction to the results and timing of clinical trials, regulatory and other decisions; 

the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; 

the
 cost and expense to comply with the requirements of being a public company; 

the
 volatility of our share price; 

fluctuations
 in the value of our warrants outstanding from the November 2019 Offering; 

the
 possibility of delisting of our securities from the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

anti-takeover
 provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of
 Delaware law and our stockholder rights plan; 

the
 right of the holders of the common warrants issued in the November 2019 Offering to receive the Black Scholes value of the warrants
 in the event of a fundamental transaction; 

our
 decision not to pay dividends on our common stock; 

our
 management and directors ability to exert influence over our affairs; 

volatility
 in the trading price of our common stock; 

any
 failure of securities or industry analysts to publish accurate research about our business; 

23 

Risks
Relating to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 

our
 need for and ability to obtain substantial additional capital in the future; 

potential
 dilution to our existing stockholders from raising any additional capital; 

our
 inability to predict when we will generate product revenues or achieve profitability; 

our
 incurrence of significant operating losses; 

any
 fluctuation in our operating results; 

Risks
Relating to Our Intellectual Property 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property; 

our
 ability to obtain additional protection under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act; 

the
 possibility of incurring substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual
 property rights, or our inability to protect our rights to our products and technology; 

the
 cost and expense, and any unfavorable outcomes, resulting from any claims for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties; 

the
 fact that we do not have patent protection for our product candidates in a significant number of countries; 

our
 ability to comply with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent
 agencies; and 

the
 possibility that we may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their
 former employers. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry 

The
timelines of our clinical trials may be impacted by numerous factors and any delays may adversely affect our ability to execute our current
business strategy. 

Our
expectations regarding the success of our product candidates, including our clinical candidates and lead compounds, and our business
are based on projections which may not be realized for many scientific, business or other reasons. We therefore cannot assure investors
that we will be able to adhere to our current schedule. We set goals that forecast the accomplishment of objectives material to our success:
selecting clinical candidates, product candidates, failures in research, the inability to identify or advance lead compounds, identifying
target patient groups or clinical candidates, the timing and completion of clinical trials, and anticipated regulatory approval. The
actual timing of these events can vary dramatically due to factors such as slow enrollment of subjects in studies, uncertainties in scale-up,
manufacturing and formulation of our compounds, failures in research, the inability to identify clinical candidates, failures in our
clinical trials, requirements for additional clinical trials and uncertainties inherent in the regulatory approval process and regulatory
submissions. Decisions by our partners or collaborators may also affect our timelines and delays in achieving manufacturing capacity.
The length of time necessary to complete clinical trials and to submit an application for marketing approval by applicable regulatory
authorities may also vary significantly based on the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate involved, as well as other
factors. 

24 

LPCN
1154 and LPCN 2101 are in a very early stage of development and may not be further developed for a variety of reasons. 

Our
oral NAS comprising programs (LPCN 1154 and LPCN 2101) are in a very early stage of development and consequently the risk that we may
fail to commercialize LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101, and related products is high. We have only conducted Phase 1 clinical studies of these programs
and the ultimate regulatory or technical success of each of the neuroactive steroids under investigation in these programs is uncertain.
The current limited pre-clinical and phase 1 results we have observed may not be replicated in larger studies, future PK Phase 2, or
pivotal studies with a potential to be marketed formulation . Although the FDA has agreed with our proposal for establishing
the efficacy of LPCN 1154 through a single pivotal PK bridge to an approved IV infusion brexanolone via a 505(b)(2) NDA filing, there
can be no assurance that we are able to demonstrate demonstrate efficacy or meet the requirements of this pathway and we may be required
to undertake additional clinical studies prior to filing an NDA for LPCN 1154. We may not be able to further test in-clinic due to other
regulatory hurdles in a timely manner or at all. 

In
addition, our oral NAS product candidates may not be effective in treating PPD or WWE or may not have differentiation from competitive
products on the market or in development. We may expend significant resources before determining that these programs are not viable candidates
for regulatory approval and commercialization. 

LPCN
1148 is in a very early stage of development and is currently undergoing Phase 2 clinical evaluation in a proof-of-concept study for
management of liver cirrhosis in male patients and while there are no therapies specifically approved by the FDA for secondary sarcopenia
or cirrhosis beyond treatment of underlying conditions, there are candidates known to be under development for cirrhosis related indication(s). 

LPCN
1148 is in a very early stage of development and consequently the risk that we may fail to commercialize or partner LPCN 1148 and related
products is high. This development program is susceptible to technical failures in ongoing and future clinical studies, and regulatory
hurdles for further testing and/or meeting FDAs needs for NDA filing or approval. The results of the current Phase 2 clinical evaluation
may not support continued development or regulatory approval. While we believe there is a potential to gain Orphan Drug Designation for
an indication or condition in male liver cirrhosis, the FDA may not grant such designation which could adversely impact development or
the commercial potential of LPCN 1148. 

LPCN
1144 is in a very early stage of development and may not be further developed for a variety of reasons. 

LPCN
1144 is in a very early stage of development and consequently the risk that we fail to commercialize LPCN 1144 and related products is
high. In particular, we have announced topline primary and key secondary endpoint results from our Phase 2 LiFT and open label
extension clinical studies. 

Although
our results from the LiFT and open label extension clinical study results were positive for NASH resolution with no worsening
of fibrosis, these results may not be indicative of ultimate success in a larger Phase 2/3 clinical study with required FDA endpoints
and populations needed for regulatory approval of LPCN 1144 for the treatment of NASH. 

In
addition, a number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical
trials, even after achieving positive results in early-stage development. The FDA currently insists on histopathology endpoint for diagnosis
and assessment of efficacy in a pivotal trial. Accordingly, our results from our LiFT study may not be predictive of the results
we may obtain from further studies and trials. 

Several
factors could significantly affect the prospects for LPCN 1144, including factors relating to the regulatory approval, competitive landscape
and clinical development challenges for LPCN 1144. The anticipated Phase 3 programs for an NDA filing for LPCN 1144 will be very long
and resource intensive. Although we are exploring the possibility of partnering LPCN 1144 to a third party for further development and
commercialization, we may not be able to identify potential partners or successfully enter into partnership arrangements on terms favorable
to us, if at all. If we are unable to successfully partner LPCN 1144, LPCN 1144 may never be successfully commercialized. 

LPCN
1111 is in a very early stage of development and may not be further developed for a variety of reasons. 

LPCN
1111 is in a very early stage of development. We have completed a Phase 2a and Phase 2b study in hypogonadal men. Future studies may
not have clinical results that support continued develop and/or a path towards regulatory approval and commercialization. 

In
addition, the active ingredient in LPCN 1111 has only been manufactured on a small scale. Scaling up into larger batches could be challenging
and our ability to procure adequate material in a timely manner to further develop LPCN 1111 is uncertain. We also may not be able to
engage a manufacturer who can supply adequate quantities of the drug substance in compliance with cGMP. In addition, the anticipated
Phase 3 program for an NDA filing for LPCN 1111 could be very long and expensive. Although we are exploring the possibility of partnering
LPCN 1111 to a third party for further development and commercialization, we may not be able to identify potential partners or successfully
enter into partnership arrangements on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to successfully partner LPCN 1111, LPCN 1111
may never be successfully commercialized. 

25 

LPCN
1107 is in a very early stage of development and may not be further developed for a variety of reasons. 

LPCN
1107 is in a very early stage of development and consequently, although we are exploring the possibility of partnering LPCN 1107 to a
third party for further development and commercialization, we may not be able to identify potential partners or successfully enter into
partnership arrangements on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to successfully partner LPCN 1107, LPCN 1107 may never
be successfully commercialized. In particular, we have only conducted three Phase 1 clinical studies with this product candidate. Two
of the studies were in healthy pregnant women and one was in healthy women. Although these studies demonstrated oral absorption of LPCN
1107 is possible, we may not be able to match Cavg blood levels shown with the intramuscular injection comparator product over a longer
duration. Furthermore, our completed Phase 1 clinical studies may not be predictive of safety concerns that may arise in pregnant women
or demonstrate that LPCN 1107 has an adequate safety profile to warrant further development. The FDA may also require further preclinical
studies. All of these factors can impact the timing of and our ability to continue development or partner LPCN 1107. 

In
addition, a number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical
trials, even after achieving positive results in early-stage development. Accordingly, our results from our Phase 1a, our Phase 1b and
our multi-dose PK dose selection studies may not be predictive of the results we may obtain from further studies and trials. 

A
traditional PK/PD based Phase 2 clinical study in the intended patient population may not be required prior to entering into Phase 3.
Therefore, based on the results of our multi-dose PK study results, we had an end-of-phase 2 meeting with the FDA in the second quarter
of 2016, as well as subsequent guidance meetings to agree on a pivotal Phase 2b/3 development plan for LPCN 1107. However, these discussions
will need to be updated based on recent developments with Covis Makena . With the completion of our food effect study, we
plan to resume our interactions with the FDA to discuss our pivotal Phase 2b/3 clinical trial design and better understand next steps
to advance LPCN 1107, potentially in conjunction with the participation of a LPCN 1107 development partner, should we be able to enter
into such a partnership. Once the pivotal Phase 2b/3 clinical trial is started, the anticipated Phase 2b/3 program for an NDA filing
for LPCN 1107 will be very long and expensive. 

The
FDA has concluded that Makena, based on Makena s failed definitive PROLONG study, a competing product with the same active ingredient
and similar target indication, is ineffective and has proposed that it be withdrawn from the market. CDER issued AMAG, the NDA holder
at the time, a NOOH to withdraw approval of Makena, for which AMAG Pharmaceuticals responded by requesting a hearing and providing detail
on the company s position, recognizing clinicians decade-long use of Makena s treatment and the public health implications
of withdrawing approval. The FDA Commissioner granted a hearing, and the the hearing was held October 17 through 19, 2022, which resulted
in a 14-1 vote to withdraw the product from the market. A decision whether to withdraw approval of Makena is likely in the first half
of 2023 . During this time, Makena and the approved generics of Makena will remain on the market until the FDA makes a final decision
about these products. It is entirely possible that any pivotal study on LPCN 1107 may require a placebo-controlled trial design. Therefore,
given the uncertainly of the status of the current standard of care, Makena and its generics, Lipocine and/or its partner may face significant
challenges in patient recruitment for a placebo-controlled trial, be faced with significant resource investment to conduct additional
trials, and face potential perceived risk of efficacy failure in a pivotal study resulting in no further development of LPCN 1107. 

Our
research and development programs and processes are at an early stage of development, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business
and prospects or predict if or when we will successfully commercialize or partner our product candidates. 

Our
operations to date have primarily been limited to conducting research and development activities under license and collaboration agreements.
Our current portfolio consists of product candidates at various clinical stages of development in addition to our out-licensed product
TLANDO. We have never marketed or commercialized a drug product. Consequently, any predictions about our future performance may not be
as accurate as they could be if we were further along our commercialization path. In addition, as a pre-commercial stage business, we
may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors. 

Our
clinical product candidates are at an early stage of development and will require significant further investment and regulatory approvals
prior to marketing and commercialization. As such, our product development processes for LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101, LPCN 1148, LPCN 1111,
LPCN 1144, and LPCN 1107 are very risky and uncertain, and our product candidates may fail to advance beyond the current study. Even
if we obtain required financing, we cannot ensure successful product development or that we will obtain regulatory approval or successfully
commercialize or partner any of our product candidates and generate product revenues. 

26 

All
of our clinical candidates will be subject to extensive regulation which can be costly and time consuming, cause delays or prevent approval
of the products for commercialization. 

Our
clinical development of LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101, LPCN 1148, LPCN 1111, LPCN 1144, and LPCN 1107 and any future product candidates is subject
to extensive regulations by the FDA. Product development is a very lengthy and expensive process and can vary significantly based upon
the product candidate s novelty and complexity. Regulations are subject to change and regulatory agencies have significant discretion
in the approval process. 

Numerous
statutes and regulations govern human testing and the manufacture and sale of human therapeutic products in the United States. Such legislation
and regulation bears upon, among other things, the approval of protocols and human testing, the approval of manufacturing facilities,
safety of the product candidates, testing procedures and controlled research, review and approval of manufacturing, preclinical and clinical
data prior to marketing approval including adherence to cGMP during production and storage as well as regulation of marketing activities
including advertising and labeling. 

In
order to obtain regulatory clearance for the commercial sale of any of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through preclinical
studies and clinical trials that the potential product is safe and efficacious for use in humans for each target indication. Obtaining
approval of any of our product candidates is an extensive, lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and the FDA may delay, limit or
deny approval for many reasons, including: 

we may not be able to demonstrate that the product
 candidate is safe and effective to the satisfaction of the FDA; 

the results of our clinical trials may not meet the
 level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA for marketing approval; 

the FDA may disagree with the number, design, size,
 conduct or implementation of our clinical trials; 

the contract research organization that we retain to
 manage our clinical trials may take actions outside of our control that materially adversely impact our clinical trials; 

the FDA may not find the data from preclinical studies
 and clinical trials sufficient to demonstrate that a particular product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its
 safety risks; 

the FDA may disagree with our interpretation of data
 from our preclinical studies and clinical trials or may require that we conduct additional trials; 

the FDA may not accept data generated at our clinical
 trial sites; 

if an NDA, once submitted, is reviewed by an Advisory
 Committee, the FDA may have difficulties scheduling an Advisory Committee meeting in a timely manner or the Advisory Committee may
 recommend against approval of our application or may recommend that the FDA require, as a condition of approval, additional preclinical
 studies or clinical trials, limitations on approved labeling or distribution and use restrictions; 

the FDA may require development of a REMS as a condition
 of approval; 

the FDA may require longer or additional duration of
 stability data on the clinical lots prior to initiation of further clinical trials; 

the FDA may identify deficiencies in the formulation
 or stability of our product candidates or products, or relating to our manufacturing processes or facilities, or in the processes
 and facilities of the contract manufacturing organization CMO ), our suppliers, or other third parties that may be
 utilized in the production supply chain of our products; and 

with respect to LPCN 1111, the FDA may not grant a
 3-year exclusivity as the active is a Testosterone prodrug. 

Preclinical
and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product
candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain FDA approval for their
products. 

27 

No
assurance can be given that current regulations relating to regulatory approval will not change or become more stringent. The FDA may
also require that we amend clinical trial protocols and/or run additional trials in order to provide additional information regarding
the safety, efficacy or equivalency of any compound for which we seek regulatory approval. Moreover, any regulatory approval of a drug
which is eventually obtained may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which that drug may be marketed. Furthermore, product approvals
may be withdrawn or limited in some way if problems occur following initial marketing or if compliance with regulatory standards is not
maintained. The FDA could become more risk averse to any side effects or set higher standards of safety and efficacy prior to reviewing
or approving a product. This could result in a product not being approved. 

We
are substantially dependent on the success of our licensed product, TLANDO, which may not be successfully commercialized. 

TLANDO
is currently our only product that has completed Phase 3 clinical trials. In October 2021, we entered into the Antares License Agreement
with Antares, pursuant to which we granted Antares an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable right and license to develop and commercialize
our TLANDO product with respect to TRT in the U.S. None of our other products have been approved for sale. Therefore, at this stage,
our ability to realize revenue depends on TLANDO s successful commercialization. The commercial success of TLANDO depends almost
entirely on Antares commercialization efforts and we have very limited ability to influence Antares efforts, including
the amount and timing of resources they devote, if any, to the commercialization of TLANDO. On March 29, 2022, the FDA granted approval
to TLANDO for testosterone replacement therapy in adult males indicated for conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous
testosterone : primary hypogonadism (congenital or acquired) and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
(congenital or acquired). Our ability to realize royalty revenue, will depend on the commercialization efforts of Antares. If Antares
is not able to successfully commercialize TLANDO, we may not realize any royalty revenue under the Antares License Agreement and our
business could be adversely affected. Additionally, regulatory approval of TLANDO may be withdrawn and the failure to maintain regulatory
approvals would prevent TLANDO from being marketed and would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Under
the PREA, our licensing partner, Antares, will need to address the PREA requirement to assess the safety and effectiveness of TLANDO
in pediatric patients. The FDA required certain post-marketing studies including: (i) conduct an appropriately designed label comprehension
and knowledge study that assesses patient understanding of key risk messages in the Medication Guide for TLANDO and (ii) conduct an appropriately
designed one-year trial to evaluate development of adrenal insufficiency with chronic TLANDO therapy. Antares is responsible for conducting
these post-marketing studies. The ramifications of the results of these studies conducted by Antares, or the ramifications of Antares 
inability or unwillingness to conduct these studies, are unknown to us and would be the between Antares and the FDA. 

In
the event that we seek regulatory approval of TLANDO outside the United States, such markets have requirements for approval of drug candidates
with which we must comply prior to marketing. Obtaining regulatory approval for marketing of TLANDO in one country does not ensure we
will be able to obtain regulatory approval in other countries but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country
may have a negative effect on the regulatory process in other countries. 

If
T-replacement therapies are found, or are perceived, to create health risks, our ability to realize any revenue from TLANDO and LPCN
1111 could be materially adversely affected, and our business could be harmed. For TLANDO and LPCN 1111, if approved, physicians and
patients may be deterred from prescribing and using T-replacement therapies, which could depress demand for TLANDO and compromise the
successful commercialization of TLANDO and LPCN 1111, if approved. 

Certain
publications have suggested potential health risks associated with T-replacement therapy, such as increased cardiovascular disease risk,
including increased risk of heart attack or stroke, fluid retention, sleep apnea, breast tenderness or enlargement, increased red blood
cells, development of clinical prostate disease, including prostate cancer, and the suppression of sperm production. These potential
health risks are described in various articles, including the following publications: 

a 2014 publication in PLOS ONE, which found that, compared
 to the one year prior to beginning T-replacement therapy, the risk of heart attack doubled 90 days after the start of T deficiency
 treatment in older men regardless of their history of heart disease and was two to three times higher in men younger than 65 with
 a history of heart disease; 

a 2013 publication in the Journal of the American
 Medical Association , which reported that hypogonadal men receiving T-replacement therapy developed a 30 increase in the risk
 of stroke, heart attack and death; and 

a 2013 publication in BMC Medicine, which concluded
 that exogenous T increased the risk of cardiovascular-related events, particularly in trials not funded by the pharmaceutical industry. 

Prompted
by these events, the FDA announced on January 31, 2014, that it will investigate the risk of stroke, heart attack, and death in men taking
FDA-approved testosterone products and that the FDA would hold a T-class Advisory Committee meeting on September 17, 2014, to discuss
this topic further. The FDA has also asked health care professionals and patients to report side effects involving prescription testosterone
products to the agency. 

28 

Following
the FDA s announcement, the Endocrine Society, a professional medical organization, released a statement in February 2014 in support
of further studies regarding the risks and benefits of FDA-approved T-replacement products for men with age-related T deficiency. Specifically,
the Endocrine Society noted that large-scale randomized controlled trials are needed to determine the risks and benefits of T-replacement
therapy in older men. In addition, the Endocrine Society recommended that patients should be informed of the potential cardiovascular
risks in middle-aged and older men associated with T-replacement therapies. Also following the FDA s announcement, Public Citizen,
a consumer advocacy organization, petitioned the FDA to add a black box warning about the increased risks of heart attacks
and other cardiovascular dangers to the product labels of all T-replacement therapies. In addition, this petition urged the FDA to delay
its decision date on approving Aveed, a long-acting T-injectable developed by Endo, which was subsequently approved by the FDA in March
2014. In July 2014, the FDA responded to the Public Citizen petition and denied the petition. Additionally, in June 2014 the FDA announced
that it would require the manufacturers of testosterone drugs to update the warning label to include blood clots including deep vein
thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. 

At
the T-class Advisory Committee meeting held on September 17, 2014, the Advisory Committee discussed (i) the identification of the appropriate
patient population for whom T-replacement therapy should be indicated and (ii) the potential risk of major adverse cardiovascular events,
defined as non-fatal stroke, non-fatal myocardial infarction and cardiovascular death associated with T-replacement therapy. At the meeting,
16 of the 21 members of the Advisory Committee voted that the FDA should require sponsors of testosterone products to conduct a post
marketing study (e.g. observational study or controlled clinical trial) to further assess the potential cardiovascular risk. Further,
12 of these voted that such post marketing study be required only if the T-replacement therapy is also approved for age-related hypogonadism. 

The
Advisory Committee also held a meeting on September 18, 2014, to evaluate the safety and efficacy of JATENZO (previously Rextoro),
an oral TU submitted to the FDA by Clarus for the proposed indication of T-replacement therapy. 18 of the 21 members of the Advisory
Committee voted that the overall benefit/risk profile of JATENZO was not acceptable to support approval for T-replacement therapy.
The Advisory Committee agreed that an oral TU as a T-replacement therapy is promising and that it would be of great value to patients
to have an oral treatment option, but they did not believe the current JATENZO data supported approval. 

On
March 3, 2015, the FDA issued a safety announcement addressing the Advisory Committee s recommendations and communicated its expectations
related to label revisions and additional clinical requirements. 

The
FDA s safety assessment recommended the following label modifications/restrictions in the indicated population for T-replacement
therapy: 

limiting use of T-replacement products
 to men who have low testosterone caused by certain medical conditions; 

prior to initiating use of T-replacement products,
 confirm diagnosis of hypogonadism by ensuring that serum testosterone has been measured in the morning on at least two separate days
 and that these concentrations are below the normal range; 

adding cautionary language stating that the safety
 and efficacy of TRT products with age-related hypogonadism have not been established; and 

adding cautionary language stating that some studies
 have shown an increased risk of myocardial infarction and stroke associated with use of T-replacement products. 

Additionally,
the FDA stated that it will require manufacturers of approved T-replacement products to conduct a well-designed clinical trial to more
clearly address the question of whether an increased risk of heart attack or stroke exists among users of T-replacement products. The
FDA encouraged manufacturers to work together on conducting a clinical trial, although the FDA will allow manufacturers to work separately
if they so choose. 

On
March 29, 2022, the FDA approved TLANDO. As part of their approval, the FDA required the inclusion of certain warnings and precautions
in our labeling for TLANDO, including a black box warning, including warnings relating to blood pressure increases and
an indication that the safety and efficacy of TLANDO in males less than 18 years has not been established. These warnings may deter physicians
and patients from using TLANDO, which could adversely affect our business. 

The
FDA has also required that certain post-marketing studies be conducted to (i) assess patient understanding of key risks relating to TLANDO
and (ii) evaluate development of adrenal insufficiency with chronic TLANDO therapy. Antares is responsible for conducting these post-marketing
studies. Negative outcomes from such studies could adversely affect the ability of Antares to successfully commercialize TLANDO, which
would adversely affect our ability to realize royalty revenue under the Antares License Agreement. 

29 

If
we fail to obtain adequate healthcare reimbursement for our products, our revenue-generating ability will be diminished and there is
no assurance that the anticipated market for our products will be sustained. 

We
believe that there could be many different applications for products successfully derived from our technologies and that the anticipated
market for products under development could continue to expand. However, due to competition from existing or new products, potential
changes to the class TRT label by the FDA and the yet to be established commercial viability of our products, no assurance can be given
that these beliefs will prove to be correct. Physicians, patients, formularies, payors or the medical community in general may not accept
or utilize any products that we or our collaborative partners may develop. Other drugs may be approved during our clinical testing which
could change the accepted treatments for the disease targeted and make our compound obsolete. 

Our
ability to commercialize our products with success may depend, in part, on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement to
patients for the cost of such products and related treatment will be available from governmental health administration authorities, private
health coverage insurers and other organizations, as well as the ability of private payors to pay for or afford our drugs. Adequate third-party
coverage may not be available to patients to allow us to maintain price levels sufficient for us to realize an appropriate return on
our investment in product development. 

Coverage
and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payers can be critical
to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products when more
established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. Additionally, current manufacturers
of drug products may have agreements with payors that may limit the ability of new products to get on formulary or require a step edit
with an existing product before reimbursement of a new product will occur. Even if we obtain coverage for our products, the resulting
reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients are less
likely to use our products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our
products. Payers may require a more arduous prior authorization process as a condition to payment for TRT therapy. This could adversely
affect the market for TRT products. 

In
the United States and in many other countries, pricing and/or profitability of some or all prescription pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceuticals
are subject to varying degrees of government control. Healthcare reform and controls on healthcare spending may limit the price we charge
for any products and the amounts thereof that we can sell. In particular, in the United States, the federal government and private insurers
have changed and have considered ways to change, the manner in which healthcare services are provided. In March 2010, ACA became law
in the United States. ACA substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers and significantly
affects the healthcare industry. The provisions of ACA of importance to our potential product candidates include the following: 

an
 annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; 

an
 increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; 

expansion
 of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the False Claims Act and the Anti-Kickback Statute, new government investigative powers,
 and enhanced penalties for noncompliance; 

a
 new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated
 prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s
 outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

extension
 of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed
 care organizations; 

expansion
 of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals
 beginning in 2014 and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for certain individuals with specified income levels, thereby
 potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 

expansion
 of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program; 

new
 requirements to report annually certain financial arrangements with physicians, certain other healthcare professionals, and teaching
 hospitals; 

a
 new requirement to annually report drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to licensed practitioners, pharmacies
 of hospitals and other healthcare entities; and 

a
 new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness
 research, along with funding for such research. 

30 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of
2011, created, among other things, measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked
with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required
goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions
to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, starting in 2013. On January 2, 2013, President Obama signed into law
the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers and increased the
statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. The Medicare Access and
CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 was signed into law on April 16, 2015 and implemented the most significant change in Medicare reimbursement
since the ACA was enacted. This 2015 law authorizes a new Medicare pay for-performance reimbursement system for physicians, which
will reward physicians for performance on metrics related to quality of care, resource use, meaningful use of electronic medical records,
and clinical practice improvement activities. The Bipartisan Budget Act was enacted on November 2, 2015, and among provisions, restricts
the types of facilities that may receive hospital reimbursement under Medicare. These new laws may result in additional reductions in
Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on our customers and accordingly, our financial operations. 

We
anticipate that ACA will result in additional downward pressure on the reimbursement we may receive for any approved and covered product
and could seriously harm our business. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar
reduction in payments from private payers. In the future, the U.S. government may institute further controls and different reimbursement
schemes and limits on Medicare and Medicaid spending or reimbursement that may affect the payments we could collect from sales of any
products in the United States. 

The
Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General issued final regulations on November 30, 2020 to eliminate safe
harbor protection under the anti-kickback statute for drug price reductions that pharmaceutical manufacturers pay to Medicare and
Medicaid plan sponsors and their pharmacy benefit managers. The proposal reflects a clear intent to substantially alter many of the
current drug discount and services compensation practices among pharmaceutical manufacturers and Medicare and Medicaid managed care
organizations and their pharmacy benefit managers. The proposal also reflects a skepticism that current drug discount and
compensation practices among manufacturers and pharmacy benefit managers are sufficiently transparent to health plans to ensure that
all appropriate cost reductions and value is passed through to health plans and reflected in lower health plans costs and lower
premiums for beneficiaries. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act enacted in 2021 delayed the potential effective date of the
proposal until January 1, 2026, and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 further delayed potential implementation of the rule until
2032. If the regulation becomes effective, it could result in lower prices for pharmaceutical products in general. 

The
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services issued an interim final rule on November 20, 2020, that would tie prices for certain drugs
under Medicare Part B to the lowest price for those drugs available in certain countries that are members of the Organization for Economic
Co-operation and Development. This most favored nation drug pricing rule is also the subject of lawsuits, and a federal
court has placed an injunction on the implementation of the rule. This rule, if finalized, could also result in lower prices for pharmaceutical
products in general. 

The
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (Pub. L. No. 117-169) was signed into law on August 16, 2022 and includes a number of provisions
aimed at lowering prescription drug costs and reducing government spending on drugs. This includes a requirement that the Department
of Health and Human Services negotiate a maximum fair price with drug manufacturers for certain single-source brand
drugs or biologics without generic or biosimilar competitors that are covered under Medicare Part D and Part B. This pricing will
begin in 2026 for Medicare Part D and 2028 for Medicare Part B. An excise tax is imposed on drug manufacturers that fail to comply
with the required negotiation process. In addition, the law requires drug manufacturers to pay a rebate to the federal government if
the price for almost all drugs covered under Medicare Part D (starting in 2022), and single-source drug or biologics covered under
Medicare B (starting in 2023), increase greater than the inflation rate. The rebate amount equals the number of drug units sold in
Medicare multiplied by the amount the drug s price exceeds the inflation-adjusted price. The law also modifies the Medicare
Part D benefit structure to cap the amount beneficiaries must spend on drug costs and increase the discounts manufacturers are
required to pay. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 signals an increased desire to control the prices and costs associated with
pharmaceutical products. This legislation, as well as any future statutes or regulations at the federal or state level, may impact
reimbursement for our product candidates and may challenge our ability to realize an appropriate return on our investment in
research and product development. Any further legislative or administrative action to reduce reimbursement or health benefits to
beneficiaries under the Medicare or Medicaid program could affect the payment we could collect from sale of any product in the
United States. 

There
is substantial competition in the TRT market, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or
more successfully than us or our licensing partner. 

We
expect to face significant competition for any of our product candidates, if approved. In particular, TLANDO competes in the T-replacement
therapies market, which is competitive and currently dominated by the sale of T-gels and T-injectables. Receipt of future potential payments
under our licensing agreement will depend, in large part, on our licensing partner s ability to obtain an adequate share of the
market. Potential competitors in North America, Europe and elsewhere include major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical
companies, biotechnology firms, universities and other research institutions and government agencies. Other pharmaceutical companies
may develop oral T-replacement therapies that compete with TLANDO. For example, because TU is not a patented compound and is commercially
available to third parties, it is possible that competitors may design methods of TU administration that would be outside the scope of
the claims of either our issued patents or our patent applications. This would enable their products to effectively compete with TLANDO,
which could have a negative effect on potential payments under our licensing agreement. 

31 

The
following T-replacement therapies currently on the market in the United States would compete with TLANDO: 

Oral-T, such as Jatenzo and Kyzatrek; 

T-gels, such as AndroGel (marketed by Abbvie) and Perrigo s
 AB-rated 1 generic of AndroGel, Teva s 1 generic of AndroGel, Testim and its generics (marketed by Endo Health Solutions,
 or Endo), and Fortesta and its generics (marketed by Endo); 

T-injectables, including a subcutaneous auto-injector,
 XYOSTED, marketed by Antares Pharma, Inc.; 

Branded, longer-acting injectables, such as Aveed (marketed
 by Endo); 

T-nasals, such as Natesto (marketed by Acerus); 

methyl-T, such as Methitest (marketed by Impax) and
 Testred (marketed by Valeant); 

transdermal patches, such as Androderm (marketed by
 Allergan); 

buccal patches, such as Striant (marketed by Endo); 

generic testosterone enanthate intra-muscular injectables; 

authorized generic and generic T-gels; and 

subcutaneous injectable pellets, such as Testopel (marketed
 by Endo). 

On
March 27, 2019, Clarus product JATENZO , an oral TU product, was approved by the FDA and also received three years of marketing
exclusivity. On February 10, 2020, Clarus announced that JATENZO has been launched and is commercially available. The FDA approved
TLANDO on March 29, 2022, following the expiration of the exclusivity period granted to Clarus with respect to JATENZO . In October
2022, Clarus assets, including JATENZO , were purchased by Tolmar Pharmaceuticals Inc. in bankruptcy proceedings. 

We
are also aware of other pharmaceutical companies that have T-replacement therapies or testosterone therapies in development that may
be approved for marketing in the United States or outside of the United States. 

Based
on publicly available information, we believe that several other T-replacement therapies that would be competitive with TLANDO are in
varying stages of development, some of which may be approved, marketed and/or commercialized prior to TLANDO. These therapies include
T-gels, oral-T, an aromatase inhibitor, a new class of drugs called Selective Androgen Receptor Modulators and hydroalcoholic gel formulations
of dihydrotestosterone DHT ). 

In
light of the competitive landscape above, TLANDO will not be the only oral TRT to market, which may significantly affect the market acceptance
and commercial success of TLANDO. 

Furthermore,
many of our potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, and human resources than we do and significantly greater
experience in the discovery and development of drug candidates, obtaining FDA and other marketing approvals of products and the commercialization
of those products. Accordingly, our competitors may be more successful than we may be in obtaining FDA approval for drugs and achieving
widespread market acceptance. Our competitors drugs may be more effective, or more effectively marketed and sold, than our products
and may render our products obsolete or non-competitive before we can recover the expenses of developing and commercializing them. We
anticipate that we will face intense and increasing competition as new drugs enter the market and advanced technologies become available.
Failure to successfully compete in this market would materially and negatively impact our business and operations. 

32 

Our
licensee s ability to commercialize TLANDO may be limited. 

Our
licensee partner s ability to commercialize TLANDO is uncertain. Our licensee s ability to successfully commercialize TLANDO
is contingent upon numerous factors including, among other things, the completion of post-marketing studies, the availability of supplies,
commercial acceptance by patients, the medical community, and third-party payors, and the resources that our licensee devotes to the
commercialization of TLANDO. If our licensee is unable to successfully launch TLANDO commercially at scale, our business and operations
could be adversely affected. 

We
will not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates without establishing sales, marketing and market access capabilities
internally or through collaborators. 

We
currently do not have a sales, marketing and market access staff. If and when any of our product candidates are commercialized, we may
not be able to find suitable sales and marketing staff and collaborators for our product candidates. The outside collaborators we work
with, including Antares under the Antares License Agreement with respect to TLANDO, may not be adequate or successful and any collaborators
could terminate or materially reduce the effort they direct to our products. The development of collaborations or an internal sales force
and marketing, market access and sales capability will require significant capital, management resources and time. The cost of establishing
such a sales force may exceed any potential product revenues and our marketing, market access and sales efforts may be unsuccessful.
If we are unable to develop an internal marketing, market access and sales capability or if we are unable to enter into a marketing and
sales arrangement with a third party on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully commercialize our product candidates. 

Even
if we receive marketing approval in the United States, we may never receive regulatory approval to market our products outside the United
States, which could reduce the size of our potential markets and have a material adverse impact on our business. 

In
order to market any products outside of the United States, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements
of other countries regarding safety and efficacy. 

Approval
procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product candidate testing and additional administrative review periods. The
time required to obtain approvals in other countries might differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The marketing approval process
in other countries may include all of the risks detailed above regarding FDA approval in the United States as well as other risks. In
particular, in many countries outside of the United States, products must receive pricing and reimbursement approval before the product
can be commercialized. This can result in substantial delays in such countries. Marketing approval in one country does not ensure marketing
approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining marketing approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory
process in others. Failure to obtain marketing approval in other countries or any delay or setback in obtaining such approval would impair
our ability to market our products in such foreign markets. Any such impairment would reduce the size of our potential markets, which
could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and prospects. 

We
are subject to stringent government regulations concerning the clinical testing of our products and will continue to be subject to government
regulation of any product that receives regulatory approval. 

Numerous
statutes and regulations govern human testing and the manufacture and sale of human therapeutic products in the United States and other
countries where we intend to market our products. Such legislation and regulation bears upon, among other things, the approval of clinical
study protocols and human testing of our products, the approval of manufacturing facilities, testing procedures and controlled research,
the review and approval of manufacturing, preclinical and clinical data prior to marketing approval, including adherence to cGMP during
production and storage, and marketing activities including advertising and labeling. 

Clinical
trials may be delayed or suspended at any time by us or by the FDA or by other similar regulatory authorities if it is determined at
any time that patients may be or are being exposed to unacceptable health risks, including the risk of death, or if compounds are not
manufactured under acceptable cGMP conditions or with acceptable quality. Current regulations relating to regulatory approval may change
or become more stringent. The agencies may also require additional clinical trials to be run in order to provide additional information
regarding the safety, efficacy or equivalency of any compound for which we seek regulatory approval. Moreover, any regulatory approval
of a drug which is eventually obtained may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which that drug may be marketed. Furthermore,
product approvals may be withdrawn or limited in some way if problems occur following initial marketing or if compliance with regulatory
standards is not maintained. Regulatory agencies could become more risk adverse to any side effects or set higher standards of safety
and efficacy prior to reviewing or approving a product. This could result in a product not being approved. 

If
we, or any future marketing collaborators or CMOs, fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we may be subject to sanctions
including fines, product recalls or seizures and related publicity requirements, injunctions, total or partial suspension of production,
civil penalties, suspension or withdrawals of previously granted regulatory approvals, warning or untitled letters, refusal to approve
pending applications for marketing approval of new products or of supplements to approved applications, import or export bans or restrictions,
and criminal prosecution and penalties. Any of these penalties could delay or prevent the promotion, marketing or sale of our products. 

33 

The
successful commercialization of our product candidates and ability to generate significant revenue will depend on achieving market acceptance.

Even
if our product candidates are successfully developed and receive regulatory approval, they may not gain market acceptance among physicians,
patients, healthcare payers such as private insurers or governments and other funding parties and the medical community. The degree of
market acceptance for our products, if approved, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the relative convenience and ease of administration,
 including as compared to alternative treatments and competitive therapies; 

the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects;

limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved
 by the FDA; 

availability of alternative treatments, including a
 number of competitive therapies already approved or expected to be commercially launched in the near future; 

distribution and use restrictions imposed by the FDA
 or agreed to by us as part of a mandatory REMS or voluntary risk management plan; 

pricing and cost effectiveness; 

the effectiveness of our or any future collaborators 
 sales and marketing strategies; 

our ability to increase awareness of our products through
 marketing efforts; 

our ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage
 or reimbursement; and 

the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in
 the absence of third-party coverage. 

If
our product candidates are approved but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, healthcare payors and patients,
we may not generate sufficient revenue from our products and we may never become or remain profitable. In addition, our efforts to educate
the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our products may require significant resources and may never be successful. 

Even
if we obtain marketing approval for our products, physicians and patients using existing products may choose not to switch to our products.

Physicians
often show a reluctance to switch their patients from existing drug products even when new and potentially more effective and convenient
treatments enter the market. Also, physicians may be reluctant to switch patients if adequate reimbursement for new products is not available.
In addition, patients often acclimate to the brand or type of drug product that they are currently taking and do not want to switch unless
their physicians recommend switching products or they are required to switch drug treatments due to lack of reimbursement for existing
drug treatments and only if the new product has adequate reimbursement. The existence of either or both of physician or patient reluctance
in switching to our products would have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

The
FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. If we are found
to have improperly promoted off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. 

The
FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products, such as our
product candidates. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies
as reflected in the product s approved labeling. The FDA may impose further requirements or restrictions on the distribution or
use of our product candidates as part of a REMS plan, such as limiting prescribing to certain physicians or medical centers that have
undergone specialized training, limiting treatment to patients who meet certain safe-use criteria and requiring treated patients to enroll
in a registry. If we receive marketing approval for our product candidates, physicians may nevertheless prescribe our products to their
patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label. If we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, we may become
subject to significant liability, including potential liability under federal civil and criminal false claims acts. The federal government
has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging
in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified
promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. 

34 

If
we fail to comply with federal and state healthcare laws, including fraud and abuse and health information privacy and security laws,
we could face substantial penalties and our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be adversely affected.

As
a pharmaceutical company, even though we do not and will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid
or other third-party payers, certain federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients 
rights are and will be applicable to our business. We could be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse and patient privacy regulation by
both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which constrains
 our marketing practices, educational programs, pricing policies, and relationships with healthcare providers or other entities, by
 prohibiting, among other things, soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in
 return for, either the referral of an individual or the purchase or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable under a federal
 healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil
 monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented,
 claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payers that are false or fraudulent; 

HIPAA, which among other things created new federal
 criminal statutes that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating
 to healthcare matters; 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which,
 among other things, requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under
 certain federal healthcare programs to report annually information related to payments or other transfers of value 
 made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, and
 ownership and investment interests held by certain healthcare professionals and their immediate family members; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology
 for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and its implementing regulations, which imposes certain requirements relating to the
 privacy, security, breach notification, and transmission of individually identifiable health information; and 

state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above
 federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer,
 including commercial insurers, and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances,
 many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of available statutory and regulatory exceptions, it is possible that some of our business
activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. To the extent that any of our product candidates is ultimately
sold in countries other than the United States, we may be subject to similar laws and regulations in those countries. If we or our operations
are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject
to penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participating in government
healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages,
fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could materially adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial
results. Although compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks
cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause
us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving
and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state privacy, security and fraud laws may prove costly. 

The
Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General proposed new regulations on February 6, 2019 to eliminate safe harbor
protection under the anti-kickback statute for drug price reductions that pharmaceutical manufacturers pay to Medicare and Medicaid plan
sponsors and their pharmacy benefit managers. The proposal reflects a clear intent to substantially alter many of the current drug discount
and services compensation practices among pharmaceutical manufacturers and Medicare and Medicaid managed care organizations and their
pharmacy benefit managers. The proposal also reflects a skepticism that current drug discount and compensation practices among manufacturers
and pharmacy benefit managers are sufficiently transparent to health plans to ensure that all appropriate cost reductions and value is
passed through to health plans and reflected in lower health plans costs and lower premiums for beneficiaries. If the proposal is finalized,
it could result in lower prices for pharmaceutical products in general. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act enacted in 2021 delayed
the potential effective date of the proposal until January 1, 2026, and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 further delayed potential
implementation of the rule until 2032. If the regulation becomes effective, it could result in lower prices for pharmaceutical products
in general. 

35 

The
Biden Administration will have the opportunity to address these regulations as well as drug pricing, health care access, and other health
care reform issues. Any further legislative or administrative action to reduce reimbursement or health benefits to beneficiaries under
the Medicare or Medicaid program could affect the payment we could collect from sale of any product in the United States. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to retain our chief executive officer and other key executives and to attract, retain and motivate
qualified personnel. 

We
are highly dependent on Dr. Mahesh V. Patel and the other principal members of our executive team. Employment with our executives and
other employees are at will , meaning that there is no mandatory fixed term and their employment with us may be terminated
by us or by them for any or no reason. The loss of the services of any of our executives or other key employees might impede the achievement
of our research, development and commercialization objectives. Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific personnel and accounting
personnel will also be critical to our success. We may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel on acceptable terms, or
at all, given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition
for the hiring of scientific personnel from universities and research institutions. Failure to succeed in clinical trials may make it
more challenging to recruit and retain qualified scientific personnel. 

In
addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our development
and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under
consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. 

We
will need to grow our Company, and we may encounter difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 17 employees. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial,
operational and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Also, our
management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial
amount of time to managing these growth activities. Due to our limited resources, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion
of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. This may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, and give
rise to operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. The
physical expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert financial resources from other projects. If our management
is unable to effectively manage our future growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate revenue could
be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize
our product candidates and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 

Federal
legislation and actions by state and local governments may permit re-importation of drugs from foreign countries into the United States,
including foreign countries where the drugs are sold at lower prices than in the United States, which could materially adversely affect
our operating results. 

Our
licensing partner may face competition for TLANDO from lower priced T-replacement therapies from foreign countries that have placed price
controls on pharmaceutical products. The Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 contains provisions that
may change U.S. importation laws and expand pharmacists and wholesalers ability to import lower priced versions of an approved
drug and competing products from Canada, where there are government price controls. These changes to U.S. importation laws will not take
effect unless and until the Secretary of Health and Human Services certifies that the changes will pose no additional risk to the public s
health and safety and will result in a significant reduction in the cost of products to consumers. The Secretary of Health and Human
Services has not yet announced any plans to make this required certification . 

A
number of federal legislative proposals have been made to implement the changes to the U.S. importation laws without any certification
and to broaden permissible imports in other ways. Even if the changes do not take effect, and other changes are not enacted, imports
from Canada and elsewhere may continue to increase due to market and political forces, and the limited enforcement resources of the FDA,
U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other government agencies. For example, Pub. L. No. 111-83, which was signed into law in October
2009, provides appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the 2010 fiscal year, expressly prohibits U.S. Customs and
Border Protection from using funds to prevent individuals from importing from Canada less than a 90-day supply of a prescription drug
for personal use, when the drug otherwise complies with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. Further, several states and local governments
have implemented importation schemes for their citizens, and, in the absence of federal action to curtail such activities, we expect
other states and local governments to launch importation efforts. 

The
importation of foreign products that compete with our products could have an adverse effect on our revenue and profitability. 

36 

We
may become subject to the risk of product liability claims. 

We
face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater
risk on commercialized products. Human therapeutic products involve the risk of product liability claims and associated adverse publicity.
Currently, the principal risks we face relate to patients in our clinical trials, who may suffer unintended consequences. Claims might
be made by patients, healthcare providers or pharmaceutical companies or others. We may be sued if any product we develop allegedly causes
injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. 

For
example, to our knowledge, HPC has not been administered orally in a published clinical trial in any pregnant woman for the prevention
of PTB. We cannot be certain of the safety profile upon single oral or multiple oral administration of LPCN 1107 to the patient or the
fetus and its long term side effects on the mother as well as the child because (i) oral performance of LPCN 1107 may be substantially
different from efficacy and/or safety standpoint compared to FDA approved and commercialized intramuscular HPC, Makena, and (ii)
oral delivery of HPC could have a very different PK and/or pharmacodynamic profile that has never been experienced with non-oral administration
of HPC, thus having its own significant liability exposure independent of known safety of non-oral HPC in humans. 

Any
product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent
in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection
acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required
to limit commercialization of our product candidates, if approved. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management
resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for our product candidates; 

injury to our reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

initiation of investigations by regulators; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of management s time and our resources;

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or
 patients; 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing
 or promotional restrictions; 

loss of revenues from product sales; and 

the inability to commercialize any of our product candidates,
 if approved. 

We
may not have or be able to obtain or maintain sufficient and affordable insurance coverage, and without sufficient coverage any claim
brought against us could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We run clinical
trials through investigators that could be negligent through no fault of our own and which could affect patients, cause potential liability
claims against us and result in delayed or stopped clinical trials. We are required in many cases by contractual obligations, to indemnify
collaborators, partners, third party contractors, clinical investigators and institutions. These indemnifications could result in a material
impact due to product liability claims against us and/or these groups. We currently carry 3.0 million in product liability insurance,
which we believe is appropriate for our clinical trials. Although we maintain such insurance, any claim that may be brought against us
could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in
excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product
liability claim for which we have no coverage. We will have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that
exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital
to pay such amounts. 

Testosterone
is a Schedule III substance under the Controlled Substances Act and any failure to comply with this Act or its state equivalents would
have a negative impact on our business. 

Testosterone
is listed by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, or DEA, as a Schedule III substance under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970. The DEA
classifies substances as Schedule I, II, III, IV or V substances, with Schedule I substances considered to present the highest risk of
substance abuse and Schedule V substances the lowest risk. Scheduled substances are subject to DEA regulations relating to manufacturing,
storage, distribution and physician prescription procedures. For example, all regular Schedule III drug prescriptions must be signed
by a physician and may not be refilled more than six months after the date of the original prescription or more than five times unless
renewed by the physician. 

37 

Entities
must register annually with the DEA to manufacture, distribute, dispense, import, export and conduct research using controlled substances.
In addition, the DEA requires entities handling controlled substances to maintain records and file reports, follow specific labeling
and packaging requirements, and provide appropriate security measures to control against diversion of controlled substances. Failure
to follow these requirements can lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and possibly even lead to a revocation of a DEA
registration. Individual states also have controlled substances laws. State controlled substances laws often mirror federal law, however
because the states are separate jurisdictions, they may schedule products separately. While some states automatically schedule a drug
when the DEA does so, in other states there must be rulemaking or legislative action, which could delay commercialization. 

Products
containing controlled substances may generate public controversy. As a result, these products may have their marketing approvals withdrawn.
State and Federal legislatures and administrative agencies may take additional action to combat a perceived misuse or overuse of such
products. 

We
may have to dedicate resources to the defense and resolution of litigation. 

Securities
legislation in the United States makes it relatively easy for stockholders to sue companies. This can lead to frivolous lawsuits which
take substantial time, money, resources and attention or force us to settle such claims rather than seek adequate judicial remedy or
dismissal of such claims. Historically, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline
in the market price of its securities. Biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including us, have experienced significant stock price
volatility in recent years, increasing the risk of such litigation. As we defend the class action lawsuits or future patent infringement
actions should they be filed, or if we are required to defend additional actions brought by other shareholders, we may be required to
pay substantial litigation costs and managerial attention and financial resources may be diverted from business operations even if the
outcome is in our favor. In addition, while our insurance carrier may cover the costs of settling claims, the Company s capital
resources are critical to its continued operations, and the payment of litigation settlements and associated legal fees diverts these
capital resources away from our operations, even if such amounts do not have a material impact on our financial statements. 

On
November 14, 2019, the Company and certain of its officers were named as defendants in a purported shareholder class action lawsuit,
 Solomon Abady v. Lipocine Inc. et al ., 2:19-cv-00906-PMW, filed in the United District Court for the District of Utah. The complaint
alleges that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that our filing of the NDA for TLANDO to
the FDA contained deficiencies and as a result the defendants statements about our business and operations were false and misleading
and/or lacked a reasonable basis in violation of federal securities laws. The lawsuit seeks certification as a class action (for a purported
class of purchasers of the Company s securities from March 27, 2019 through November 8, 2019), compensatory damages in an unspecified
amount, and unspecified equitable or injunctive relief. We have insurance that covers claims of this nature. 

Defendants
intend to vigorously defend themselves against these allegations, but doing so may result in substantial litigation costs and managerial
attention and financial resources may be diverted from business operations even if the outcome is in favor of our current and former
officers and directors and the Company. 

Additionally
on April 2, 2019, we filed a lawsuit against Clarus in the United States District Court in Delaware alleging that Clarus s JATENZO 
product infringes six of Lipocine s issued U.S. patents: 9,034,858; 9,205,057; 9,480,690; 9,757,390; 6,569,463; and 6,923,988.
Clarus answered the complaint and asserted counterclaims of non-infringement and invalidity. We answered Clarus s counterclaims
on April 29, 2019. On February 11, 2020, we voluntarily dismissed allegations of patent infringement for expired U.S. Patent Nos. 6,569,463
and 6,923,988 in an effort to streamline the issues and associated costs for dispute. The Court held a scheduling conference on August
15, 2019, a claim construction hearing on February 11, 2020 and a summary judgment hearing on January 15, 2021. In May 2021, the Court
granted Clarus motion for Summary Judgment, finding the asserted claims of Lipocine s U.S. patents 9,034,858; 9,205,057;
9,480,690; and 9,757,390 invalid for failure to satisfy the written description requirement of 35 U.S.C. 112. Clarus still had
remaining claims before the Court. On July 13, 2021, we entered into a Global Agreement with Clarus which resolved all outstanding claims
of this litigation. Under the terms of the settlement, we agreed to pay Clarus 4.0 million, payable as follows: 2.5 million immediately,
 1.0 million on July 13, 2022 and 500,000 on July 13, 2023. In April 2022, we amended the Global Agreement with Clarus in an Amended
Settlement Agreement and we agreed to settle the payments due in July 2022 and 2023 for 1,250,000 rather than the 1,500,000 total future
payments due under the terms of the Global Agreement agreed to in 2021. The payment of this and other settlement payments divert capital
resources away from our operations, which may adversely affect our business. 

38 

Cyber
security risks and the failure to maintain the integrity of company, employee or guest data could expose us to data loss, litigation
and liability, and our reputation could be significantly harmed. 

We
collect and third parties collaborating on our clinical trials collect and retain large volumes of data, including personally identifiable
information regarding clinical trial participants and others, for business purposes, including for regulatory, research and development
and commercialization purposes, and our collaborators various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and report
such data. We also maintain personally identifiable information about our employees. The integrity and protection of our Company, employee
and clinical data is critical to our business. We are subject to significant security and privacy regulations, as well as requirements
imposed by government regulation. Maintaining compliance with these evolving regulations and requirements could be difficult and may
increase our expenses. In addition, a penetrated or compromised data system or the intentional, inadvertent or negligent release or disclosure
of data could result in theft, loss or fraudulent or unlawful use of company, employee or clinical data which could harm our reputation,
disrupt our operations, or result in remedial and other costs, fines or lawsuits. 

Risks
Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 

We
may enter into license agreements and/or collaborations with third parties for the development and commercialization of our drug candidates.
If those collaborations, including, without limitation, our license arrangement with Antares for the development and commercialization
of TLANDO, are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of these drug candidates and may have to alter
our development and commercialization plans for our products. 

Our
drug development programs for our product candidates will require substantial additional cash to fund expenses. We have not yet established
any collaborative arrangements relating to the development or commercialization of LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101, LPCN 1111, LPCN 1144, LPCN 1148,
or LPCN 1107. We have entered into the Antares License Agreement for TLANDO with respect to TRT in the U.S. We intend to continue to
develop our product candidates in the United States with or without a partner although our ability to advance these product candidates
will depend on our capital resources and/or our ability to find a suitable partner to further develop our product candidates. In order
to commercialize our TLANDO product candidates in the United States, we have partnered with Antares with respect to TLANDO and we will
likely look to establish a partnership arrangements with respect to the development of some of our other product candidates. We may also
seek to enter into collaborative arrangements to develop and commercialize our product candidates outside the United States. We will
face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators and these collaborations are complex and time-consuming to negotiate
and document. We may not be able to negotiate collaborations on acceptable terms or in a timely manner, or at all. If that were to occur,
we may have to curtail the development or delay commercialization of our product candidates in certain geographies, reduce the scope
of our sales or marketing activities, reduce the scope of our development plans, or increase our expenditures and undertake development
or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization
activities either inside or outside of the United States on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available
to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

To
the extent we have, and if we do enter into any further such arrangements with any third parties, we will likely have limited control
over the amount and timing of resources that our partners dedicate to the development or commercialization of our product candidates.
On October 14, 2021, we entered into the Antares License Agreement with Antares, pursuant to which we granted to Antares an exclusive,
royalty-bearing, sublicensable right and license to develop and commercialize our TLANDO product with respect to TRT in the U.S. Consequently,
our ability to generate any revenues from TLANDO with respect to TRT in the U.S. depends on the efforts of Antares to commercialize TLANDO.
We have very limited control over the amount and timing of resources that Antares dedicates to these efforts. 

Our
ability to generate revenues from this and other collaborative arrangements will depend on our collaborators abilities and efforts
to successfully perform the functions agreed to with them in these arrangements. License agreements and/or collaborations involving our
drug candidates, such as our agreement with Antares, pose numerous risks to us, including the following: 

partners have significant discretion
 in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these efforts and may not perform their obligations as expected; 

partners may de-emphasize or not
 pursue development and commercialization of our drug candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization
 programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the partners strategic focus, including as a result of a sale or disposition
 of a business unit or development function, or available funding or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources
 or creates competing priorities; 

partners may delay clinical trials,
 provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a drug candidate, repeat or conduct new
 clinical trials or require a new formulation of a drug candidate for clinical testing; 

39 

partners could independently develop,
 or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products or drug candidates if the partners
 believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more
 economically attractive than ours; 

partners may not be able to acquire
 and maintain supplier and manufacturer relationships necessary to successfully commercialize our products; 

a partner with marketing and distribution
 rights to multiple products may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of our product relative to other
 products; 

partners may not properly obtain,
 maintain, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information and intellectual property in
 such a way as to invite litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings that could jeopardize or invalidate our proprietary
 information and intellectual property or expose us to potential litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings; 

disputes may arise between our partners
 and us that result in the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our products or drug candidates
 or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

agreements may be terminated and,
 if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable drug
 candidates; 

agreements may not lead to development
 or commercialization of drug candidates in the most efficient manner or at all; and 

if a partner of ours were to be
 involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our product development or commercialization program could
 be delayed, diminished or terminated. 

If
our license arrangements with Antares, or any future license or collaboration we may enter into, if any, are not successful, our business,
financial condition, results of operations, prospects and development and commercialization efforts may be adversely affected. Any termination
or expiration of the Antares License Agreement, or any future license or collaboration we may enter into, if any, could adversely affect
us financially or harm our business reputation, development and commercialization efforts. 

We
rely upon third-party contractors and service providers for the execution of some aspects of our development programs. Failure of these
collaborators to provide services of a suitable quality and within acceptable timeframes may cause the delay or failure of our development
programs. 

We
outsource certain functions, tests and services to contract research organizations CROs ), medical institutions and collaborators;
and also outsource manufacturing to collaborators and/or contract manufacturers CMO s ). We also rely on third parties
for quality assurance, clinical monitoring, clinical data management and regulatory expertise. We may also engage a CRO to run all aspects
of a clinical trial on our behalf. There is no assurance that such individuals or organizations will be able to provide the functions,
tests, drug supply or services as agreed upon or in a quality fashion. Any failure to do so could cause us to suffer significant delays
in the development of our products or processes. 

Due
to our reliance on CROs or other third parties to assist us or who have historically assisted us in conducting clinical trials, we will
be unable to directly control all aspects of our clinical trials . 

We
engaged a CRO to conduct our SOAR, DV and DF Phase 3 clinical studies for TLANDO, as well as the ABPM study for TLANDO. Additionally,
we utilized a CRO for the Phase 2 LiFT clinical study for LPCN 1144 and are utilizing a CRO for the on-going Phase 2 clinical
study for LPCN 1148. As a result, we have less direct control over the conduct of our clinical trials, the timing and completion of the
trials and the management of data developed through the trials than if we were relying entirely upon our own staff. Communicating with
outside parties can also be challenging, potentially leading to mistakes as well as difficulties in coordinating activities. Outside
parties, including CROs, may: 

have staffing difficulties or disruptions; 

fail to comply with contractual obligations; 

experience regulatory compliance issues; 

40 

undergo changes in priorities or may become financially
 distressed; 

form relationships with other entities, some of which
 may be our competitors; or 

manufacturing capacity limitations. 

These
factors may materially adversely affect their willingness or ability to conduct our trials in a manner acceptable to us. We may experience
unexpected cost increases that are beyond our control. 

Moreover,
the FDA requires us to comply with GCP s for conducting, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that
data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected.
Our reliance on third parties that we do not control does not relieve us of these responsibilities and requirements. 

Problems
with the timeliness or quality of the work of a CRO may lead us to seek to terminate the relationship and use an alternative service
provider. However, making this change may be costly and may delay our trials, and contractual restrictions may make such a change difficult
or impossible. If we must replace any CRO that is conducting our clinical trials, our trials may have to be suspended until we find another
CRO that offers comparable services. The time that it takes us to find alternative organizations may cause a delay in the commercialization
of our product candidates or may cause us to incur significant expenses to replicate data that may be lost. Although we do not believe
that any CRO on which we may rely will offer services that are not available elsewhere, it may be difficult to find a replacement organization
that can conduct our trials in an acceptable manner and at an acceptable cost. Any delay in or inability to complete our clinical trials
could significantly compromise our ability to secure regulatory approval of our product candidates and preclude our ability to commercialize
them, thereby limiting or preventing our ability to generate revenue from their sales. 

We
and our licensee rely on a single supplier for our supply of testosterone esters, the active pharmaceutical ingredient of TLANDO, LPCN
1111, LPCN 1148, and LPCN 1144, and the loss of this supplier could harm our business. 

We
and our licensee rely on a single third-party supplier for our supply of testosterone esters, the active pharmaceutical ingredient of
TLANDO, LPCN 1111, LPCN 1148, and LPCN 1144. Since there are only a limited number of testosterone esters suppliers in the world, if
this supplier ceases to provide us with testosterone esters, we or our licensee may be unable to procure testosterone esters on commercially
favorable terms and/or may not be able to obtain testosterone esters in a timely manner. Furthermore, the limited number of suppliers
of testosterone esters may provide such companies with greater opportunity to raise their prices. If we or our licensee are unable to
obtain testosterone esters in a timely manner and/or in sufficient quantities, our ability to develop, and potentially commercialize,
LPCN 1111, LPCN 1148, and LPCN 1144 may be adversely affected. In addition, any increase in price for testosterone esters will likely
reduce our potential gross margins for LPCN 1111, LPCN 1148 and LPCN 1144. 

We
rely on limited suppliers for our supply of NAS, the active pharmaceutical ingredient of LPCN 1154 and LPCN 2101, and the loss of these
limited suppliers could harm our business. 

We
rely on a limited third-party supplier for our supply NAS, the active pharmaceutical ingredient of LPCN 1154 and LPCN 2101. Since there
are only a limited number of NAS suppliers in the world, if a supplier ceases to provide us with NAS, we may be unable to procure NAS
on developmental or commercially favorable terms. Furthermore, the limited number of suppliers of NAS may provide such suppliers with
a greater opportunity to raise their prices. If we are unable to obtain NAS in a timely manner and/or in sufficient quantities, our ability
to develop LPCN 1154 and LPCN 2101 may be adversely affected. 

If
we do not establish successful collaborations, we may have to alter our development and commercialization plans for our products. 

Our
drug development programs for our product candidates will require substantial additional cash to fund expenses. We have not yet established
any collaborative arrangements relating to the development or commercialization of LPCN 1148, LPCN 1144, LPCN 1111, or LPCN 1107. We
intend to continue to develop some of our product candidates in the United States without a partner although our ability to advance these
product candidates will depend on our capital resources. However, in order to commercialize our product candidates in the United States,
we will likely look to establish a partnership or co-promotion arrangement with an established pharmaceutical company that has a sales
force, collaborate on the establishment of an internal sales force or build an internal sales force on our own. We may also seek to enter
into collaborative arrangements to develop and commercialize our product candidates outside the United States. We will face significant
competition in seeking appropriate collaborators and these collaborations are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. We
may not be able to negotiate collaborations on acceptable terms or in a timely manner, or at all. If that were to occur, we may have
to curtail the development or delay commercialization of our product candidates in certain geographies, reduce the scope of our sales
or marketing activities, reduce the scope of our commercialization plans, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization
activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities either inside
or outside of the United States on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

41 

If
we are successful in entering into collaborative arrangements and any of our collaborative partners does not devote sufficient time and
resources to a collaboration arrangement with us, we may not realize the potential commercial benefits of the arrangement, and our results
of operations may be materially adversely affected. In addition, if any future collaboration partner were to breach or terminate its
arrangements with us, the development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed, curtailed or terminated because
we may not have sufficient financial resources or capabilities to continue development and commercialization of our product candidates
on our own in such locations. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our
stock price could decline significantly based on the results and timing of clinical trials, and/or regulatory and other decisions affecting
our product candidates. 

Results
of clinical trials and preclinical studies of our current and potential product candidates may not be viewed favorably by us or third
parties, including the FDA or other regulatory authorities, investors, analysts and potential collaborators. The same may be true of
how we design the clinical trials of our product candidates and regulatory decisions affecting those clinical trials. Pharmaceutical
company stock prices have declined significantly when such results and decisions were unfavorable or perceived negatively or when a product
candidate did not otherwise meet expectations. The final results from our clinical development programs may be negative, may not meet
expectations or may be perceived negatively. The designs of our clinical trials (which may change significantly and be more expensive
than currently anticipated depending on our clinical results and regulatory decisions) may also be viewed negatively by third parties.
We may not be successful in completing these clinical trials on our projected timetable, if at all. In addition, we may never achieve
FDA approval for any of our product candidates other than TLANDO, which could cause our stock price to decline significantly and have
other significant adverse effects on our business. 

If
we do not maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting
may be adversely affected. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually
and disclosure controls and procedures quarterly. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal
control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting,
as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If material weaknesses are identified in the future or we are not able to comply
with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, our reported financial results could be materially misstated, we could receive
an adverse opinion regarding our internal controls over financial reporting from our accounting firm, and we could be subject to investigations
or sanctions by regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources, and the market price of our
stock could decline. 

We
incur significant expenses in order to comply with the requirements of being a public company in the United States. 

As
a public company, we incur significantly more legal, accounting and other expenses than as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and U.S. stock exchanges impose numerous requirements on public companies,
including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. Also, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual,
quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. Our management and other personnel will need to devote
a substantial amount of time to compliance with these laws and regulations. These requirements have increased and will continue to increase
our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs and have made and will continue to make some activities more time consuming and
costly. 

Our
share price is expected to be volatile and may be influenced by numerous factors that are beyond our control. 

A
low share price and low market valuation may make it difficult to raise sufficient additional cash due to the significant dilution to
current stockholders. Market prices for shares of biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies such as ours are often volatile. The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, most of which we cannot control, including: 

the
 success of the commercial launch of TLANDO; 

plans
 for, costs of, progress of and results from clinical trials of our product candidates; 

the
 failure of our product candidates to receive FDA approval; 

42 

regulatory
 uncertainty in the TRT class; 

FDA
 Advisory Committee meetings and related recommendations including meetings convened on the TRT class or on similar companies; 

announcements
 by the FDA that may impact on-going clinical studies related to safety or efficacy of TRT products; 

product
 approval and potential FDA required labeling language and/or Phase 4 study commitments; 

announcements
 of new products, technologies, commercial relationships, acquisitions or other events by us or our competitors; 

our
 ability to license our products to third parties; 

failure
 to engage with collaborators or build an internal sales force to commercialize our products should a product candidate other than
 TLANDO receive FDA approval; 

the
 success or failure of other TRT products or non-testosterone based testosterone therapy products; 

failure
 of our products, if approved, to achieve commercial success; 

fluctuations
 in stock market prices and trading volumes of similar companies; 

general
 market conditions and overall fluctuations in U.S. equity markets; 

variations
 in our quarterly operating results; 

changes
 in our financial guidance or securities analysts estimates of our financial performance; 

changes
 in accounting principles; 

sales
 of large blocks of our common stock, including sales by our executive officers, directors and significant stockholders; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

discussion
 of us or our stock price by the press and by online investor communities; 

our
 cash balance; and 

other
 risks and uncertainties described in these risk factors. 

In
recent years, the stock of other biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies has experienced extreme price fluctuations that have been
unrelated to the operating performance of the affected companies. There can be no assurance that the market price of our shares of common
stock will not experience significant fluctuations in the future, including fluctuations that are unrelated to our performance. These
fluctuations may result due to macroeconomic and world events, national or local events, general perception of the biotechnology industry
or to a lack of liquidity. In addition, other biotechnology companies or our competitors programs could have positive or negative
results that impact their stock prices and their results, or stock fluctuations could have a positive or negative impact on our stock
price regardless of whether such impact is direct or not. 

Stockholders
may not agree with our business, scientific, clinical, commercial, or financial strategy, including additional dilutive financings, and
may decide to sell their shares or vote against shareholder proposals. Such actions could materially impact our stock price. In addition,
portfolio managers of funds or large investors can change or change their view on us and decide to sell our shares. These actions could
have a material impact on our stock price. In order to complete a financing, or for other business reasons, we may elect to consolidate
our shares of common stock. Investors may not agree with these actions and may sell our shares. We may have little or no ability to impact
or alter such decisions. 

43 

The
stock prices of many companies in the biotechnology industry have experienced wide fluctuations that have often been unrelated to the
operating performance of the companies. Following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities
class action litigation often has been initiated against a company. For example, on July 1, 2016, the Company and certain of its officers
were named as defendants in a purported shareholder class action lawsuit, David Lewis v. Lipocine Inc., et al ., filed in the United
States District Court for the District of New Jersey. This initial action was followed by additional lawsuits also filed in the District
of New Jersey. David Lewis v Lipocine Inc., et al. was ultimately settled. Additionally on November 14, 2019, the Company and certain
of its officers were named as defendants in a purported shareholder class action lawsuit, Solomon Abady v. Lipocine Inc. et al .,
2:19-cv-00906-PMW, filed in the United District Court for the District of Utah. This initial action was followed by additional lawsuits
also filed in the United States District Court for the District of Utah. These current class action lawsuits and any future class action
litigation that may be initiated against us may result in us incurring substantial costs and our management s attention may be
diverted from our operations, which could significantly harm our business. In addition, such litigation could lead to increased volatility
in our share price. 

The
value of our warrants outstanding from the November 2019 Offering is subject to potentially material increases and decreases based on
fluctuations in the price of our common stock. 

In
November 2019, we completed a public offering of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock (the November 2019 Offering ).
Gross proceeds from the November 2019 Offering were approximately 6.0 million. In the November 2019 Offering, the Company sold (i) 10,450,000
Class A Units, with each Class A Unit consisting of one share of common stock and a common stock warrant to purchase one share of common
stock, and (ii) 1,550,000 Class B Units, with each Class B Unit consisting of one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of a common
stock and one common stock warrant to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 0.50 per Class A Unit and 0.4999 per Class B
Unit. The pre-funded warrants were issued in lieu of common stock in order to ensure the purchaser did not exceed certain beneficial
ownership limitations. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable at an exercise price of .0001 per share, subject to adjustment.
Additionally, the common stock warrants were immediately exercisable at an exercise price of 0.50 per share and expire on November 17,
2024. 

We
account for the common stock warrants as a derivative instrument, and changes in the fair value of the warrants are included under other
income (expense) in the Company s statements of operations for each reporting period. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate fair
value of the warrant liability included in the Company s consolidated balance sheet was 230,000. We use the Black-Scholes option
pricing model to determine the fair value of the warrants. As a result, the option-pricing model requires the input of several assumptions,
including the stock price volatility, share price and risk-free interest rate. Changes in these assumptions can materially affect the
fair value estimate. While the liability may only result from a change of control at a point in time, we ultimately may incur amounts
significantly different than the carrying value of the liability. 

We
may not be able to maintain our listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market, which would adversely affect the price and liquidity of our common
stock. 

As
a small capitalization pharmaceutical company, the price of our common shares has been, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile.
Any announcements concerning us or our competitors, clinical trial results, quarterly variations in operating results, introduction of
new products, delays in the introduction of new products or changes in product pricing policies by us or our competitors, acquisition
or loss of significant customers, partners and suppliers, changes in earnings estimates or our ratings by analysts, regulatory developments,
or fluctuations in the economy or general market conditions, among other factors, could cause the market price of our common shares to
fluctuate substantially. There can be no assurance that the market price of our common shares will not decline below its current price
or that it will not experience significant fluctuations in the future, including fluctuations that are unrelated to our performance. 

Currently
our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol LPCN . We must satisfy certain minimum listing
maintenance requirements to maintain the NASDAQ Capital Market quotation, including certain governance requirements and a series of financial
tests relating to stockholders equity or net income or market value, public float, number of market makers and stockholder, market
capitalization, and maintaining a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share. 

On
June 7, 2022, we received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The NASDAQ Stock Market stating that the bid price of
our common stock for the previous 30 consecutive trading days had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share required for continued listing
on The NASDAQ Capital Market under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). We had a period of 180 calendar days, or until December 5, 2022, to
regain compliance with the rule. In accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we provided written notice to NASDAQ of our intent
to cure the deficiency, including, if necessary, by effecting a reverse stock split and, on December 6, 2022, we received notification
from NASDAQ providing an additional 180-day grace period, until June 5, 2023, to regain compliance with the NASDAQ Marketplace Rule s
 1.00 minimum bid price requirement. 

In
the event that we do not regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules prior to the expiration of the compliance period, we will receive
written notification that our securities are subject to delisting. At that time, we may appeal the delisting determination to a hearings
panel pursuant to the procedures set forth in the applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules. We intend to actively monitor our bid price and will
consider available options to resolve the deficiency and regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules, including considering whether
to conduct a reverse stock split. 

44 

If
Nasdaq delists our common stock from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our
 securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our common stock is a penny
 stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced
 level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities
 or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. If our common stock continues to be listed on
NASDAQ, our common stock will be a covered security. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the
federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent
activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware
law and our stockholder rights plan, might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company or changes in our Board of
Directors or management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that may depress the
market price of our common stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders
may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares of our common
stock. These provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove members of our Board of Directors
or our management. Our corporate governance documents include provisions: 

limiting the ability of our stockholders to call and
 bring business before special meetings and to take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting; 

requiring advance notice of stockholder proposals for
 business to be conducted at meetings of our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors;

authorizing blank check preferred stock, which could
 be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock; and 

limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification
 to, our directors and officers. 

As
a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, which limits the ability of stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from engaging in certain business
combinations with us. Any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws or Delaware
law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium
for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 

Additionally,
on November 5, 2021, we adopted an amended and restated stockholder rights plan that would cause substantial dilution to, and substantially
increase the costs paid by, a stockholder who attempts to acquire us on terms not approved by our board. The intent of the stockholder
rights plan is to protect our stockholders interests by encouraging anyone seeking control of our Company to negotiate with our
board. However, our stockholder rights plan could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board,
even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders. This plan may discourage, delay or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt,
including offers or attempts that could result in a premium over the market price of our common stock. This plan could reduce the price
that stockholders might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock in the future. Furthermore, the anti-takeover provisions of
our stockholder rights plan may entrench management and make it more difficult to replace management even if the stockholders consider
it beneficial to do so. 

45 

The
common warrants issued in the November 2019 Offering include a right to receive the Black Scholes value of the warrants in the event
of a fundamental transaction, which payment would be senior to our common stock. 

The
common warrants issued in the November 2019 Offering provide that, in the event of a fundamental transaction, including,
among other things, a merger or consolidation of the Company or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, the holders
of such warrants have the option to require the Company to pay to such holders an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes value of
the warrants. Such amount would be payable prior to any payments to holders of our common stock. The payment of such amount could result
in common stockholders and other warrant holders not receiving any consideration if we were to liquidate, dissolve or wind up, either
voluntarily or involuntarily. In addition, the existence of such right may reduce the value of our common stock, make it harder for us
to sell shares of common stock in offerings in the future, or prevent or delay a change of control. 

We
have no current plans to pay dividends on our common stock and investors must look solely to stock appreciation for a return on their
investment in us. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all future earnings
to fund the development and growth of our business. Any payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors
and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and
contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends and other considerations that the board of directors deems relevant. Investors
may need to rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return
on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

Our
management and directors will be able to exert influence over our affairs. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our executive officers and directors beneficially owned approximately 5.5 of our common stock. These stockholders,
if they act together, may be able to influence our management and affairs and all matters requiring stockholder approval, including significant
corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control and might affect
the market price of our common stock. 

The
market price of our common stock has been volatile over the past year and may continue to be volatile. 

The
market price and trading volume of our common stock has been volatile over the past year, and it may continue to be volatile. During
2022, our common stock has traded as low as 0.37 and as high as 1.85 per share. We cannot predict the price at which our common stock
will trade in the future, and it may decline. The price at which our common stock trades may fluctuate significantly and may be influenced
by many factors, including our financial results; developments generally affecting our industry; general economic, industry and market
conditions; the depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock; investor perceptions of our business; reports by industry analysts;
announcements by other market participants, including, among others, investors, our competitors, and our customers; regulatory action
affecting our business; and the impact of other Risk Factors discussed herein and in our Annual Report. In addition, changes
in the trading price of our common stock may be inconsistent with our operating results and outlook. The volatility of the market price
of our common stock may adversely affect investors ability to purchase or sell shares of our common stock. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price
could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. We currently only have limited securities and industry analysts providing research coverage of our Company and may
never obtain additional research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no additional securities or industry analysts commence
coverage of our Company or if current securities analyst coverage of our Company ceases, the trading price for our stock could be negatively
impacted. If the analysts downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would
likely decline. If analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which
could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 

Risks
Relating to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 

We
will need substantial additional capital in the future. If additional capital is not available, we will have to delay, reduce or cease
operations. 

We
will need to raise additional capital to continue to fund our operations. Our future capital requirements may be substantial and will
depend on many factors including: 

market conditions for raising capital, particularly for life science companies; 

current
 and future clinical trials for our product candidates, including for LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101, and LPCN 1148; 

regulatory
 actions of the FDA; 

46 

the
 scope, size, rate of progress, results and costs of completing ongoing clinical trials and development plans with our product candidates; 

the
 cost, timing and outcomes of our efforts to obtain marketing approval for our product candidates in the United States; 

payments
 received under any current or future license agreements, strategic partnerships or collaborations; 

the
 cost of filing, prosecuting and enforcing patent claims; 

the
 costs associated with commercializing our product candidates if we receive marketing approval for product candidates other than TLANDO,
 including the cost and timing of developing internal sales and marketing capabilities or entering into strategic collaborations to
 market and sell our products; 

the
 costs of on-going and future litigation; 

covenants
 in the Securities Purchase Agreements entered into in the February 2020 Offering and the November 2019 Offering restricting our ability
 to enter into variable rate transactions; and 

funding
 additional product line expansions. 

We
believe that our existing capital resources, together with interest thereon, will be sufficient to meet our projected operating requirements
through at least March 31, 2024. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available
capital resources sooner than we currently expect. While we believe we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to fund our projected
operating requirements through at least March 31, 2024, we will need to raise additional capital at some point through the equity or
debt markets or through out-licensing activities, either before or after March 31, 2024, to support our operations, the on-going clinical
development of LPCN 1154, and compliance with regulatory requirements. If the Company is unsuccessful in raising additional capital,
its ability to continue as a going concern will become a risk. Further, our operating plan may change, and we may need additional funds
to meet operational needs and capital requirements for product development, regulatory compliance, and clinical trial activities sooner
than planned. In addition, our capital resources may be consumed more rapidly if we pursue additional clinical studies for LPCN 1154,
LPCN 2101, LPCN 1148, LPCN 1111, LPCN 1144, and LPCN 1107. Conversely, our capital resources could last longer if we reduce expenses,
reduce the number of activities currently contemplated under our operating plan or if we terminate or suspend on-going clinical studies. 

Funding
may not be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Also, market conditions and the number of authorized shares we have available
may prevent us from accessing the debt and equity capital markets, including sales of our common stock through the ATM Offering (as defined
below). If we are unable to obtain adequate financing when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of or suspend one or more of
our clinical studies, research and development programs or, if any of our product candidates other than TLANDO receive approval from
the FDA, commercialization efforts. We may seek to raise any necessary additional capital through a combination of public or private
equity offerings, including the ATM Offering, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other
marketing and distribution arrangements. These arrangements may not be available to us or available on terms favorable to us. To the
extent that we raise additional capital through marketing and distribution arrangements, other collaborations, strategic alliances or
licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, future revenue streams,
research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we do raise additional capital
through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these
securities may include liquidation or other preferences, warrants or other terms that adversely affect our stockholders rights
or further complicate raising additional capital in the future. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject
to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures
or declaring dividends. If we are unable, for any reason, to raise needed capital, we will have to reduce costs, delay research and development
programs, liquidate assets, dispose of rights, commercialize products or product candidates earlier than planned or on less favorable
terms than desired, or reduce or cease operations. 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations, or require us to relinquish rights. 

We
may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, and strategic
and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or securities convertible
or exchangeable into common stock, current stockholders ownership interest in the Company will be diluted. In addition, the terms
may include liquidation or other preferences that materially adversely affect their rights as a stockholder. Debt financing, if available,
would increase our fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to
take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional
funds through collaboration, strategic alliance and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights
to our product candidates, our intellectual property, future revenue streams or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

47 

We
cannot predict when we will generate product revenues and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

Our
ability to become profitable depends upon our ability to generate revenue from product sales and/or licensing agreements. To date, we
have not generated any significant revenue from product sales of TLANDO or our other drug candidates in the current pipeline, and we
do not know when, or if, we will generate significant revenue from product sales. Our ability to generate revenue depends on a number
of factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to: 

other than for TLANDO in the U.S., obtain U.S. and
 foreign marketing approval for our product candidates; 

commercialize our product candidates by developing
 a sales force and/or entering into licensing agreements or collaborations with partners/third parties, either before or after obtaining
 marketing approval for our product candidates; and 

achieve market acceptance of our product candidates
 in the medical community and with third-party payors. 

Even
if our product candidates other than TLANDO are approved for commercial sale, we expect to incur significant costs as we prepare to commercialize
them. Even if we receive FDA approval for our product candidates, they may not be commercially successful drugs. We may not achieve profitability
soon after generating product sales, if ever. If we are unable to generate product revenue, we will not become profitable and may be
unable to continue operations without continued funding. 

Accordingly,
the likelihood of our success must be evaluated in light of many potential challenges and variables associated with an early-stage drug
development company, many of which are outside of our control, and past operating or financial results should not be relied on as an
indication of future results. If one or more of our product candidates is approved for commercial sale and we retain commercial rights,
we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any such approved product candidate. Therefore, even if we
are able to generate revenues from the sale of any approved product, we may never become profitable. Because of the numerous risks and
uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of expenses and when
we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability, if ever. 

We
have incurred significant operating losses in most years since our inception and anticipate that we will incur continued losses for the
foreseeable future. 

We
have focused a significant portion of our efforts on developing TLANDO and more recently on our oral neuroactive steroids LPCN 1154 and
LPCN 2101, LPCN 1148, and LPCN 1144. We have funded our operations to date through sales of our equity securities, debt, and payments
received under our license and collaboration arrangements. We have incurred losses in most years since our inception. As of December
31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 183.4 million. Substantially all of our operating losses resulted from costs incurred in
connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. These
losses, combined with expected future losses, have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity
and working capital. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in connection with clinical trials associated with our
oral neuroactive steroids LPCN 1154 and LPCN 2101, LPCN 1148, and LPCN 1111, LPCN 1144, and LPCN 1107, if further clinical trials are
initiated. As a result, we expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future as we evaluate further
clinical development of LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101, LPCN 1148, LPCN 1111, LPCN 1144, and LPCN 1107 and our other programs and continued research
efforts. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products, we are unable to predict
the extent of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if at all. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly, and any failure to meet financial expectations may disappoint securities analysts or investors
and result in a decline in the price of our securities. 

We
have a history of operating losses. Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to do so in the future. These fluctuations
could cause our share price to decline. Due to fluctuations in our operating results, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of
our results are not indicative of our future performance. It is possible that in some future quarter or quarters, our operating results
will be above or below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. In this case, the price of our securities could decline. 

Risks
Relating to Our Intellectual Property 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property. It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights
and technology, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 

Our
commercial success will depend in large part on obtaining and maintaining patent, trademark and trade secret protection of our product
candidates, their respective formulations, methods used to manufacture them and methods of treatment, as well as successfully defending
these patents against third party challenges. Our ability to stop unauthorized third parties from making, using, selling, offering to
sell, or importing our product candidates, once commercialized, is dependent upon the extent to which we have rights under valid and
enforceable patents or trade secrets that cover these activities. 

48 

The
patent positions of pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and related companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual
questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in patents
in these fields has emerged to date in the United States. There have been changes regarding how patent laws are interpreted, and both
the United States Patent and Trademark Office PTO and Congress have enacted radical changes to the patent system. We
cannot accurately predict future changes in the interpretation of patent laws or changes to patent laws which might be enacted into law.
Those changes may materially affect our patents, our ability to obtain patents and/or the patents and applications of our collaborators
and licensors. The patent situation in these fields outside the United States is even more uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws
or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property or
narrow the scope of our patent protection. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in the
patents we own or which we license or third-party patents. 

The
degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately
protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep a competitive advantage. For example: 

others may be able to make or use compounds that are
 the same or similar to the pharmaceutical compounds used in our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of our
 patents; 

the Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients APIs in our licensed product TLANDO and current product candidates LPCN 1148, LPCN 1144, LPCN 1111, and LPCN 1107 are, or may soon become,
 commercially available in generic drug products, and no patent protection may be available without regard to formulation or method
 of use; 

we may not be able to detect infringement against our
 owned or licensed patents, which may be especially difficult for manufacturing processes or formulation patents; 

we might not have been the first to make the inventions
 covered by our issued patents or pending patent applications or those we license; 

we might not have been the first to file patent applications
 for these inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative
 technologies or duplicate any of our technologies; 

it is possible that our pending patent applications
 or those of our licensor will not result in issued patents; 

it is possible that there are dominating patents to
 any of our product candidates of which we are not aware; 

it is possible that there are prior public disclosures
 that could invalidate our patents, or parts of our patents, of which we are not aware; 

it is possible that others may circumvent our owned
 or licensed patents; 

it is possible that there are unpublished applications
 or patent applications maintained in secrecy that may later issue with claims covering our products or technology similar to ours;

the laws of foreign countries may not protect our proprietary
 rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States; 

the claims of our owned or licensed issued patents
 or patent applications, if and when issued, may not cover our product candidates; 

our issued patents or those of our licensor may not
 provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be narrowed in scope, be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges
 by third parties; 

our licensor or licensees as the case may be, who have
 access to our patents, may attempt to enforce our owned or licensed patents, which if unsuccessful, may result in narrower scope
 of protection of our owned or licensed patents or our owned or licensed patents becoming invalid or unenforceable; 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies
 for which we can obtain patent protection; or 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on
 our business. 

We
also may rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable.
However, trade secrets are difficult to protect, and we have limited control over the protection of trade secrets used by our collaborators
and suppliers. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors, outside scientific
collaborators and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our information to competitors. Enforcing a claim that a third
party illegally obtained and is using any of our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In
addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. Moreover, our competitors may independently
develop equivalent knowledge, methods, and know-how. If our confidential or proprietary information is divulged to or acquired by third
parties, including our competitors, our competitive position in the marketplace will be harmed and our ability to successfully penetrate
our target markets could be severely compromised. 

49 

If
any of our owned or licensed patents are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are otherwise unable to adequately protect our
rights, it could have a material adverse impact on our business and our ability to commercialize or license our technology and products.
Additionally, we currently do not have patent protection for our product candidates in many countries, including large territories such
as India, Russia, and China, and we will be unable to prevent patent infringement in those countries unless we can file patent applications
and obtain patents in those countries that cover our product candidates. Likewise, our United States patents covering certain technology
used in our product candidates, including TLANDO, are expected to expire on various dates from 2023 through 2037. Upon the expiration
of these patents, we will lose the right to exclude others from practicing these inventions to the extent that at those times we have
no additional issued patents to protect our product candidates, including TLANDO. Additionally, if these are our only patents listed
in the FDA Orange Book, should we have an FDA-approved and marketed product at that time, their expiration will mean that we lose certain
advantages that come with Orange Book listing of patents. The expiration of these patents could also have a similar material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Moreover, if we are unable to commence or continue
any action relating to the defense of our patents, we may be unable to protect our product candidates. 

If
we do not obtain additional protection under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act and similar foreign legislation
by extending the patent terms and obtaining data exclusivity for our product candidates, our business may be materially harmed. 

Depending
upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible
for limited patent term restoration under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman
Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development
and the FDA regulatory review process. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to apply within applicable
deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or competitor s prior product launch or otherwise failing to
satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we
request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration or the term of any such extension is less than we request, our
competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our ability to generate revenues could be
materially adversely affected. 

We
may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights,
and we may be unable to protect our rights to our products and technology. 

If
we or our collaborators choose to go to court to stop a third party from using the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents,
that third party may ask a court to rule that the patents are invalid and should not be enforced against that third party. These lawsuits
are expensive and would consume time and other resources, including financial resources, even if we were successful in stopping the infringement
of these patents. In addition, there is a risk that a court will decide that these patents are not valid or not enforceable and that
we do not have the right to stop others from using the inventions. 

There
is also the risk that, even if the validity of these patents is not challenged or is upheld, the court will refuse to stop the third
party on the ground that such third-party s activities do not infringe on our owned or licensed patents. In addition, the U.S.
Supreme Court has changed some standards relating to the granting of patents and assessing the validity of patents. As a consequence,
issued patents may be found to contain invalid claims according to the newly revised standards. Some of our owned or licensed patents
may be subject to challenge and subsequent invalidation or significant narrowing of claim scope in a reexamination or other proceeding
before the USPTO, or during litigation, under the revised criteria which make it more difficult to obtain or maintain patents. 

While
our in-licensed patents and applications are not currently used in our product candidates, should we develop other product candidates
that are covered by this intellectual property, we will rely on our licensor to file and prosecute patent applications and maintain patents
and otherwise protect the intellectual property we license from them. Our licensor has retained the first right, but not the obligation,
to initiate an infringement proceeding against a third-party infringer of the intellectual property licensed to us, and enforcement of
our in-licensed patents or defense of any claims asserting the invalidity or unenforceability of these patents would also be subject
to the control or cooperation of our licensor. It is possible that our licensor s defense activities may be less vigorous than
had we conducted the defense ourselves. 

We
also license our patent portfolio, including U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications that cover TLANDO and our other product
candidates, to third parties for their respective products and product candidates. Under our agreements with our licensees, we have the
right, but not the obligation, to enforce our current and future licensed patents against infringers of our licensees. In certain cases,
our licensees may have primary enforcement rights and we have the obligation to cooperate. In the event of an enforcement action against
infringers of our licensees, our licensees might not have the interest or resources to successfully preserve the patents, the infringers
may countersue, and as a result our patents may be found invalid or unenforceable or of a narrower scope of coverage and leave us with
no patent protection for TLANDO and our other product candidates. 

50 

We
may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the PTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination,
inter partes review, post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging our owned or licensed patent rights or the patent rights
of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our owned
or licensed patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment
to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third party patent rights. In addition,
if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from
collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates and impair our ability to raise needed
capital. 

If
we are required to defend patent infringement actions brought by other third parties, or if we sue to protect our own patent rights or
otherwise to protect our proprietary information and to prevent its disclosure, we may be required to pay substantial litigation costs
and managerial attention and financial resources may be diverted from business operations even if the outcome is in our favor. 

If
we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, it will be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome
in that litigation would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
commercial success depends upon our ability and the ability of our collaborators to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product
candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign
issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields relating to our product candidates.
As the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, and related industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that others may assert
that our product or product candidates infringe the patent rights of others. Moreover, it is not always clear to industry participants,
including us, which patents cover various types of drugs, products or their formulations or methods of use. Thus, because of the large
number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our fields, there may be a risk that third parties may allege they have patent
rights encompassing our product, product candidates, technology, or methods. For example, on November 2, 2015, Clarus filed a complaint
against us in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that TLANDO will infringe the Clarus 428 Patent,
and the complaint sought damages, declaratory and injunctive relief. On October 6, 2016, United States District Court of the District
of Delaware granted our motion to dismiss the lawsuit filed by Clarus, because at the time there was no actionable infringement on Clarus 
428 patent. 

In
addition, there may be issued patents of third parties of which we are currently unaware, that are infringed or are alleged to be infringed
by our product candidates or proprietary technologies. Because some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy
until the patents are issued, because patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published
until eighteen months after filing, and because publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot
be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our or our licensor s issued patents or our
pending applications, or that we were the first to invent the technology. Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file,
patent applications covering our products or technology similar to ours. Any such patent application may have priority over our owned
or licensed patent applications or patents, which could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies.
If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to those owned or licensed by us, we may have to participate
in an interference proceeding declared by the PTO to determine priority of invention in the United States. If another party has an allowed
reason to question the validity of our owned or licensed U.S. patents, the third party can request that the PTO reexamine the patent
claims, which may result in a loss of scope of some claims or a loss of the entire patent. In addition to potential infringement claims,
interference and reexamination proceedings, we may become a party to patent opposition proceedings in the European Patent Office or post-grant
proceedings in the United States where either our patents are challenged, or we are challenging the patents of others. The costs of these
proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful, for example if the other party had independently
arrived at the same or similar invention prior to our invention, resulting in a loss of our U.S. patent position with respect to such
inventions. We may be exposed to, or threatened with, future litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property
rights alleging that our product candidates and/or proprietary technologies infringe their intellectual property rights. These lawsuits
are costly and could adversely affect our results of operations and divert the attention of managerial and technical personnel. There
is a risk that a court would decide that we or our commercialization partners are infringing the third party s patents and would
order us or our partners to stop the activities covered by the patents. In addition, there is a risk that a court will order us or our
partners to pay the other party damages for having violated the other party s patents. 

If
a third-party s patent was found to cover our product candidates, proprietary technologies or their uses, we or our collaborators
could be enjoined by a court and required to pay damages and could be unable to commercialize any one or more of our product candidates
or use our proprietary technologies unless we or they obtain a license to the patent. A license may not be available to us or our collaborators
on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, during litigation, the patent holder could obtain a preliminary injunction or other equitable
relief which could prohibit us from making, using or selling our products, technologies or methods pending a trial on the merits, which
could be years away. 

51 

There
is a substantial amount of litigation involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, and
related industries generally. If a third-party claims that we or our collaborators infringe its intellectual property rights, we may
face a number of issues, including, but not limited to: 

infringement and other intellectual property claims
 which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to litigate and may divert our management s attention from
 our core business; 

substantial damages for infringement, which we may
 have to pay if a court decides that the product at issue infringes on or violates the third party s rights, and if the court
 finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages and the patent owner s attorneys 
 fees; 

a court prohibiting us from selling or licensing the
 product unless the third-party licenses its product rights to us, which it is not required to do; 

if a license is available from a third party, we may
 have to pay substantial royalties, upfront fees and/or grant cross-licenses to intellectual property rights for our products; and

redesigning our products or processes so they do not
 infringe, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time. 

Some
of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially
greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations or otherwise have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 

Although
we own worldwide rights to our product candidates, we do not have patent protection for the product candidates in a significant number
of countries, and we will be unable to prevent infringement in those countries. 

Our
patent portfolio related to our product candidates includes patents in the United States and other foreign countries. The covered technology
and the scope of coverage varies from country to country. For those countries where we do not have granted patents, we have no ability
to prevent the unauthorized use of our intellectual property, and third parties in those countries may be able to make, use, or sell
products identical to, or substantially similar to our product candidates. 

Obtaining
and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements
imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements.

Periodic
maintenance fees on our owned or licensed patents are due to be paid to the PTO in several stages over the lifetime of the patents. Future
maintenance fees will also need to be paid on other patents which may be issued to us. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these
fees, and we employ outside firms to remind us to pay annuity fees due to foreign patent agencies on our pending foreign patent applications.
We have even less control over our in-licensed patents and applications, for which our licensor retains responsibility. The PTO and various
foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions
during the patent application process. In many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in
accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the
patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event,
our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
also may rely on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our technology and know-how, especially where we do not believe
patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect, and we have limited control over the
protection of trade secrets used by our collaborators and suppliers. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets,
our employees, consultants, contractors, outside scientific collaborators, and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose
our information to competitors. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using any of our trade secrets is expensive
and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect
trade secrets. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods, and know-how. If our confidential or
proprietary information is divulged to or acquired by third parties, including our competitors, our competitive position in the marketplace
will be harmed and our ability to successfully generate revenues from our product candidates, if approved by the FDA or other regulatory
authorities, could be adversely affected. 

We
may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 

As
is common in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and related industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology
or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending,
we may be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary
information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending
against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management, which would adversely affect our
financial condition. 

52 

ITEM
 1B. UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
 2. PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters are located in a leased facility in Salt Lake City, Utah. Our lease expires on February 28, 2024. We believe that
our existing facility is suitable and adequate and that we have sufficient capacity to meet our current anticipated needs. 

ITEM
 3. LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

On
April 2, 2019, we filed a lawsuit against Clarus in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Clarus s
JATENZO product infringes six of Lipocine s issued U.S. patents: 9,034,858; 9,205,057; 9,480,690; 9,757,390; 6,569,463; and
6,923,988. However, on February 11, 2020, we voluntarily dismissed allegations of patent infringement for expired U.S. Patent Nos. 6,569,463
and 6,923,988 in an effort to streamline the issues and associated costs for dispute. Clarus answered the complaint and asserted counterclaims
of non-infringement and invalidity. We answered Clarus s counterclaims on April 29, 2019. The Court held a scheduling conference
on August 15, 2019, a claim construction hearing on February 11, 2020, and a summary judgment hearing on January 15, 2021. In May 2021,
the Court granted Clarus motion for summary judgment, finding the asserted claims of Lipocine s U.S. patents 9,034,858;
9,205,057; 9,480,690; and 9,757,390 invalid for failure to satisfy the written description requirement of 35 U.S.C. 112. Clarus
still had remaining claims before the Court. On July 13, 2021, we entered into the Global Agreement with Clarus which resolved all outstanding
claims of this litigation as well as the on-going United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO Interference No. 106,128
between the parties (as described below). Under the terms of the Global Agreement, Lipocine agreed to pay Clarus 4.0 million payable
as follows: 2.5 million immediately, 1.0 million on July 13, 2022, and 500,000 on July 13, 2023. In April 2022, we amended the Global
Agreement with Clarus in an Amended Settlement Agreement and we agreed to settle the payments due in July 2022 and 2023 for 1,250,000
rather than the 1,500,000 total future payments due under the terms of the Global Agreement agreed to in 2021. No future royalties are
owing from either party. On July 15, 2021, the Court dismissed with prejudice Lipocine s claims and Clarus counterclaims.
On April 29, 2022, the Company agreed to an amendment to Section 3.1 of the Global Agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to
pay Clarus 1,250,000 in May 2022, with no additional payments required thereafter. No future royalties are owing from either party. 

On
November 14, 2019, we and certain of our officers were named as defendants in a purported shareholder class action lawsuit, Solomon
Abady v. Lipocine Inc. et al ., 2:19-cv-00906-PMW, filed in the United District Court for the District of Utah. The complaint alleges
that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that our filing of the NDA for TLANDO to the FDA
contained deficiencies and as a result the defendants statements about our business and operations were false and misleading and/or
lacked a reasonable basis in violation of federal securities laws. The lawsuit seeks certification as a class action (for a purported
class of purchasers of the Company s securities from March 27, 2019, through November 8, 2019), compensatory damages in an unspecified
amount, and unspecified equitable or injunctive relief. We have insurance that covers claims of this nature. The retention amount payable
by us under our policy is 1.25 million. We filed a motion to dismiss this class action lawsuit on July 24, 2020. In response, the plaintiffs
filed their response to the motion to dismiss the class action lawsuit on September 22, 2020, and we filed our reply to our motion to
dismiss on October 22, 2020. A hearing on the motion to dismiss occurred on January 12, 2022 and there has been no update on the motion
to dismiss since the hearing occurred. We intend to vigorously defend ourselves against these allegations and have not recorded a liability
related to this shareholder class action lawsuit as the outcome is not probable nor can an estimate be made of loss, if any. 

On
March 13, 2020, we filed U.S. patent application serial number 16/818,779 (the Lipocine 779 Application with the
USPTO. On October 16 and November 3, 2020, we filed suggestions for interference with the USPTO requesting that a patent interference
be declared between the Lipocine 779 Application and US patent application serial number 16/656,178 to Clarus Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Clarus 178 Application ). Pursuant to our request, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board PTAB at
the USPTO declared the interference on January 4, 2021, to ultimately determine, as between us and Clarus, who is entitled to the claimed
subject matter. The interference number is 106,128, and we were initially declared Senior Party. A conference call with the PTAB was
held on January 25, 2021, to discuss proposed motions. On February 1, 2021, the PTAB issued an order authorizing certain motions and
setting the schedule for the preliminary motions phase. On July 13, 2021, we entered into the Global Agreement with Clarus to resolve
interference No. 106,128 among other items. On July 26, 2021, the PTAB granted our request for adverse judgment in interference No. 106,128
in accordance with the Global Agreement. 

ITEM
 4. MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

53 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. MARKET
 FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
 OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol LPCN . 

Holders 

As
of March 7, 2023, there were approximately 90 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include an undetermined number
of stockholders whose stock is held in street or nominee name. 

Dividends 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain any future earnings to
finance growth and development and therefore do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

ITEM
 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes thereto and other financial information included elsewhere in this report. 

As
used in the discussion below, we, our, and us refers to the historical financial results of
Lipocine. 

Forward
Looking Statements 

This
section and other parts of this report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly
relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements may refer to such matters as products, product benefits, pre-clinical
and clinical development timelines, clinical and regulatory expectations and plans, anticipated financial performance, future revenues
or earnings, business prospects, projected ventures, new products and services, anticipated market performance, future expectations for
liquidity and capital resources needs and similar matters. Such words as may , will , expect ,
 continue , estimate , project , and intend and similar terms and expressions are
intended to identify forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results
may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A (Risk Factors) of this Form 10-K. Except as required by applicable law, we
assume no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. 

54 

Overview
of Our Business 

We
are a biopharmaceutical company focused on leveraging our proprietary Lip ral platform to develop differentiated products through
the oral delivery of previously difficult to deliver molecules, focused on treating Central Nervous System CNS disorders.
Our proprietary delivery technologies are designed to improve patient compliance and safety through orally available treatment options.
Our primary development programs are based on oral delivery solutions for poorly bioavailable drugs. We have a portfolio of differentiated
innovative product candidates that target high unmet needs for neurological and psychiatric CNS disorders, liver diseases, and hormone
supplementation for men and women. 

We
entered into a license agreement for the development and commercialization our product candidate, TLANDO , an oral testosterone replacement
therapy TRT comprised of testosterone undecanoate TU ). TLANDO is a registered trademark assigned to Antares.
On October 14, 2021, we entered into a license agreement (the Antares License Agreement with Antares Pharma, Inc. Antares 
or our Licensee ), pursuant to which we granted to Antares an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable right and license
to develop and commercialize, upon final approval of TLANDO from the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA ),
the TLANDO product for TRT in the U.S. Any FDA required post-marketing studies will also be the responsibility of our licensee, Antares.
On March 28, 2022, Antares received approval from the FDA for TLANDO as a TRT in adult males for conditions associated with a deficiency
of endogenous testosterone, also known as hypogonadism. On May 24, 2022, Halozyme Therapeutics completed an acquisition of Antares through a merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of Halozyme with and into Antares, with Antares continuing as the surviving corporation
and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Halozyme. On June 7, 2022, Halozyme announced the commercial launch of TLANDO, an oral treatment
indicated for testosterone replacement therapy in adult males for conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone
(primary or hypogonadotropic hypogonadism). 

Additional
clinical development pipeline candidates include: LPCN 1154 for postpartum depression PPD LPCN 2101 for epilepsy; and
LPCN 1148 comprising a novel prodrug of testosterone, testosterone laurate TL ), for the management of decompensated cirrhosis.
In addition to our CNS product candidates, we have assets for which we expect to seek partnerships to enable further development including
LPCN 1144, an oral prodrug of androgen receptor modulator for the treatment of non-cirrhotic non-alcoholic steatohepatitis NASH which has completed Phase 2 testing; LPCN 1111, a next generation oral TRT product comprised of testosterone tridecanoate TT with the potential for once daily dosing which has completed Phase 2 testing; and LPCN 1107, potentially the first oral hydroxy progesterone
caproate HPC product indicated for the prevention of recurrent preterm birth PTB ), which has completed
a dose finding clinical study in pregnant women and has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA. 

To
date, we have funded our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities, debt and convertible debt and through up-front payments,
research funding and royalty and milestone payments from our license and collaboration arrangements. We have not generated any revenues
from product sales and while we expect to generate royalties from our licensee s sales of TLANDO, we do not expect to generate
revenue from product sales from our other product candidates unless and until approval. 

We
have incurred losses in most years since our inception. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 183.4 million. Income
and losses fluctuate year to year, primarily depending on the nature and timing of research and development occurring on our product
candidates. Our net loss was 10.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 634,000 for the year ended December 31,
2021. Substantially all of our operating losses resulted from expenses incurred in connection with our product candidate development
programs, our research activities and general and administrative costs associated with our operations. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future as we: 

conduct further development of our other product candidates,
 including LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101 and LPCN 1148; 

continue our research efforts; 

research new products or new uses for our existing
 products; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property
 portfolio; and 

provide general and administrative support for our
 operations, including on-going litigation. 

55 

To
fund future long-term operations, including the potential commercialization of any of our product candidates, we will need to raise additional
capital. The amount and timing of future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including capital market conditions, regulatory
requirements and commercial success of TLANDO, regulatory requirements related to our other product development programs, the timing
and results of our ongoing development efforts, the potential expansion of our current development programs, potential new development
programs, our ability to license and/or partner our products to third parties, the pursuit of various potential commercial activities
and strategies associated with our development programs and related general and administrative support. We anticipate that we will seek
to fund our operations through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, such as potential license, partnering and
collaboration agreements. We cannot be certain that anticipated additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms, in amounts
sufficient to fund our operations, or at all. Although we have previously been successful in obtaining financing through public and private
equity securities offerings and our license and collaboration agreements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in
the future. 

Corporate
Strategy 

Our
goal is to become a leading biopharmaceutical company focused on leveraging our proprietary Lip ral drug delivery technology platform
to develop differentiated products through oral delivery of previously difficult to deliver molecules for CNS disorders. The key components
of our strategy are to: 

Advance
LPCN 1154 and other CNS product candidates. We intend to focus on the development of endogenous neuroactive steroids NAS which have broad applicability in treating various CNS conditions where we can leverage our technology platform to develop highly differentiated
oral therapeutics. Our priority is on the development of LPCN 1154, a fast-acting oral antidepressant for postpartum depression PPD with potential for outpatient use. 

Support
our licensee in commercialization of our licensed oral TRT option . We believe the TRT market needs a differentiated, convenient oral
option. We have exclusively licensed rights to TLANDO to Antares for commercialization of TLANDO in the US. We plan to support our licensee s
efforts to effectively enable the availability of TLANDO to patients in a timely manner, in addition to receiving milestone and royalty
payments associated with TLANDO commercialization as agreed to in the Antares License Agreement. 

Develop
partnership(s) to continue the advancement of non-core pipeline assets . We continuously strive to prioritize our resources in seeking
partnerships of our pipeline assets. We are currently exploring partnering of our liver programs LPCN 1144, our candidate for treatment
of non-cirrhotic NASH and LPCN 1148 for the management of decompensated cirrhosis, LPCN 1111, a once-a-day therapy candidate for TRT
and LPCN 1107, our candidate for prevention of pre-term birth. We are exploring the possibility of licensing LPCN 1021 (known as TLANDO
in the United States) to third parties outside the United States, although no licensing agreement has been entered into by the Company. 

Financial
Operations Overview 

Revenue

To
date, we have not generated any revenues from product sales and do not expect to do so until one of our product candidates receives approval
from the FDA. Revenues to date have been generated substantially from license fees, royalty and milestone payments and research support
from our licensees. Since our inception through December 31, 2022, we have generated 44.7 million in revenue under our various license
and collaboration arrangements and from government grants. We have entered into the Antares license agreement with the potential for
revenue from future milestones and royalties, but we may never generate revenues from any of our clinical or preclinical development
programs or licensed products as we may never succeed in obtaining regulatory approval or commercializing any of these product candidates. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation and related personnel costs, fees paid to
external service providers such as contract research organizations and contract manufacturing organizations, contractual obligations
for clinical development, clinical sites, manufacturing and scale-up for late-stage clinical trials, formulation of clinical drug supplies,
and expenses associated with regulatory submissions. Research and development expenses also include an allocation of indirect costs,
such as those for facilities, office expense and depreciation of equipment based on the ratio of direct labor hours for research and
development personnel to total direct labor hours for all personnel. We expense research and development expenses as incurred. Since
our inception, we have spent approximately 137.1 million in research and development expenses through December 31, 2022. 

56 

On
October 14, 2021, we entered into a license agreement (the Antares License Agreement for the development and commercialization
of our TLANDO product, an oral testosterone replacement therapy TRT comprised of testosterone undecanoate TU with Antares Pharma, Inc. Antares or our Licensee ), pursuant to which we granted to Antares an exclusive,
royalty-bearing, sublicensable right and license to develop and commercialize our TLANDO product for TRT in the U.S. TLANDO is a registered
trademark assigned to Antares. Any FDA required post-marketing studies will also be the responsibility of our licensee, Antares. On March
28, 2022, Antares received approval from the FDA for TLANDO as a TRT in adult males for conditions associated with a deficiency of endogenous
testosterone, also known as hypogonadism. On May 24, 2022, Halozyme Therapeutics completed an acquisition of Antares through
a merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of Halozyme with and into Antares, with Antares continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming
a wholly owned subsidiary of Halozyme. On June 7, 2022, Halozyme announced the commercial launch of TLANDO, an oral treatment indicated
for testosterone replacement therapy in adult males for conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone
(primary or hypogonadotropic hypogonadism). 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs as we develop our other product candidates, including our CNS product candidates and the
ongoing Phase 2 POC study in male cirrhotic subjects with LPCN 1148, as well as the development of any future pipeline product candidates. 

In
general, the cost of clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project as a result of uncertainties in clinical development,
including, among others: 

the number of sites included in the trials; 

the length of time required to enroll suitable subjects;

the duration of subject follow-ups; 

the length of time required to collect, analyze and
 report trial results; 

the cost, timing and outcome of regulatory review;
 and 

potential changes by the FDA in clinical trial and
 NDA filing requirements. 

We
have also incurred significant manufacturing costs to prepare launch supplies for TLANDO. However, any additional expenditures required
to prepare for a commercial launch of TLANDO will be paid by Antares. 

Future
research and development expenditures are subject to numerous uncertainties regarding timing and cost to completion, including, among
others: 

the timing and outcome of regulatory filings and FDA reviews and actions for product candidates; 

our dependence on third-party manufacturers for the production of satisfactory finished product for registration and launch should
regulatory approval be obtained on any of our product candidates; 

the potential for future license or co-promote arrangements for our product candidates, when such arrangements will be secured, if
at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect our future plans and capital requirements; and 

the effect on our product development activities of actions taken by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. 

A
change of outcome for any of these variables with respect to the development of our product development candidates could mean a substantial
change in the costs and timing associated with these efforts, could require us to raise additional capital, and may require us to reduce
operations. 

Given
the stage of clinical development and the significant risks and uncertainties inherent in the clinical development, manufacturing and
regulatory approval process, we are unable to estimate with any certainty the time or cost to complete the development of LPCN 1154,
LPCN 2101, LPCN 1148, LPCN 1144, LPCN 1111, LPCN 1107 and other product candidates. Clinical development timelines, the probability of
success and development costs can differ materially from expectations and results from our clinical trials may not be favorable. If we
are successful in progressing LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101, or other future product candidates into later stage development, we will require
additional capital. The amount and timing of our future research and development expenses for these product candidates will depend on
the pre-clinical and clinical success of both our current development activities and potential development of new product candidates,
as well as ongoing assessments of the commercial potential of such activities. We will continue efforts to enter into partnership arrangements
for the continued development and/or marketing of LPCN 1144, LPCN 1148, LPCN 1111, LPCN 1107 and TLANDO outside of the U.S. 

57 

We
expect research and development expenses to increase in the future as we complete on-going clinical studies, including the studies for
our CNS product candidates and the Phase 2 POC study in male subjects with cirrhosis with LPCN 1148, and as we conduct future clinical
studies, including when and if we conduct Phase 2 clinical studies with our development product candidates and when and if we conduct
Phase 3 clinical studies with LPCN 1144, LPCN 1148, LPCN 1111 and LPCN 1107. We are exploring the possibility of licensing LPCN 1144,
LPCN 1148, LPCN 1111 and LPCN 1107, although we have not entered into a licensing agreement and no assurance can be given that any license
agreement will be completed, or, if an agreement is completed, that such an agreement would be on terms favorable to us. If we are unable
to raise additional capital or obtain non-dilutive financing, we may need to reduce research and development expenses in order to extend
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related benefits, including stock-based compensation related to our executive,
finance, business development, and support functions. Other general and administrative expenses include rent and utilities, travel expenses,
professional fees for auditing, tax, legal and various other services. 

General
and administrative expenses also include expenses for the cost of preparing, filling and prosecuting patent applications and maintaining,
enforcing and defending intellectual property-related claims, including the patent interference and patent infringement lawsuits against
Clarus in 2021. 

We
expect that general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as we continue as a public company, including legal and consulting
fees, accounting and audit fees, director fees, directors and officers insurance premiums, fees for investor relations
services and enhanced business and accounting systems, litigation costs, professional fees and other costs. However, if we are unable
to raise additional capital, we may need to reduce general and administrative expenses in order to extend our ability to continue as
a going concern. 

Other
Expense (Income), Net 

Other
expense (income), net consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable investment securities,
imputed interest on minimum royalties under the Antares Licensing Agreement, interest expense incurred on our Loan and Security Agreement,
gains on our warrant liability and losses (gains) on our litigation liability. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Revenue 
 500,000 
 16,140,838 
 (15,640,838 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 8,556,888 
 7,665,559 
 891,329 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 4,062,487 
 5,329,776 
 (1,267,289 
 
 Interest and investment income 
 (572,578 
 (67,700 
 (504,878 
 
 Interest expense 
 27,098 
 203,292 
 (176,194 
 
 Unrealized gain on warrant liability 
 (565,940 
 (355,890 
 210,050 
 
 (Gain) loss on litigation settlement 
 (250,000 
 4,000,000 
 (4,250,000 
 
 Income tax expense 
 681 
 200 
 481 

Revenue 

We
recognized license revenue of 500,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 16.1 million during the year ended December
31, 2021. License revenue in 2022 was related to a non-refundable cash fee of 500,000 received from Antares for consideration of a 90
day extension to exercise its option to license LPCN 1111. On June 30, 2022, Antares option to license TLANDO XR expired and was
not exercised. License revenue in 2021 primarily related to licensing fees, minimum royalties and the sale of finished goods inventory
we received in accordance with the Antares Licensing Agreement for TLANDO which was signed on October 14, 2021. Additionally, we recognized
 55,000 in license revenue in 2021 related to payments received from Spriaso under a licensing agreement in the cough and cold field. 

58 

Research
and Development Expenses 

We
recorded research and development expenses of 8.6 million and 7.7 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. The increase in research and development expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to 1.7 million
increase in contract research organization expense related to the Phase 2 POC study in male cirrhotic subjects with LPCN 1148, a
 353,000 increase in our LPCN 1111 due to manufacturing scale up costs, a 274,000 increase in personnel expense primarily resulting
from additional headcount, and a 155,000 increase in other R D expenses. These increases are offset by a 1.2 million
decrease in contract research organization expense and outside consulting costs related to the LPCN 1144 LiFT Phase 2
clinical study in NASH subjects, a 319,000 decrease in our LPCN 1107 clinical study, and a 81,000 decrease in costs related to
LPCN 1154. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

We
recorded general and administrative expenses of 4.1 million and 5.3 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. The decrease in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to a 1.4 million
decrease from increased 2021 legal fees relating to the patent infringement lawsuit expenses which resulted in a settlement with Clarus
Therapeutics Inc, the on-going class action lawsuit defense, and other corporate matters, a 321,000 decrease in personnel related costs
resulting from a change in personnel and a 59,000 decrease in other general and administrative expenses. These decreases were offset
by a 149,000 increase related to the recruitment and compensation for two additional directors, a 113,000 increase in other various
professional fees, a 116,000 increase in strategic advisory services, a 75,000 increase related to proxy solicitation services, and
a 33,000 increase in travel related costs. 

Interest
and Investment Income 

The
increase in interest and investment income during the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to higher interest rates in 2022 compared
to 2021, despite declining cash and marketable investment securities balances quarter over quarter in 2022. 

Interest
Expense 

The
decrease in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 is due to a decrease in interest expense on our Loan and Security
Agreement with SVB, mainly as a result of lower principal balances in 2022 compared to 2021. The SVB loan matured and was paid in full
in June of 2022. 

Unrealized
Loss (Gain) on Warrant Liability 

We
recorded a gain of 566,000 and 356,000, respectively, on warrant liability during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related
to the change in the fair value of outstanding common stock warrants issued in the November 2019 Offering. The gain in 2022 was attributable
to a decrease in the value of warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 due to a decrease in our
stock price, and a shorter term remaining on the outstanding warrants. The gain in 2021 was attributable to a decrease in the value of
warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2021 as compared to December 31, 2020, partially due to a small decrease in the number of warrants
outstanding, but mainly due to an decrease in our stock price, and a shorter term remaining on the outstanding warrants There were zero
and 10,000 common stock warrants from the November 2019 Offering exercised during 2022 and 2021, respectively. The warrants are classified
as a liability due to a provision contained within the warrant agreement which allows the warrant holder the option to elect to receive
an amount of cash equal to the value of the warrants as determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes option pricing model with certain
defined assumptions upon a change of control. The warrant liability will continue to fluctuate in the future based on inputs to the Black-Scholes
model including our current stock price, the remaining life of the warrants, the volatility of our stock price, the risk-free interest
rate and the number of common stock warrants outstanding. 

Litigation
Settlement 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain on the settlement of litigation liability of 250,000 as a result of the April 2022
Amendment to Global Agreement with Clarus Amended Settlement Agreement ). The Amended Settlement Agreement settled the
payments due in July 2022 and 2023 for 1,250,000 rather than the 1,500,000 total future payments due under the terms of the Global
Agreement agreed to in 2021. Under the terms of the Global Agreement we entered into in 2021, we had agreed to pay Clarus 4.0 million
payable as follows: 2.5 million which was paid in July 2021, 1.0 million which was to be paid on July 13, 2022 and 500,000 which was
to be paid on July 13, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a litigation settlement expense of 4.0 million resulting
from the Global Agreement with Clarus which resolved all outstanding claims between the two companies. 

59 

No
future royalties are owing from either party. On July 15, 2021, the Court dismissed with prejudice the Company s claims and Clarus 
counterclaims. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Since
our inception, our operations have been primarily financed through sales of our equity securities, debt and payments received under our
license and collaboration arrangements. We have devoted our resources to funding research and development programs, including discovery
research, preclinical and clinical development activities. We have incurred operating losses in most years since our inception and we
expect to continue to incur operating losses into the foreseeable future as we advance clinical development of LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101,
LPCN 1148 and any other product candidate, including continued research efforts. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 32.5 million of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and marketable investment securities compared to 46.6
million at December 31, 2021. 

On
October 14, 2021, we entered into the Antares License Agreement with Antares, pursuant to which we granted to Antares an exclusive, royalty-bearing,
sublicensable right and license to develop and commercialize, upon final approval of TLANDO from the FDA, our TLANDO product with respect
to TRT in the U.S. Upon execution of the Antares License Agreement, Antares paid to us an initial payment of 11.0 million. Antares has
also agreed to make certain minimum royalty payments in the future and, since these future minimum royalties are variable consideration
deemed to be probable, 4.0 million in revenue was recognized in 2021 for the minimum royalties to be received in the future. In addition,
Antares will also make additional payments of 5.0 million to us on each of January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026, provided that certain
conditions are satisfied. We are also eligible to receive milestone payments of up to 160.0 million in the aggregate, depending on the
achievement of certain sales milestones in a single calendar year with respect to all products licensed by Antares under the Antares
License Agreement. In addition, we receive tiered royalty payments at rates ranging from percentages in the mid-teens to up to 20 of
net sales of TLANDO in the United States, subject to certain minimum royalty obligations. Our ability to realize benefits from the Antares
License Agreement, including milestone and royalty payments, is subject to a number of risks. We may not realize milestone or royalty
payments in anticipated amounts, or at all. 

On
January 28, 2021, we completed a public offering of securities registered under an effective registration statement filed pursuant to
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended January 2021 Offering ). The gross proceeds from the January 2021 Offering were
approximately 28.7 million, before deducting underwriter fees and other offering expenses of 1.9 million. In the January 2021 Offering,
we sold 16,428,571 shares of our common stock. 

On
January 5, 2018, we entered into the Loan and Security Agreement with SVB pursuant to which SVB agreed to lend us 10.0 million. The
principal borrowed under the Loan and Security Agreement bore interest at a rate equal to the Prime Rate, as reported in money rates
section of The Wall Street Journal or any successor publication representing the rate of interest per annum then in effect, plus one
percent per annum, which interest was payable monthly. Additionally on April 1, 2020, we entered into a Deferral Agreement with SVB.
Under the Deferral Agreement, principal repayments were deferred by six months and we were only required to make monthly interest payments
during the deferral period. The Loan matured and was paid in full on June 1, 2022. Additionally, we made a final payment at maturity
equal to 650,000 (the Final Payment Charge ). The expense of the final payment charge had been recognized over the term of the facility using the effective interest method. 

On
March 6, 2017, we entered into a sales agreement Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor pursuant to which we may issue and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock having an aggregate
offering price of up to the amount we have registered on an effective registration statement pursuant to which the offering is being
made. We currently have registered up to 50.0 million for sale under the Sales Agreement, pursuant to our Registration Statement on
Form S-3 (File No. 333-250072) (the Form S-3 ), through Cantor as our sales agent. Cantor may sell our common stock by
any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, including sales made directly on or through the NASDAQ Capital Market or any other existing trade market for
our common stock, in negotiated transactions at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to prevailing
market prices, or any other method permitted by law. Cantor uses its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal
trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulations to sell these shares. We pay Cantor 3.0 of the aggregate gross
proceeds from each sale of shares under the Sales Agreement. We have also provided Cantor with customary indemnification
rights. 

The
shares of our common stock sold under the Sales Agreement are sold and issued pursuant to our Form S-3, which was previously declared
effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the related prospectus and one or more prospectus supplements. 

60 

We
are not obligated to make any sales of our common stock under the Sales Agreement. The offering of our common stock pursuant to
the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the termination of the Sales Agreement as permitted therein. We and Cantor may each
terminate the Sales Agreement at any time upon ten days prior notice. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any shares of our common stock pursuant to our current Registration Statement on Form
S-3 (File No. 333-250072). During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold 1,811,238 shares of our common stock resulting in net proceeds
of approximately 3.4 million under the Sales Agreement which is net of 112,000 in expenses consisting of commissions paid to Cantor
in connection with these sales and other offering and accounting costs. As of December 31, 2022, we had 41.2 million available for sale
under the Sales Agreement. 

We
believe that our existing capital resources, together with interest thereon, will be sufficient to meet our projected operating requirements
through at least March 31, 2024 which include on-going clinical studies for LPCN 1154 and/or LPCN 2101 and an on-going study for LPCN
1148, and research and development activities and compliance with regulatory requirements. We have based this estimate on assumptions
that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect if additional activities
are performed by us including new clinical studies for LPCN 1144, LPCN 1111, and LPCN 1107. While we believe we have sufficient liquidity
and capital resources to fund our projected operating requirements through at least March 31, 2024, we will need to raise additional
capital at some point through the equity or debt markets or through additional out-licensing activities, either before or after March
31, 2024, to support our operations. If we are unsuccessful in raising additional capital as necessary, our ability to continue as a
going concern will be limited. Further, our operating plan may change, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and
capital requirements for product development, regulatory compliance and clinical trial activities sooner than planned. In addition, our
capital resources may be consumed more rapidly if we pursue additional clinical studies for LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101, LPCN 1148, LPCN 1144,
LPCN 1111, and/or LPCN 1107. Conversely, our capital resources could last longer if we reduce expenses, reduce the number of activities
currently contemplated under our operating plan or if we terminate, modify or suspend on-going clinical studies. We can raise capital
pursuant to the Sales Agreement but may choose not to issue common stock if our market price is too low to justify such sales in our
discretion. There are numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and, subject to approval by the FDA, commercialization
of our product candidates. There are numerous risks and uncertainties impacting our ability to enter into collaborations with third parties
to participate in the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. We are unable to precisely estimate the
amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our anticipated or unanticipated clinical studies and
ongoing development efforts. All of these factors affect our need for additional capital resources. To fund future operations, we will
need to ultimately raise additional capital and our requirements will depend on many factors, including the following: 

the scope, rate of progress, results and cost of our clinical
studies, preclinical testing and other related activities for all of our product candidates, including LPCN 1154 and LPCN 2101, LPCN
1148, LPCN 1111, LPCN 1144, LPCN 1107 and; 

the cost of manufacturing clinical supplies, and establishing
commercial supplies, of our product candidates and any products that we may develop; 

the cost and timing of establishing sales, marketing and distribution
capabilities, if any; 

the terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing, settlement
and other arrangements that we may establish; 

the number and characteristics of product candidates that we
pursue; 

the cost, timing and outcomes of regulatory approvals; 

the timing, receipt and amount of sales, profit sharing or
royalties, if any, from our potential products; 

the cost of preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing
any patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 

the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products
or technologies, although we currently have no commitments or agreements relating to any of these types of transactions; and 

the extent to which we grow significantly in the number of
employees or the scope of our operations. 

61 

Funding
may not be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Also, market conditions may prevent us from accessing the debt and equity capital
markets, including sales of our common stock through the Sales Agreement. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing when needed,
we may have to delay, reduce the scope of or suspend one or more of our clinical studies, research and development programs or, if any
of our product candidates receive approval from the FDA, commercialization efforts. We may seek to raise any necessary additional capital
through a combination of public or private equity offerings, including the Sales Agreement, debt financings, collaborations, strategic
alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing and distribution arrangements. These arrangements may not be available to us or
available on terms favorable to us. To the extent that we raise additional capital through marketing and distribution arrangements, other
collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product
candidates, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us.
If we do raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will
be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences, warrants or other terms that adversely affect
our stockholders rights or further complicate raising additional capital in the future. If we raise additional capital through
debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional
debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we are unable, for any reason, to raise needed capital, we will have to
reduce costs, delay research and development programs, liquidate assets, dispose of rights, commercialize products or product candidates
earlier than planned or on less favorable terms than desired or reduce or cease operations. 

Sources
and Uses of Cash 

The
following table provides a summary of our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 (11,968,819 
 (4,411,303 
 
 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 14,293,707 
 (43,780,397 
 
 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 (2,126,944 
 26,924,870 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 12.0 million and 4.4 million, respectively. 

Net
cash used in operating activities during 2022 and 2021 was primarily attributable to cash outlays to support on-going operations, including
research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses. During 2022, we were performing activities related to our
Phase 2 POC study in male subjects with cirrhosis with LPCN 1148 and PK and food effect studies with LPCN 1154, LPCN 2101 and LPCN 1107,
in addition to manufacturing scale up with LPCN 1111. During 2021, we were performing activities related to the LPCN 1144 LiFT 
Phase 2 paired biopsy clinical study and the Phase 2 clinical trial with LPCN 1148 and we also entered into the Global Agreement with
Clarus. 

Net
Cash Provided by (Used In) Investing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing activities was 14.3 million and during the year ended December 31,
2021, net cash used in investing activities was 43.8 million. 

Net
cash provided by investing activities during 2022 was primarily the result of the maturity of marketable investment securities, net.
Net cash used in investing activities in 2021 was due to the purchase of marketable securities. There were 134,000 and 8,000 capital
expenditures for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Net
Cash Provided by (Used In) Financing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 2.1 million and during the year ended December 31, 2021
net cash provided from financing activities was 26.9 million. 

Net
cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to loan repayments of 1.7 million and payment
of the Final Payment Charge of 650,000 related to the SVB Loan and Security Agreement, offset by net proceeds from stock option exercises. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities during 2021 was attributable to the net proceeds from the sale of 16,428,571 shares of common stock
pursuant to January 2021 Offering resulting in net proceeds of 26.8 million and 3.4 million in proceeds from the sale of 1,811,238
shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement, offset by 3.3 million in debt principal repayments under the SVB
Loan and Security Agreement. 

62 

Employee
stock option exercises provided approximately 211,000 of cash during 2022 and 7,000 during 2021. Proceeds from the exercise of employee
stock options vary from period to period based upon, among other factors, fluctuations in the market price of our common stock relative
to the exercise price of such options. 

Contractual
Commitments and Contingencies 

Long-Term
Debt Obligations and Interest on Debt 

On
January 5, 2018, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with SVB pursuant to which SVB agreed to lend us 10.0 million. The principal
borrowed under the Loan and Security Agreement bore interest at a rate equal to the Prime Rate plus one percent per annum, which interest
was payable monthly. The loan matured on June 1, 2022 and the outstanding principal, interest and Final Payment Charge were paid in full. 

Purchase
Obligations 

We
enter into contracts and issue purchase orders in the normal course of business with clinical research organizations for clinical trials
and clinical and commercial supply manufacturing and with vendors for preclinical research studies, research supplies and other services
and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination on notice and are cancellable obligations. 

Operating
Leases 

In
August 2004, we entered into an agreement to lease our facility in Salt Lake City, Utah consisting of office and laboratory space which
serves as our corporate headquarters. On January 16, 2023, we modified and extended the lease through February 28, 2024. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements
which we have prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). In preparing our financial
statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting periods. We have identified the following accounting policies that we believe require application of management s
most subjective judgments, often requiring the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may
change in subsequent periods. Our actual results could differ from these estimates and such differences could be material. 

While
our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 of our annual financial statements included in this filing,
we believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) with amendments in 2015 (ASU 2015-14) and 2016 (ASU 2016-8, ASU 2016-10, ASU
2016-12 and ASU 2016-20) . The updated standard is a new comprehensive revenue recognition model that requires revenue to be recognized
in a manner that depicts the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be
received in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. We adopted this pronouncement effective January 1, 2017. We recognized
revenue of 500,000 under our agreement with Antares in 2022 and 16.1 million in 2021 under agreements with Antares and Spriaso LLC. 

We
may provide research and development services under collaboration arrangements to advance the development of jointly owned products.
We record the expenses incurred and reimbursed on a net basis in research and development expense. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we do not have any active collaboration agreements. 

63 

Accrued
Research and Development Expenses 

We
make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial statements based on the facts and circumstances
known to us at that time. Our expense accruals for contract research, contract manufacturing and other contract services are based on
estimates of the fees associated with services provided by the contracting organizations. Payments under some of the contracts we have
with such parties depend on factors such as successful enrollment of patients, site initiation and the completion of clinical trial milestones.
In accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in
each period. If possible, we obtain information regarding unbilled services directly from these service providers. However, we may be
required to estimate these services based on other information available to us. If we underestimate or overestimate the activity or fees
associated with a study or service at a given point in time, adjustments to research and development expenses may be necessary in future
periods. Subsequent changes in estimates may result in a material change in our accruals. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
recognize stock-based compensation expense for grants of stock option awards, restricted stock units and restricted stock under our Incentive
Plan to employees, nonemployees and nonemployee members of our board of directors based on the grant-date fair value of those awards.
The grant-date fair value of an award is generally recognized as compensation expense over the award s requisite service period.
In addition, in the past we have granted performance-based stock option awards and restricted stock grants, which vest based upon our
satisfying certain performance conditions. Potential compensation cost, measured on the grant date, related to these performance options
will be recognized only if, and when, we estimate that these options will vest, which is based on whether we consider the options 
performance conditions to be probable of attainment. Our estimates of the number of performance-based options that will vest will be
revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods. 

We
use the Black-Scholes model to compute the estimated fair value of stock option awards. Using this model, fair value is calculated based
on assumptions with respect to (i) expected volatility of our common stock price, (ii) the periods of time over which employees and members
of the board of directors are expected to hold their options prior to exercise (expected term), (iii) expected dividend yield on the
common stock, and (iv) risk-free interest rates. Stock-based compensation expense also includes an estimate, which is made at the time
of grant, of the number of awards that are expected to be forfeited. This estimate is revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if
actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was 1.0 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements
granted under the Company s stock option plan. 

Warrant
Liability 

In
connection with the November 2019 public offering, we issued warrants to purchase common stock. The warrants require us to pay such holders
an amount of cash in the event of a fundamental transaction, as defined in the warrant agreement. As the cash payment is at the option
of the warrant holder, we account for the common stock warrants as a liability, which is adjusted to fair value each reporting period
as well as upon exercise of such warrants. The Company estimates the fair value of the warrant liability based on a hypothetical payout
associated with a fundamental transaction. The fair value estimate utilizes a pricing model and unobservable inputs. Unlike the fair
value of other assets and liabilities which are readily observable and therefore more easily independently corroborated, the warrants
are not actively traded, and fair value is determined based on significant judgments regarding models, unobservable inputs and valuation
methodologies. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the warrant liability was 230,000 and 796,000, respectively. 

Accounting
Standards Issued Not Adopted 

Refer
to Note 13 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of new accounting standards. 

ITEM
 7A. QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are exposed to various market risks, which include potential losses arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as
interest rates. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 

Interest
Rate Risk . Our interest rate risk exposure results from our investment portfolio. Our primary objectives in managing our
investment portfolio are to preserve principal, maintain proper liquidity to meet operating needs and maximize yields. The securities
we hold in our investment portfolio are subject to interest rate risk. At any time, sharp changes in interest rates can affect the fair
value of the investment portfolio and its interest earnings. After a review of our marketable investment securities, we believe that
in the event of a hypothetical ten percent increase in interest rates, the resulting decrease in fair value of our marketable investment
securities would be insignificant to the consolidated financial statements. Currently, we do not hedge these interest rate exposures.
We have established policies and procedures to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. We place our investments with high
quality issuers and limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer and do not use derivative financial instruments in our investment
portfolio. We invest in highly liquid, investment-grade securities and money market funds of various issues, types and maturities. These
securities are classified as available-for-sale and, consequently, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value with unrealized gains
or losses reported as accumulated other comprehensive income as a separate component in stockholders deficit unless a loss is
deemed other than temporary, in which case the loss is recognized in earnings. 

64 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 

LIPOCINE
INC. 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Audited
 Financial Statements of Lipocine Inc. for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 270) 
 66 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 68 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 69 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 70 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 71 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 72 

65 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Lipocine
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lipocine Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows
for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for years then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Warrant
Liability 

In
connection with a November 2019 public offering, the Company issued warrants to purchase common stock. The warrants require the Company
to pay such warrant holders an amount of cash in the event of a fundamental transaction, as defined in the warrant agreement. As the
cash payment is at the option of the holder, the Company accounts for the common stock warrants as a liability, which is adjusted to
fair value each reporting period as well as upon exercise of such warrants. The Company estimates the fair value of the warrant liability
based on a hypothetical payout associated with a fundamental transaction. The fair value estimate utilizes a pricing model and unobservable
inputs. Unlike the fair value of other assets and liabilities which are readily observable and therefore more easily independently corroborated,
the warrants are not actively traded, and fair value is determined based on significant judgments regarding models, unobservable inputs
and valuation methodologies. 

66 

We
identified the valuation of the warrant liability as a critical audit matter because of the unobservable inputs used to estimate fair
value. The valuations involve a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to audit and evaluate
the appropriateness of the pricing model and inputs. 

Our
audit procedures for auditing the fair value of the warrant liability included the following procedures, among others: 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of management s valuation methodology and estimates. 

We
 developed valuation estimates, using externally sourced inputs and models, and compared to management s recorded value and
 investigated differences. 

We
 compared management s assumptions utilized within management s models to external sources. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company entered into a license agreement during 2021 that includes a license fee, guaranteed minimum royalties, ongoing sales royalties,
milestone payments and transfer of materials. 

Management
is required to determine the transaction price and allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the license agreement.
Management is also required to make estimates of when achievement of a particular milestone becomes probable. Milestone payments are
included in the transaction price when it becomes probable that such inclusion would not result in a significant revenue reversal. 

We
identified revenue recognition as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgment by management in determining the transaction
price and allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment and
effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the judgments made by management. 

Our
audit procedures for auditing revenue included the following procedures, among others: 

We
 obtained and read the material license and royalty agreements 

We
 tested management s determination of the transaction price and the allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of management s judgments and estimates 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018 

March
10, 2023 

67 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable investment securities 

Accrued interest income 

Contract asset - current 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Marketable investment securities 
 - 

Contract asset - non-current 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Debt - current portion 
 - 

Litigation settlement liability - current portion 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Litigation settlement liability - non-current portion 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (notes 5, 8 and 11) 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized; issued and
 outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value 
 per share, and 
 shares authorized; and 
 issued and and 
 outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock at cost, shares 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

68 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other income (expense) 

Interest and investment income 

Interest expense 

Unrealized gain on warrant liability 

Gain (loss) on litigation settlement liability 

Total other income (expense), net 

Loss before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Basic loss per share attributable to common stock 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic 

Diluted loss per share attributable to common stock 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Unrealized net loss on available-for-sale securities 

Comprehensive loss 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

69 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated Other 
 
 Total 

Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-In 
Capital 
 Comprehensive 
Loss 
 Accumulated 
Deficit 
 Stockholders 
Equity 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Unrealized net loss on marketable investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock sold through equity offering 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for warrant exercises 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Option exercises 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Settlement of warrant liability on warrant exercises 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock sold through ATM offering 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Unrealized net loss on marketable investment securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Option exercises 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Costs associated with ATM offering 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

70 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Non-cash interest expense 

Non-cash gain on change in fair value of warrant liability 

Gain on settlement of litigation liability 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of premium/discount on marketable investment securities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued interest income 

Contract asset 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Litigation settlement liability 

Cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Purchases of marketable investment securities 

Maturities of marketable investment securities 

Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Debt repayments 

End of loan payment fee 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Proceeds from sale of common stock sold in equity offering 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from (costs associated with) ATM 

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Settlement
 of warrant liability on warrant exercises 
 - 

Unrealized loss on marketable investment securities 

Accrued final payment charge on debt 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

71 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Sales-based royalties 
 - 

Minimum guaranteed royalties 
 - 

Materials 
 - 

Revenue 

Under
Topic 606, all revenue has been recognized as point in time for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

See
Note 4 for a description of the license agreement with Antares Pharma, Inc. See Note 12 for a description of the agreement with Spriaso. 

License
Fees . For distinct license performance obligations, upfront license fees are recognized when the Company satisfies the underlying
performance obligation. This generally occurs upon transfer of the right to use the Company s licensed technology to the customer.
In addition, license arrangements may include contingent milestone payments, which are due following achievement by our licensee of specified
sales or regulatory milestones and for which the licensee and/or Company must fulfill its performance obligation prior to achievement
of these milestones. Because of the uncertainty of the milestone achievement, and/or the dependence on sales of our licensee, variable
consideration for contingent milestones is fully constrained and is not recognized as revenue until the milestone is achieved by our
licensee, to the extent collectability is reasonably certain. 

Royalties.
 Royalties revenue consists of sales-based and minimum royalties earned under licenses agreements for our products. Performance obligations
under these licenses, which consist of the right to use the Company s proprietary technology, are satisfied at a point in time
corresponding with delivery of the underlying technology rights to the licensee, which is generally upon transfer of the licensed technology/product
to the customer. Sales-based royalties revenue represents variable consideration under the license agreements and is recognized in the
period a customer sells products incorporating the Company s licensed technologies/products. The Company estimates sales-based
royalties revenue earned but unpaid at each reporting period using information provided by the licensee. The Company s license
arrangements may also provide for minimum royalties, which the Company recognizes upon the satisfaction of the underlying performance
obligation, which generally occurs with delivery of the underlying technology rights to the licensee. Sales-based and minimum royalties
are generally due within 45 days after the end of each quarter in which they are earned. 

Contract
Assets 

Contract
assets consist of minimum royalty revenue earned in relation to the license agreement but not yet payable based on the terms of the contract.
The contract asset as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is related to the Antares License Agreement. 

Revenue
Concentration 

A
major customer is considered to be one that comprises more than of the Company s total revenues. There was one major customer
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 which accounted for and of total revenue, respectively. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

for laboratory and office
equipment, for computer equipment and software, and for furniture and fixtures. 

likely of being realized. Changes in recognition
or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company records interest and penalties related
to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of its income tax expense. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes model to compute the estimated fair value of stock option awards. Using this model, fair value is calculated
based on assumptions with respect to (i) expected volatility of the Company s common stock price, (ii) the periods of time over
which employees, nonemployees and members of the board of directors are expected to hold their options prior to exercise (expected term),
(iii) expected dividend yield on the common stock, and (iv) risk-free interest rates. Stock-based compensation expense also includes
an estimate, which is made at the time of grant, of the number of awards that are expected to be forfeited. This estimate is revised,
if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Stock-based compensation cost that has been expensed
in the statements of operations amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, allocated as follows: 

General and administrative 

The
Company issued stock options and stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Key
assumptions used in the determination of the fair value of stock options granted are as follows: 

Expected
Term : The expected term represents the period that the stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. Due to limited historical
experience of similar awards, the expected term was estimated using the simplified method in accordance with the provisions of Staff
Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 107, Share-Based Payment, for awards with stated or implied service periods. The simplified
method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term and the vesting period of the stock option. For awards with performance
conditions, and that have the contractual term to satisfy the performance condition, the contractual term was used. 

Risk-Free
Interest Rate : The risk-free interest rate used was based on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury issues with an
equivalent remaining term. 

Expected
Dividend : The expected dividend assumption is based on management s current expectation about the Company s anticipated
dividend policy. The Company does not anticipate declaring dividends in the foreseeable future. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(2)
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Expected
Volatility : The volatility factor is based solely on the Company s trading history. 

years 
 
 years 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

FASB
Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Stock Compensation, requires the Company to recognize compensation
expense for the portion of options that are expected to vest. Therefore, the Company applied estimated forfeiture rates that were derived
from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management, additional
adjustments to compensation expense may be required in future periods. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements
granted under the Company s stock option plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years
and will be adjusted for subsequent changes in estimated forfeitures. The weighted average fair value of share-based compensation awards
granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately per share and per share, respectively. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

All
of the Company s financial instruments are valued using quoted prices in active markets or based on other observable inputs. For
accrued interest income, prepaid and other current assets, accounts payable, and accrued expenses, the carrying amounts approximate fair
value because of the short maturity of these instruments. The following table presents the placement in the fair value hierarchy of assets
and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

- 
 - 
 
 Government treasury bills 

- 
 - 
 
 Commercial paper 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Corporate bonds and notes 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 U.S. government agency securities 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability 
 
 - 
 - 

Fair value measurements at reporting date using 

December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 inputs 
 Level 2 inputs 
 Level 3 inputs 

Assets: 

Cash equivalents - money market funds 

- 
 - 
 
 Government treasury bills 

- 
 - 
 
 Commercial paper 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Corporate bonds and notes 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability 
 
 - 
 - 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

The
following methods and assumptions were used to determine the fair value of each class of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value
in the balance sheets: 

Cash
equivalents: Cash equivalents primarily consist of highly rated money market funds and treasury bills with original maturities to the
Company of three months or less and are purchased daily at par value with specified yield rates. Cash equivalents related to money market
funds and treasury bills are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices
or broker or dealer quotations for similar assets. 

Government
bonds and notes: The Company uses a third-party pricing service to value these investments. United States bonds and notes are classified
within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices for identical assets and reportable trades. 

Corporate
bonds, notes, and commercial paper: The Company uses a third-party pricing service to value these investments. Corporate bonds, notes
and commercial paper are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using broker/dealer quotes, bids
and offers, benchmark yields and credit spreads and other observable inputs. 

Warrant
liability: The warrant liability (which relates to warrants to purchase shares of common stock)
is marked-to-market each reporting period with the change in fair value recorded to other income (expense) in the accompanying statements
of operations until the warrants are exercised, expire or other facts and circumstances lead the warrant liability to be reclassified
to stockholders equity. The fair value of the warrant liability is estimated using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The significant
assumptions used in preparing the option pricing model for valuing the warrant liability as of December 31, 2022, include (i) volatility
of , (ii) risk free interest rate of , (iii) strike price of , (iv) fair value of common stock of , and (v) expected
life of years. The significant assumptions used in preparing the option pricing model for valuing the warrant liability as of December
31, 2021, include (i) volatility of , (ii) risk free interest rate of , (iii) strike price of , (iv) fair value of common
stock of , and (v) expected life of years. 

The
Company s accounting policy is to recognize transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy on the date of the event or change
in circumstances that caused the transfer. There were no transfers into or out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

to , with the increase of 
relating to the common stock warrants. The diluted net loss per share did not change. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Denominator 

Weighted avg. common shares outstanding 

Basic loss per share attributable to common stock 

Diluted loss per share attributable to common stock: 

Numerator 

Net loss 

Effect of dilutive securities on net loss: 

Common stock warrants 

Total net loss for purpose of calculating diluted net loss per common share 

Denominator 

Weighted avg. common shares outstanding 

Weighted average effect of dilutive securities: 

Common stock warrants 

Total shares for purpose of calculating diluted net loss per common share 

Diluted loss per share attributable to common stock 

Warrants 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

- 

Corporate bonds, notes and commercial paper 
 
 - 

U.S. government agency securities 

- 

December 31, 2021 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Gross 
 unrealized 
 holding 
 gains 
 Gross 
 unrealized 
 holding 
 losses 
 Aggregate 
 fair value 

Government treasury bills 
 
 - 

Corporate bonds, notes and commercial paper 
 
 - 

- 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2022 

(3) Marketable Investment
Securities - (continued) 

Due after one year through two years 
 - 
 - 

There
were sales of marketable investment securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and therefore realized gains or
losses. Additionally, million and million of marketable investment securities matured during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company determined there were other-than-temporary impairments for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

royalty on net sales. Such
royalties are limited to million in the first two calendar years following product launch, after which period there is not a cap
on royalties and no maximum aggregate amount. If generic versions of any such product are introduced, then royalties are reduced by .
The Company incurred royalty expense of and in the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

(b) 
 Antares Pharma, Inc. 

On
October 14, 2021, the Company entered into a license agreement License Agreement with Antares Pharma, Inc. Antares pursuant to which the Company granted to Antares an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable right and license to develop and commercialize,
upon final approval of TLANDO from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), the Company s TLANDO product
with respect to testosterone replacement therapy in males for conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone,
as indicated in NDA No. 208088, treatment of Klinefelter syndrome, and pediatric indications relating to testosterone replacement therapy
in males for conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone (the Field ), in each case within
the United States. TLANDO received FDA approval on March 29, 2022. 

Upon
execution of the Antares License Agreement, Antares paid to the Company an initial payment of million. Antares will also make additional
payments of million to the Company on each of January 1, 2025, and January 1, 2026, provided that certain conditions are satisfied.
The Company is also eligible to receive milestone payments of up to million in the aggregate, depending on the achievement of
certain sales milestones in a single calendar year with respect to all products licensed by Antares under the Antares License Agreement.
In addition, upon commercialization, the Company will receive tiered royalty payments at rates ranging from percentages in the mid-teens
to up to of net sales of TLANDO in the United States, subject to certain minimum royalty obligations. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(4) Contractual
Agreements (continued) 

The
Company retains development and commercialization rights in the rest of the world, and with respect to applications outside of the Field
inside or outside the United States. Antares also purchased certain existing inventory of licensed products from the Company. Finally,
pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, Antares is generally responsible for expenses relating to the development (including
the conduct of any clinical trials) and commercialization of licensed products in the Field in the United States, while the Company is
generally responsible for expenses relating to development activities outside of the Field and/or the United States. The License
Agreement also provided Antares with an option, exercisable on or before March 31, 2022, to license TLANDO XR (LPCN 1111), the Company s
potential once-daily oral product candidate for testosterone replacement therapy. On April 1, 2022, the Company entered into the First
Amendment to the License Agreement (the Amendment ), pursuant to which the License Agreement was amended to extend the deadline
by which Antares was to exercise its option to license TLANDO XR to June 30, 2022. As consideration for the Company agreeing to enter
into the Amendment, in April 2022 Antares paid the Company a non-refundable cash fee of . On June 30, 2022, Antares option
to license TLANDO XR expired and was not exercised. Lipocine retains all development and commercialization rights to TLANDO XR. The Company
recognized revenue under the License Agreement of and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(c) Contract
Research and Development 

The
Company has entered into agreements with various contract organizations that conduct preclinical, clinical, analytical and manufacturing
development work on behalf of the Company as well as a number of independent contractors, primarily clinical researchers, who serve as
advisors to the Company. The Company incurred expenses of million and million under these agreements in 2022 and 2021 and has
recorded these expenses in research and development expenses. 

million. Additionally on April 1, 2020, the Company entered into a Deferral Agreement with SVB. Under the Deferral Agreement,
principal repayments were deferred by six months and the Company was only required to make monthly interest payments. The loan matured
on . The Company made a final payment at maturity equal to (the Final Payment Charge at the time
the loan matured. The expense of the final payment charge had been recognized over the term of the facility using the effective interest
method. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

Lab and office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. 

Deferred 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

(b) Tax
 Rate Reconciliation 

Income
tax expense was and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and differed from the amounts computed by
applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of for 2022 and 2021, respectively, to pretax income from continuing operations as a result
of the following: 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(7) Income Taxes
 (continued) 

Increase (reduction) in income taxes resulting from: 

Change in valuation allowance 

State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 

Stock expense 

Research and development tax credits 

Orphan drug tax credit 

Warrant liability 

Other, net 
 - 

Total 

(c) Significant
 Components of Deferred Taxes 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(7) Income Taxes
 (continued) 
 
 Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Deferred tax assets: 

Stock-based compensation 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Employee benefits 

Research and development tax credits 

Orphan drug credits 

Sec. 174 research and experimental expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Other deductible temporary differences 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Total gross deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilties 

Deferred tax asset/deferred tax liability 

Valuation Allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
million and 
million, respectively. The net change in the valuation allowance was an increase of 
million in 2022 and an increase of 
in 2021. A valuation allowance has been provided for the full amount of the Company s net deferred tax assets as the Company
believes it is more likely than not that these benefits will not be realized. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in
which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
(including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods), projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies
in making this assessment. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(7) Income
 Taxes (continued) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company experienced a change in ownership, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code, as amended
(the Code under Section 382. A change of ownership occurs when ownership of a company increases by more than 50 percentage
points over a three-year testing period of certain stockholders. As a result of this ownership change, we determined that our annual
limitation on the utilization of our federal net operating loss NOL and credit carryforwards is approximately million
per year. We will only be able to utilize million of our pre-ownership change NOL carryforwards and will forgo utilizing million
of our pre-ownership change NOL carryforwards and million of our pre-change credit carryforwards as a result of this ownership change.
We do not account for forgone NOL and credit carryovers in our deferred tax assets and only account for the NOL and credit carryforwards
that will not expire unutilized as a result of the restrictions of Code Section 382. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had NOL and research and development credit carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax reporting purposes of
approximately million and million, respectively. . Pursuant to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, NOL s generated in 2018
and subsequent years have an unlimited carryforward therefore the 2022, 2020, 2019 and 2018 NOL of 44.8 million can be carried forward
indefinitely. The research and development credits will begin to . We have orphan drug credit carry forwards
of approximately million which will expire if unused through 2041. 

We
also have state NOL and research and development credit carry forwards of million and million, respectively.
None of the Company s state NOL expires in 2022, 34.7 million expires between 2023 and 2029, and 90.1 million will expire in
2030 through 2037. The state research and development credits 

The
Company s federal and state income tax returns for December 31, 2019 through 2022 are open tax years. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(8) Leases
 (continued) 

2024 

Total minimum lease payments 

The
Company s rent expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

, from shares to shares. The Company filed the amendment to the Restated Certificate with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware on June 28, 2022. The amendment to the Restated Certificate became effective upon filing with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware 

(a) Issuance
 of Common Stock 

On
January 28, 2021, the Company completed a public offering of securities registered under an effective registration statement filed pursuant
to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended January 2021 Offering ). The gross proceeds from the January 2021 Offering were
approximately million, before deducting underwriter fees and other offering expenses of million. In the January 2021 Offering,
the Company sold shares of its common stock. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(9) Stockholders 
Equity (continued) 

On
March 6, 2017, the Company entered into the a sales agreement Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell, from time to time, shares of its common stock having an
aggregate offering price of up to the amount the Company registered on an effective registration statement pursuant to which the
offering is being made. The Company currently has registered up to 
million for sale under the Sales Agreement, pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-250072) through Cantor
as the Company s sales agent. Cantor may sell the Company s common stock by any method permitted by law deemed to be an
 at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act, including sales made directly on or through
the NASDAQ Capital Market or any other existing trade market for our common stock, in negotiated transactions at market prices
prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to prevailing market prices, or any other method permitted by law. Cantor uses
its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulations to
sell these shares. The Company pays Cantor 
of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of shares under the Sales Agreement. In addition, the Company has also provided
Cantor with customary indemnification rights. 

The
shares of the Company s common stock sold under the Sales Agreement are sold and issued pursuant to the Registration Statement
on Form S-3 (File No. 333-250072) (the Form S-3 ), which was previously declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and the related prospectus and one or more prospectus supplements. 

The
Company is not obligated to make any sales of its common stock under the Sales Agreement. The offering of common stock pursuant to the
Sales Agreement will terminate upon the termination of the Sales Agreement as permitted therein. The Company and Cantor may each terminate
the Sales Agreement at any time upon ten days prior notice. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had sold an aggregate of shares at a weighted-average sales price of per share under the Sales
Agreement for aggregate gross proceeds of million and net proceeds of million, after deducting sales agent commission and
discounts and our other offering costs. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of our common stock
pursuant to the current Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-250072) at a weighted-average sales price of per share,
resulting in net proceeds of approximately million under the Sales Agreement which is net of in expenses. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had million available for sale under the Sales Agreement. 

(b) Rights
 Agreement 

On
November 13, 2015, the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent, entered into a Rights Agreement.
Also on November 12, 2015, the board of directors of the Company authorized and the Company declared a dividend of one preferred stock
purchase right (each a Right and collectively, the Rights for each outstanding share of common stock of
the Company. The dividend was payable to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 30, 2015 and entitles the registered
holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a fully paid non-assessable share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock of the Company at a price of 
 per one-thousandth share (the Purchase
Price ). The Rights will generally become exercisable upon the earlier to occur of (i) 10 business days following a public announcement
that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has become an Acquiring Person (as defined below) or (ii) 10 business days
(or such later date as may be determined by action of the board of directors prior to such time as any person or group of affiliated
or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person) following the commencement of, or announcement of an intention to make, a tender offer
or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in the beneficial ownership by a person or group of 15 or more of the outstanding
common stock of the Company. Except in certain situations, a person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring
Person upon acquiring beneficial ownership of 15 or more of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(9) Stockholders 
 Equity (continued) 

In
general, in the event a person becomes an Acquiring Person, then each Right not owned by such Acquiring Person will entitle its holder
to purchase from the Company, at the Right s then current exercise price, in lieu of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock, common stock of the Company with a market value of twice the Purchase Price. In addition, if after any person has become an Acquiring
Person, (a) the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination, or (b) 50 or more of the Company s assets, or assets
accounting for 50 or more of its earning power, are sold, leased, exchanged or otherwise transferred (in one or more transactions),
proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right (other than the Acquiring Person, its affiliates and associates and certain
transferees thereof, whose Rights became void) shall thereafter have the right to purchase from the acquiring corporation, for the Purchase
Price, that number of shares of common stock of the acquiring corporation which at the time of such transaction would have a market value
of twice the Purchase Price. 

The
Company will be entitled to redeem the Rights at per Right at any time prior to the time an Acquiring Person becomes such. The
terms of the Rights are set forth in the Rights Agreement, which is summarized in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated
November 13, 2015. The rights plan was originally set to expire on November 12, 2018; however, on November 5, 2018 our Board of Directors
approved an Amended and Restated Rights Agreement pursuant to which the expiration date was extended to November 5, 2021 and again on
November 1, 2021, the Company adopted a Second Amended and Restated Rights Agreement pursuant to which the expiration date was extended
to November 1, 2024, unless the rights are earlier redeemed or exchanged by the Company. 

(c) Stock
 Option Plan 

In
April 2014, the board of directors adopted the 2014 Stock and Incentive Plan 2014 Plan subject to shareholder approval
which was received in June 2014. The 2014 Plan provides for the granting of nonqualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation
rights, restricted stock units, restricted stock and dividend equivalents. An aggregate of shares were authorized for issuance
under the 2014 Plan. Additionally, remaining authorized shares under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 2011 Plan were issuable under the 2014 Plan at the time of the 2014 Plan adoption. Upon receiving shareholder approval in June 2016, the 2014 Plan
was amended and restated to increase the authorized number of shares of common stock of the Company issuable under all awards granted
under the 2014 Plan from to . Additionally, upon receiving shareholder approval in June 2018, the 2014 Plan was further
amended and restated to increase the authorized number of shares of common stock of the Company issuable under all awards granted under
the 2014 Plan from to . Finally, upon receiving shareholder approval in June 2020, the 2014 Plan was further amended
and restated to increase the authorized number of shares of common stock of the Company issuable under all awards granted under the 2014
Plan from to . The board of directors, on an option-by-option basis, determines the number of shares, exercise price,
term, and vesting period for options granted. Options granted generally have a ten -year contractual life. The Company issues shares of
common stock upon the exercise of options with the source of those shares of common stock being either newly issued shares or shares
held in treasury. An aggregate of shares are authorized for issuance under the 2014 Plan, with shares remaining available
for grant as of December 31, 2022. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(9) Stockholders 
 Equity (continued) 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options forfeited 

Options cancelled 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

The
intrinsic value for stock options is defined as the difference between the current market value and the exercise price. The total intrinsic
value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. There were and 
stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(9) Stockholders 
 Equity (continued) 

(d) Common
 Stock Warrants 

The
Company accounts for its common stock warrants under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , which requires any financial
instrument, other than an outstanding share, that, at inception, embodies an obligation to repurchase the issuer s equity shares,
or is indexed to such an obligation, and requires or may require the issuer to settle the obligation by transferring assets, to be classified
as a liability. In accordance with ASC 480, the Company s outstanding warrants from the November 2019 Offering are classified as
a liability. The liability is adjusted to fair value at each reporting period, with the changes in fair value recognized as gain (loss)
on change in fair value of warranty liability in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The warrants issued in the
November 2019 Offering allow the warrant holder, if certain change in control events occur, the option to receive an amount of cash equal
to the value of the warrants as determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes option pricing model with certain defined assumptions
upon a fundamental transaction. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had warrants outstanding from the November 2019 Offering to purchase an equal number
of shares of common stock. The fair value of these warrants on November 18, 2019 (closing date of November 19 Offering) and December
31, 2022 and 2021 was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following Level 3 inputs (as defined in the November
2019 Offering): 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Volatility 

Stock price 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a non-cash gain of and , respectively, from the change
in fair value of the November 2019 Offering warrants and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table is a
reconciliation of the warrant liability measured at fair value using level 3 inputs: 

Change in fair value of common stock warrants 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Additionally,
the Company previously issued 
common stock warrants in connection with another stock offering. However, these warrants do not provide the warrant holder the option to receive an
amount of cash equal to the Black-Scholes value of the warrants upon a fundamental transaction. Therefore, the Company has not
recorded a warrant liability with respect to these warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there were 
of these additional warrants outstanding. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(9) Stockholders 
 Equity (continued) 

Issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and common stock warrants to purchase one share of our common stock were exercised,
respectively, resulting in proceeds of and , respectively. 

- 

percent Company
match on up to four percent of an employee s compensation computed on a per pay period basis. The Company contributed and
 , respectively, to the 401(k) Plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

million payable as follows: million immediately, million on July 13, 2022 and on July 13, 2023. On April
29, 2022, the Company agreed to an amendment to Section 3.1 of the Global Agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay Clarus
 in May 2022, with no additional payments required thereafter. No future royalties are owing from either party. On July 15,
2021, the Court dismissed with prejudice the Company s claims and Clarus counterclaims. 

On
November 14, 2019, the Company and certain of our officers were named as defendants in a purported shareholder class action lawsuit,
 Solomon Abady v. Lipocine Inc. et al ., 2:19-cv-00906-PMW, filed in the United District Court for the District of Utah. The complaint
alleges that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that the Company s filing of the
NDA for TLANDO to the FDA contained deficiencies and as a result the defendants statements about our business and operations were
false and misleading and/or lacked a reasonable basis in violation of federal securities laws. The lawsuit seeks certification as a class
action (for a purported class of purchasers of the Company s securities from March 27, 2019 through November 8, 2019), compensatory
damages in an unspecified amount, and unspecified equitable or injunctive relief. The Company has insurance that covers claims of this
nature. The retention amount payable by us under our policy is million. The Company filed a motion to dismiss this class action
lawsuit on July 24, 2020. In response, the plaintiffs filed their response to the motion to dismiss the class action lawsuit on September
22, 2020, and the Company filed its reply to the motion to dismiss on October 22, 2020. A hearing on the motion to dismiss occurred on
January 12, 2022. The Company intends to vigorously defend ourselves against these allegations and have not recorded a liability related
to this shareholder class action lawsuit as the outcome is not probable nor can an estimate be made of loss, if any. 

On
March 13, 2020, the Company filed U.S. patent application serial number 16/818,779 (the Lipocine 779 Application with the USPTO. On October 16 and November 3, 2020, the Company filed suggestions for interference with the USPTO requesting that a patent
interference be declared between the Lipocine 779 Application and US patent application serial number 16/656,178 to Clarus Therapeutics,
Inc. (the Clarus 178 Application ). Pursuant to our request, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board PTAB at the USPTO declared the interference on January 4, 2021 to ultimately determine, as between the Company and Clarus, who is entitled
to the claimed subject matter. The interference number is 106,128, and we were initially declared Senior Party. A conference call with
the PTAB was held on January 25, 2021 to discuss proposed motions. On February 1, 2021, the PTAB issued an order authorizing certain
motions and setting the schedule for the preliminary motions phase. On July 13, 2021, the Company entered into the Global Agreement with
Clarus to resolve interference No. 106,128 among other items. On July 26, 2021, the PTAB granted the Company s request for adverse
judgment in interference No. 106,128 in accordance with the Global Agreement. 

Beyond
the Solomon Abady v. Lipocine Inc. et al ., 2:19-cv-00906-PM matter, management does not currently believe that any other matter,
individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 

LIPOCINE
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

(11) Commitments
 and Contingencies (continued) 

Guarantees
and Indemnifications 

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into agreements, such as lease agreements, licensing agreements, clinical trial agreements,
and certain services agreements, containing standard guarantee and / or indemnifications provisions. Additionally, the Company has indemnified
its directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware. 

percent of the net proceeds received by Spriaso, up to a maximum of million. Spriaso also granted back
to the Company an exclusive license to such intellectual property to develop products outside of the cough and cold field. however, it may be extended upon written agreement of Spriaso and the Company. The Company did not
receive any reimbursements from Spriaso for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received and , respectively, in royalty revenue from Spriaso. Spriaso filed its
first NDA and as an affiliated entity of the Company, it used up the one-time waiver for user fees for a small business submitting its
first human drug application to the FDA. Spriaso is considered a variable interest entity under the FASB ASC Topic 810-10, Consolidations ,
however the Company is not the primary beneficiary and has therefore not consolidated Spriaso. 

per share Series B Preferred Stock, for each outstanding share of common stock of the Company, par value 
 per share to stockholders of record at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 24, 2023. See Item 9B Other Information 
in this Form 10-K for a complete description of the Series B Preferred Stock, including transferability, voting rights, dividend rights,
liquidation preference and redemption rights of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

94 

ITEM 9. CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures within the meaning of Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report on Form
10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our Disclosure
Controls include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
Disclosure Controls, which was done under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and our Principal Financial Officer. Based on the controls evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
have concluded that, as of the date of their evaluation, our Disclosure Controls were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system
was designed to provide our management and board of directors reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting has inherent
limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses
in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion
or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial
reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

Our
management has assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) . Based on our assessment we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting
is effective based on those criteria. 

Change
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER
 INFORMATION 

Issuance
of Series B Preferred Stock 

On
March 7, 2023, the board of directors Board of the Company declared a dividend of one one-thousandth of
a share of Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Series B Preferred Stock ), for each outstanding
share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock to stockholders of record
at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 24, 2023 (the Record Date ). 

General;
Transferability . Shares of Series B Preferred Stock will be uncertificated and represented in book-entry form. No shares of Series
B Preferred Stock may be transferred by the holder thereof except in connection with a transfer by such holder of any shares of Common
Stock held by such holder, in which case a number of one one-thousandths (1/1,000ths) of a share of Series B Preferred Stock equal to
the number of shares of Common Stock to be transferred by such holder will be automatically transferred to the transferee of such shares
of Common Stock. 

Voting
Rights . Each share of Series B Preferred Stock will entitle the holder thereof to 1,000,000 votes per share (and, for
the avoidance of doubt, each fraction of a share of Preferred Stock will have a ratable number of votes). Thus, each one-thousandth of
a share of Series B Preferred Stock would entitle the holder thereof to 1,000 votes. The outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock
will vote together with the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company as a single class exclusively with respect to (i) any proposal
to adopt an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate
of Incorporation ), to effect a reverse stock split of the outstanding shares of Common Stock at a ratio determined in
accordance with the terms of such amendment (the Reverse Stock Split ), and (ii) any proposal to adjourn any
meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of voting on Reverse Stock Split (the Adjournment Proposal ).
The Series B Preferred Stock will not be entitled to vote on any other matter, except to the extent required under the Delaware General
Corporation Law. 

95 

Unless
otherwise provided on any applicable proxy or ballot with respect to the voting on the Reverse Stock Split or the Adjournment Proposal,
the vote of each share of Series B Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) entitled to vote on the Reverse Stock Split, the Adjournment
Proposal or any other matter brought before any meeting of stockholders held to vote on the Reverse Stock Split and the Adjournment Proposal
will be cast in the same manner as the vote, if any, of the share of Common Stock in respect of which such share of Series B Preferred
Stock (or fraction thereof) was issued as a dividend is cast on the Reverse Stock Split, the Adjournment Proposal, or such other matter,
as applicable, and the proxy or ballot with respect to shares of Common Stock held by any holder on whose behalf such proxy or ballot
is submitted will be deemed to include all shares of Series B Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) held by such holder. Holders of Series
B Preferred Stock will not receive a separate ballot or proxy to cast votes with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock on the Reverse
Stock Split, the Adjournment Proposal, or any other matter brought before any meeting of stockholders held to vote on the Reverse Stock
Split. 

Dividend
Rights . The holders of Series B Preferred Stock, as such, will not be entitled to receive dividends of any kind. 

Liquidation
Preference . The Series B Preferred Stock will rank senior to the Common Stock and junior to each other series or class of the
Company s preferred stock issued either before or after the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock, unless the terms of any such
series shall provide otherwise, as to any distribution of assets upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether
voluntarily or involuntarily (a Dissolution ). Upon any Dissolution, each holder of outstanding shares of
Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to stockholders, prior
and in preference to any distribution to the holders of Common Stock, an amount in cash equal to 0.001 per outstanding share of Series
B Preferred Stock. 

Redemption .
All shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are not present in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders held to vote on the
Reverse Stock Split and the Adjournment Proposal as of immediately prior to the opening of the polls at such meeting (the Initial
Redemption Time will automatically be redeemed in whole, but not in part, by the Company at the Initial Redemption Time
without further action on the part of the Company or the holder of shares of Series B Preferred Stock (the Initial Redemption ).
Any outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock that have not been redeemed pursuant to an Initial Redemption will be redeemed in
whole, but not in part, (i) if such redemption is ordered by the Board in its sole discretion, automatically and effective on such time
and date specified by the Board in its sole discretion or (ii) automatically upon the effectiveness of the amendment to the Certificate
of Incorporation implementing the Reverse Stock Split. After the redemption of the Series B Preferred Stock, the Company s capitalization
structure will be as it was prior to the dividend of the Series B Preferred Stock, with the same number of common shares outstanding
as were outstanding prior to the March 24, 2023 dividend of the Series B Preferred Stock, without giving effect to the issuance of common
stock in connection with a stock option exercise or other sales of common stock by the Company. 

Each
share of Series B Preferred Stock redeemed in any redemption described above will be redeemed in consideration for the right to receive
an amount equal to 0.01 in cash for each ten whole shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are beneficially owned by the
 beneficial owner (as such terms are defined in the certificate of designation with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock
(the Certificate of Designation )) thereof as of immediately prior to the applicable redemption time and redeemed
pursuant to such redemption, payable upon receipt by the Company of a written request submitted by the applicable holder to the corporate
secretary of the Company (each a Redemption Payment Request following the applicable redemption time. Such
Redemption Payment Request shall (i) be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, (ii) set forth in reasonable detail the number
of shares of Series B Preferred Stock beneficially owned by the holder at the applicable redemption time and include evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company regarding the same, and (iii) set forth a calculation specifying the amount in cash owed to such holder by
the Company with respect to the shares of Series B Preferred Stock that were redeemed at the applicable redemption time. However, the
redemption consideration in respect of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock (or fractions thereof) redeemed in any redemption described
above: (i) will entitle the former beneficial owners of less than ten whole shares of Preferred Stock redeemed in any redemption to no
cash payment in respect thereof and (ii) will, in the case of a former beneficial owner of a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock
(or fractions thereof) redeemed pursuant to any redemption that is not equal to a whole number that is a multiple of ten, entitle such
beneficial owner to the same cash payment, if any, in respect of such redemption as would have been payable in such redemption to such
beneficial owner if the number of shares (or fractions thereof) beneficially owned by such beneficial owner and redeemed pursuant to
such redemption were rounded down to the nearest whole number that is a multiple of ten (such, that for example, the former beneficial
owner of 25 shares of Series B Preferred Stock redeemed pursuant to any redemption will be entitled to receive the same cash payment
in respect of such redemption as would have been payable to the former beneficial owner of 20 shares of Series B Preferred Stock redeemed
pursuant to such redemption). 

The
Series B Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities
of the Company. The Series B Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund. The Series B Preferred Stock
is not subject to any restriction on the redemption or repurchase of shares by the Company while there is any arrearage in the payment
of dividends or sinking fund installments. 

The
Certificate of Designation was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State and became effective on March 10, 2023. The foregoing description
of the Series B Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Certificate of Designation,
which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

96 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set
forth below is certain biographical information concerning our current executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Appointed 
 
 Dr. Mahesh V. Patel, Ph.D. 
 
 66 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 1997 

Jeffrey A. Fink, M.B.A. 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 2014 

John W. Higuchi, M.B.A. 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 2003 

Dr. Jill M. Jene, Ph.D., M.B.A. 
 
 50 
 
 Director 
 
 2022 

Dr. Richard Dana Ono, Ph.D. 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 2014 

Dr. Spyros Papapetropoulos, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 50 
 
 Lead Independent Director and Chairman of the Board 
 
 2022 

Dr. Nachiappan Chidambaram 
 
 54 
 
 Sr. Vice President, Research and Development 
 
 2007 

Krista Fogarty, MAcc 
 
 55 
 
 Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller 
 
 2018 

Business
Experience 

Mahesh
V. Patel, Ph.D. has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board of Directors since 1997. Dr.
Patel has more than 30 years of experience in strategic planning, technology assessment/development, technical management and product
research and development in the area of drug discovery support, drug delivery and product line extensions. Prior to co-founding Lipocine
in 1997, he led drug delivery research and development at Pharmacia and Upjohn. Dr. Patel received a B.Pharm from Karnataka University
in India, a M.S. in Physical Pharmacy at the University of Cincinnati and a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutics from the University of Utah. We believe
Dr. Patel s dual role as an executive officer and director gives him unique insights into the day-to-day operations of our company
and our strategic planning and clinical development. 

Jeffrey
A. Fink has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January 2014 and has over 20 years of finance and strategy experience
within the life science and healthcare industry. Mr. Fink is currently the managing director of Gambel Oaks Advisors, a strategic and
financial advisory firm dedicated to the life sciences and allied industries, where he has worked since 2010. Mr. Fink spent over twenty
years in the investment banking industry advising life science clients in the U.S. and Europe on the full range of financing and strategic
advisory assignments. He was head of Healthcare Investment Banking for Robert W. Baird Co. in Chicago until he retired in 2007,
and prior to that was a partner in the Healthcare Group at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein (the successor firm to Wasserstein Perella)
and head of Mergers and Acquisitions for Prudential Vector Healthcare, a dedicated biotechnology and life sciences investment bank. Mr.
Fink received a B.A. in Economics, cum laude, from Kalamazoo College and holds an M.B.A. in finance, with distinction, from the University
of Michigan. We believe that Mr. Fink s knowledge of accounting and finance and his extensive experience in the life science industry
greatly benefits the Board. 

John
W. Higuchi , M.B.A. has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 2003. Mr. Higuchi served as Chief Executive
Officer of Aciont Inc., an ocular therapeutics company in Utah from 2003 to 2022. Mr. Higuchi also is a co-founder and serves on the
Board of Directors on Spriaso, LLC, a specialty pharmaceutical company in Utah. From 1997 to 2003, Mr. Higuchi served as our Vice
President of Business Development and Corporate Treasurer. Mr. Higuchi received a B.S. in Chemistry from Hope College and an M.B.A.
and Master of Science in Information Systems from The George Washington University. We believe that Mr. Higuchi s business
development and management experience in the therapeutics industry, together with his significant knowledge of our Company obtained
while serving as a director of our Company, greatly benefits our Board of Directors. 

97 

Dr.
Richard Dana Ono, Ph.D. has served as a director of the Company since January 2014 and has over 35 years of experience managing public
and private life science companies as well as venture capital. Since 2013, he has been an executive-in-residence to several universities
in the United States advising their licensing offices in spin-outs and new company formation from promising technologies. Throughout
his career, he has been engaged in strategic planning, product management, technology acquisition, and commercial development of life
science start-ups and has been involved in a number of pioneering milestones in biotechnology. Dr. Ono has founded several biotech companies
in the U.S. Dr. Ono is a founding director of the Massachusetts Biotechnology Council, Inc. (MassBio) and served on the Board of Trustees
of the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, Massachusetts. He is a Fellow of the Linnean Society of London and a National Member
of the Explorers Club. Dr. Ono received his AB in Earth Planetary Sciences from The Johns Hopkins University and his AM and Ph.D
in Biology from Harvard University, where he also completed a program in business administration. We believe that Dr. Ono s extensive
experience with life science companies at each phase of development greatly benefits the Board of Directors. 

Dr.
Jill Jene, Ph.D. , has served as a director of the Company since April 2022 and brings more than 20 years of biopharmaceutical strategy,
leadership and deal making experience to the Company s Board of Directors. Dr. Jene has amassed a deal sheet of over 6 billion
of closed transactions and she is currently the Founder and Principal of Jene Advisors, a Biopharmaceutical advisory firm, a position
she has held since November 2021. Dr. Jene was the Vice President and Head of Corporate Development, Strategy, Portfolio Planning and
Alliance Management at Adamas from August 2020, until the company was sold to Supernus in November of 2021. Before joining Adamas, Dr.
Jene was Vice President of Business Development for PDL from May 2018 to August 2020, a publicly traded biotechnology company where she
was responsible for executing deal-making to maximize value for shareholders. Before PDL, Dr. Jene led Business Development at twoXAR
from May 2017 to May 2018, where she led deal-making, resulting in closing 6 new partnerships and securing Series A funding from Softbank
and A16z. Prior to twoXAR, Dr. Jene was at Depomed (now Assertio) from April 2006 to May 2017, where she led over 36 transactions including
licensing and M A deals including acquiring 4 commercial franchises. Earlier in her career, she held positions of increasing responsibility
at Baxter International, the 3M Company (Pharmaceutical Division now part of Valeant) and Cell Genesys (acquired by Biosante). Dr. Jene
earned a BS from Bradley, a MS and PhD in Chemistry from Northwestern University, and an MBA in strategic management from DePaul University.
We believe that Dr. Jene s extensive experience in biopharmaceutical business greatly benefits our Board of Directors. 

Dr.
Spyros Papapetropoulos, M.D., Ph.D . has served as a director of the Company since April 2022, and Chairman of the Board of
Directors since November 2022. Dr. Papapetropoulos is an experienced biopharmaceutical executive, recognized neuroscientist,
neurodegenerative disease clinician and change agent. Since January 2023, Dr. Papapetropolous has served as President, Chief
Executive Officer and as a Board Director of Bionomics Inc (NASDAQ: BNOX). Prior to Bionomics, he served as Chief Medical Officer at
Vigil, a position he has held since September 2020, where he oversaw all the clinical development and medical functions. Prior to
Vigil, Dr. Papapetropoulos served as SVP, Head of Development (CDO) at Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. from November 2019 to September
2020, CEO at SwanBio Therapeutics from March 2019 to October 2020, and Head of Research Development and Chief Medical Officer
at Cavion from June 2017 to March 2019. Before Cavion, he held senior/executive positions at Biogen Inc., Allergan plc, Pfizer Inc.,
and Teva Pharmaceuticals Inc. Dr. Papapetropoulos has overseen a broad spectrum of biopharmaceutical development programs including
small molecules, biologics, and gene therapy leading to successful regulatory filings and new product launches worldwide. He holds
appointments as Consultant with Massachusetts General Hospital and has been involved in research that led to the characterization of
genetic forms of Parkinson s disease and development of methodologies relating to the quantification of neuromotor function in
clinical research settings. Dr. Papapetropoulos has published more than 170 peer reviewed articles and authored several book
chapters and patents. Dr. Papapetropoulos received his M.D. and Ph.D. in Greece from the
University of Patras, School of Medicine. We believe that Dr. Papapetropoulos extensive experience with clinical
research and development greatly benefits our Board of Directors. 

Dr.
Nachiappan Chidambaram has served as our Senior Vice President, Research and Development since December 2022, and served as our Vice
President, Product Development, from July 2014 to December 2022. Dr. Chidambaram has over 20 years of product development experience
in pharma and biotech. Prior to being promoted to Vice President, Product Development, Dr. Chidambaram served in various product development
leadership roles with the Company including Associate Director, Product Development, from 2007 to 2014. Prior to joining Lipocine in
2007, Dr. Chidambaram served as the Group Leader at Banner Pharmacaps from 2000 to 2007. He received his Ph.D. in Pharmaceutics from
the University of Connecticut in 2000. 

Krista
Fogarty has served as our Corporate Controller since October 2018 and was appointed principal
accounting officer in January 2022. Ms. Fogarty previously served as Chief Financial Officer at Alternative Behavior Strategies, a provider
of ABA therapy services from 2017 to 2018, and as Controller and Associate VP Business Operations at Navigen, a pharmaceutical discovery
and drug development company, from 2016 to 2017. Prior to that she served as VP Finance at Lineagen, a personal genomics and biotechnology
company from 2013 to 2016. Ms. Fogarty also previously served as Corporate Controller at NPS Pharmaceuticals, a biotechnology company.
Ms. Fogarty received a B.S. in Accounting from Utah State University and also received a MAcc from Utah State University. 

98 

Board
Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Company s management of risk. The Board strives to effectively oversee the
Company s enterprise-wide risk management in a way that balances managing risks while enhancing the long-term value of the Company
for the benefit of the stockholders. The Board of Directors understands that its focus on effective risk oversight is critical to setting
the Company s tone and culture towards effective risk management. To administer its oversight function, the Board seeks to understand
the Company s risk philosophy by having discussions with management to establish a mutual understanding of the Company s
overall appetite for risk. Our Board of Directors maintains an active dialogue with management about existing risk management processes
and how management identifies, assesses, and manages the Company s most significant risk exposures. Our Board expects frequent
updates from management about the Company s most significant risks so as to enable it to evaluate whether management is responding
appropriately. 

Our
Board relies on each of its committees to help oversee the risk management responsibilities relating to the functions performed by such
committees. Our Audit Committee periodically discusses with management the Company s major financial risk exposures and the steps
management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, including the Company s risk assessment and risk management policies.
Our Compensation Committee helps the Board to identify the Company s exposure to any risks potentially created by our compensation
programs and practices. Each of these committees is required to make regular reports of its actions and any recommendations to the Board,
including recommendations to assist the Board with its overall risk oversight function. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the past ten years, none of the Company s executive officers, directors or nominees have (i) been convicted in a criminal proceeding
(excluding traffic violations and similar misdemeanors) or (ii) been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for
matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining such person
from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal
or state securities laws. 

During
the past ten years except as discussed below (i) no petition has been filed under federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws
by or against any of our executive officers, directors or nominees, (ii) no receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by
a court for the business or property of any of our executive officers, directors or nominees, and (iii) none of our executive officers,
directors or nominees was an executive officer of any business entity or a general partner of any partnership at or within two years
before the filing of a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws by or against such entity. All of the
Company s executive officers, directors and nominees listed above are U.S. citizens. 

As
of the date of this Form 10-K, we are not subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceedings
threatened against us or any of our executive officers or directors in their corporate capacity. 

Family
Relationships 

None. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

The
Board has established an Audit Committee and a Compensation Committee. Each committee operates pursuant to a written charter that may
be viewed on our website at www.lipocine.com. The inclusion of our website address in this Proxy Statement does not include or incorporate
by reference the information on our website into this Proxy Statement. The Board does not have a Nominating Committee or other committee
of the Board that performs similar functions. 

Audit
Committee. Our Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and is responsible for (i) retaining,
evaluating and, if appropriate, recommending the termination of our independent registered public accounting firm, (ii) approving the
services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm and (iii) reviewing and evaluating our accounting principles,
financial reporting practices, and system of internal accounting controls. The Audit Committee is also responsible for maintaining communication
between the Board and our independent registered public accounting firm, and has established procedures for the receipt, retention and
treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, and for the confidential, anonymous submission
by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. In addition, all related person transactions are
reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee. 

99 

Our
Audit Committee currently consists of Mr. Fink, Dr. Ono, and Dr. Jene with Mr. Fink serving as the Audit Committee Chairman. The Board
has determined that all members of our Audit Committee are independent under the rules of the SEC, The NASDAQ Stock Market Rules and
the standards adopted by our Board and that Mr. Fink qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined by the
rules of the SEC. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee held five meetings. 

Compensation
Committee. Our Compensation Committee assists our Board in determining the compensation of our executive officers and directors.
The Compensation Committee is responsible for approving the compensation package of each executive officer and recommending each executive
officer s compensation to the Board. The Compensation Committee currently administers our Fourth Amended and Restated 2014 Stock
and Incentive Plan. The Compensation Committee may form and delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees when appropriate. The
Compensation Committee is entitled, at its discretion, to engage a compensation consultant to advise the Compensation Committee. Dr.
Patel makes recommendations to the Compensation Committee regarding the compensation of the other executive officers. 

Our
Compensation Committee currently consists of Dr. Ono, Mr. Fink and Dr. Papapetropoulos with Dr. Ono serving as the Compensation Committee
Chairman. The Board has determined that all members of our Compensation Committee are independent under the rules of the SEC, The NASDAQ
Stock Market Rules and the standards adopted by our Board. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee
held one meeting and had multiple informal discussions amongst themselves. 

Nominating
Committee Functions . Given the relatively small size of our Board of Directors and the desire to involve the entire Board of
Directors in nominating decisions, we have elected not to have a separate Nominating Committee. Since we do not have a Nominating Committee,
our independent directors, who currently constitute a majority of the Board of Directors, determine the director nominees and recommend
the director nominees to the Board of Directors, after which all of the members of the Board of Directors participate in the consideration
of director nominees. Our Board of Directors may employ a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating director nominees. If vacancies
are anticipated or arise, our Board of Directors considers various potential candidates who may come to our attention through current
Board members, professional search firms, stockholders or other persons. These candidates may be evaluated by our Board of Directors
at any time during the year. 

In
evaluating a director candidate, our Board of Directors will review his or her qualifications including capability, availability to serve,
conflicts of interest, general understanding of business, understanding of the Company s business and technology, educational and
professional background, personal accomplishments and other relevant factors. Our Board of Directors has not established any specific
qualification standards for director nominees, and we do not have a formal diversity policy relating to the identification and evaluation
of nominees for director, although from time to time the Board of Directors may identify certain skills or attributes as being particularly
desirable to help meet specific needs that have arisen. Our Board of Directors may also interview prospective nominees in person or by
telephone. After completing this evaluation, the Board of Directors will determine the nominees. 

The
Board has not adopted a formal process for considering director candidates who may be recommended by stockholders. However, our policy
is to give due consideration to any and all such candidates. A stockholder may submit a recommendation for director candidates to us
at our corporate offices, to the attention of Krista Fogarty. During 2021 and 2022, fees totaling 169,000 were paid to a third-party
search firm for their services in identifying potential nominees and the successful appointment of two Directors in April 2022. 

Board
Meetings and Attendance at Annual Meetings 

The
Board held a total of three meetings during 2022. Each incumbent director attended more than 75 of the aggregate of the total number
of meetings of the Board held during 2022 and the total number of meetings of all committees of the Board on which that director served
during the periods of such service. Although we do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by directors at our Annual Meeting,
we encourage directors to attend. We held our annual meeting of stockholders for the 2022 fiscal year on June 8, 2022, and two of our
directors were in attendance. 

Codes
of Ethics and Business Conduct 

We
have adopted a corporate Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, which may be viewed on our website at www.lipocine.com. In addition, a
copy of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct will be provided by us without charge upon request. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
applies to all our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial and accounting officer
and controller, or persons performing similar functions. If we effect an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Ethics
and Business Conduct, we intend to satisfy our disclosure requirements by posting a description of such amendment or waiver on the website
above. The inclusion of our website address in this report does not include or incorporate by reference the information on our website
into this report. 

Director
Independence 

Currently,
Mr. Fink, Dr. Ono, Dr. Jene, and Dr. Papapetropoulos are each considered an independent director under the Nasdaq listing
rules, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual
having a relationship, which, in the opinion of our Board would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Dr. Papapetropoulos has been appointed the lead independent director and chairman
of our Board of Directors. 

Our
independent directors conduct regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Any
affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our Board reviews and
approves all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table contains information with respect to the compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 of each individual
who acted as our principal executive officer and our two other most highly compensated executive officers or employees during the year
ended December 31, 2022. We refer to the employees identified in this table as our Named Executive Officers . 

100 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) (2) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 
 
 Mahesh V. Patel 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 494,172 
 284,943 
 88,951 
 15,788 
 (3) 
 883,854 

2021 
 470,640 
 418,063 
 195,904 
 14,975 
 (3) 
 1,099,582 

Krista Fogarty 

Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller (6) 
 2022 
 229,305 
 29,661 
 28,663 
 10,150 
 (4) 
 297,779 

Nachiappan Chidambaram 

Senior Vice President, Research and Development 
 2022 
 265,749 
 41,029 
 33,219 
 12,200 
 (5) 
 352,197 

2021 
 253,094 
 102,539 
 58,528 
 11,600 
 (5) 
 425,761 

(1) 
 Reflects the
 aggregate grant date fair value of stock option awards computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718 but excludes an estimate for forfeitures.
 The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Additional information
 about the assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts is included in footnote 9 to our audited financial statements for
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report. 

(2) 
 Non-equity incentive plan
 compensation includes cash awards granted at the discretion of the Compensation Committee under our cash bonus plan for achieving
 certain performance-based criteria. 

(3) 
 Includes 3,588 and 3,375,
 respectively, in life insurance premiums we paid on behalf of the executive officer in 2022 and 2021 and 12,200 and 11,600, respectively,
 in 401(k) plan matching contributions in 2022 and 2021. 

(4) 
 Includes 10,150 in 401(k)
 plan matching contributions in 2022. 

(5) 
 Includes 12,200 and 11,600,
 respectively, in 401(k) plan matching contributions in 2022 and 2021. 

(6) 
 Ms. Fogarty was promoted
 to Principal Accounting Officer in January 2022. 

101 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table presents for each named executive officer, information regarding outstanding stock options and stock awards held as of
December 31, 2022. 

Option grant 
 date 
 Number of securities underlying 
 unexercised options 
 exercisable(1) 
 
 Number of securities underlying 
 unexercised options 
 unexercisable 
 Option 
 exercise price 
 ) 
 Option 
 expiration date 
 
 Mahesh V. Patel, Ph.D. 
 01/31/2013 
 136,518 
 (2) 
 - 
 2.81 
 08/12/2023 

01/31/2013 
 31,978 
 (3) 
 - 
 2.81 
 12/16/2023 

01/31/2013 
 83,421 
 (4) 
 - 
 2.81 
 07/10/2023 

01/31/2013 
 10,844 
 (5) 
 - 
 2.81 
 12/15/2023 

01/31/2013 
 69,518 
 (6) 
 - 
 2.81 
 01/31/2023 

12/10/2013 
 25,000 
 (7) 
 - 
 8.10 
 12/09/2023 

08/14/2014 
 105,116 
 (8) 
 - 
 8.43 
 08/14/2024 

01/05/2016 
 140,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 12.92 
 01/05/2026 

12/07/2016 
 140,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 3.61 
 12/07/2026 

12/06/2017 
 150,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 3.52 
 12/06/2027 

12/04/2018 
 150,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 1.46 
 12/04/2028 

01/28/2020 
 300,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 0.46 
 01/28/2030 

12/15/2020 
 69,445 
 (8) 
 30,555 
 1.37 
 02/15/2030 

01/04/2021 
 183,334 
 (8) 
 91,666 
 1.43 
 01/04/2031 

12/07/2021 
 45,139 
 (8) 
 79,861 
 1.12 
 12/07/2031 

01/03/2022 
 95,834 
 (8) 
 191,666 
 1.09 
 01/03/2032 

12/22/2022 
 - 
 (8) 
 112,500 
 0.41 
 12/22/2032 
 
 Krista Fogarty 

10/22/2018 
 15,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 1.13 
 10/22/2028 

12/04/2018 
 5,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 1.46 
 12/04/2028 

01/28/2020 
 25,278 
 (8) 
 722 
 0.46 
 01/28/2030 

12/15/2020 
 30,667 
 (8) 
 15,333 
 1.37 
 12/15/2030 

12/07/2021 
 15,334 
 (8) 
 30,666 
 1.12 
 12/07/2031 

12/22/2022 
 - 
 (8) 
 91,850 
 0.41 
 12/22/2032 
 
 Nachiappan Chidambaram 
 01/31/2013 
 13,068 
 (2) 
 - 
 2.81 
 08/12/2023 

01/31/2013 
 2,780 
 (3) 
 - 
 2.81 
 12/16/2023 

01/31/2023 
 1,390 
 (5) 
 - 
 2.81 
 12/15/2023 

01/31/2013 
 11,122 
 (6) 
 - 
 2.81 
 01/31/2023 

12/10/2013 
 5,000 
 (7) 
 - 
 8.10 
 12/10/2023 

08/14/2014 
 31,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 8.43 
 08/14/2024 

01/05/2016 
 25,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 12.92 
 01/05/2026 

12/07/2016 
 30,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 3.61 
 12/07/2026 

12/06/2017 
 34,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 3.52 
 12/06/2027 

12/04/2018 
 34,000 
 (8) 
 - 
 1.46 
 12/04/2028 

01/28/2020 
 58,334 
 (8) 
 1,666 
 0.46 
 01/28/2030 

12/15/2020 
 70,000 
 (8) 
 35,000 
 1.37 
 02/15/2030 

12/07/2021 
 38,500 
 (8) 
 77,000 
 1.12 
 12/07/2031 

12/22/2022 
 - 
 (8) 
 127,050 
 0.41 
 12/22/2032 

(1) 
 The options have not been,
 and may never be, exercised, and actual gains, if any, on exercise will depend on the value of the shares of common stock on the
 date of exercise. 

102 

(2) 
 These options replaced
 all of the executive officer s prior stock option grants and were fully vested on the date of grant with a ten-year life. 

(3) 
 Vesting of these stock
 options were originally solely subject to the achievement of certain milestones related to the successful development of our product
 candidates. The stock options would vest on December 31st of the calendar year in which the specific milestone is accomplished as
 determined by the Board of Directors or on June 30, 2014, for any milestone accomplished prior to that date in 2014. Any shares that
 remained unvested as of June 30, 2014, would expire unless extended by our Board of Directors. Based upon milestones achieved in
 2011, the Board of Directors determined that for 2011, 10 of such stock options and stock awards had vested as of December 31, 2011.
 No milestones were achieved in 2012. In January 2013, the vesting of these stock options was modified such that the stock options
 and stock awards will vest as follows: (i) 100 upon first dosing in the pivotal clinical study for TLANDO, or (ii) 50 of the unvested
 portion on January 31, 2014, and 50 of the remaining unvested portion on January 31, 2015. In addition, the option expiration date
 was extended to the 10-year anniversary of the date of grant. Vesting of these options occurred on February 10, 2014 which was the
 date of first dosing in the pivotal clinical study for TLANDO. 

(4) 
 This option was fully vested
 on the date of grant. 

(5) 
 Vesting of this stock option
 was originally solely subject to the achievement of certain milestones related to the successful development of our product candidates.
 Based upon milestones achieved in 2012, the Board of Directors determined that for 2012, 30 of such options had vested as of December
 31, 2012. In January 2013, the vesting of this stock option was modified such that the stock option will vest as follows: (i) 100 
 upon first dosing in the pivotal clinical study for TLANDO, or (ii) 50 of the remaining unvested potion on January 31, 2014, and
 50 of the remaining unvested portion on January 31, 2015. Vesting of these options occurred on February 10, 2014, which was the
 date of first dosing in the pivotal clinical study for TLANDO. 

(6) 
 Vesting of the stock option
 is 1/36th a month over a three-year term. 

(7) 
 Vesting of the stock option
 is cliff vesting on December 31, 2014. 

(8) 
 Vesting of the stock option
 is over a three-year term with cliff vesting of one-third at the end year one with the remaining two thirds vesting at 1/24th a month
 over the next 24 months. 

Executive
Employment Agreements and Change-in-Control Arrangements 

We
have entered into employment agreements with the following executive officers: Dr. Mahesh V. Patel, Ms. Krista Fogarty, and Dr. Nachiappan
Chidambaram. Below is a description of such employment agreements. 

Dr.
Mahesh V. Patel: The Company has entered into an Employment Agreement with Dr. Mahesh V. Patel, who has served as our President and
Chief Executive Officer since 1997. Under the terms of the Employment Agreement between the Company and Dr. Patel, dated January 7, 2014
(the Dr. Patel Agreement ), Dr. Patel received an initial base salary of 370,800 per year, which has been subsequently
increased by the Board to 525,000 per year and is subject to further adjustment by the Board. Dr. Patel will be eligible to participate
in the Company s cash bonus plan. In the event Dr. Patel s employment is terminated without Cause or for Good Reason, as
such terms are defined in the Dr. Patel Agreement, Dr. Patel will be entitled to receive, among other severance benefits, up to 104 weeks
of severance pay at his then-applicable base salary, full vesting of all outstanding equity awards and, in the case of outstanding options
to purchase common stock, extension of the exercise period to at least three years after such termination. 

Krista
Fogarty: The Company has entered into an Employment Agreement with Ms. Fogarty, who was appointed to Principal Accounting Officer
of the Company in January 2022. Under the terms of the Employment Agreement between the Company and Ms. Fogarty, dated March 7, 2022,
(the Fogarty Agreement ), Ms. Fogarty received an initial base salary of 235,000 per year, which has subsequently been
increased by the Board to 248,000 per year, and is subject to further adjustment by the Board. Ms. Fogarty is eligible to participate
in the Company s cash bonus plan. In the event Ms. Fogarty s employment is terminated without Cause or for Good Reason, as
such terms are defined in the Fogarty Agreement, Ms. Fogarty will be entitled to receive amount other severance benefits, 26 weeks of
severance pay at her then-applicable base salary and six months accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards. 

Dr.
Nachiappan Chidambaram: The Company has entered into an Employment Agreement with Dr. Nachiappan Chidambaram, who was appointed Senior
Vice President, Research and Development of the Company in December 2022. Under the terms of the Employment Agreement between the Company
and Dr. Chidambaram, dated November 5, 2018 (the Dr. Chidambaram Agreement ), Dr. Chidambaram received an initial base salary
of 234,000 per year, which has been subsequently increased by the Board to 298,000 per year, and is subject to further adjustment by
the Board. Dr. Chidambaram is eligible to participate in the Company s cash bonus plan. In the event Dr. Chidambaram s employment
is terminated without Cause or for Good Reason, as such terms are defined in the Dr. Chidambaram Agreement, Dr. Chidambaram will be entitled
to receive among other severance benefits, 26 weeks of severance pay at his then-applicable base salary and six months accelerated vesting
of all outstanding equity awards. 

103 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
following table provides information regarding compensation of non-employee directors who served during 2022. In 2022, each non-employee
director received an annual retainer of 35,000; members of the Audit Committee received an additional 5,000 for such service and members
of the Compensation Committee received an additional 5,000 for such service. Also in 2022, the Lead Independent Director received an
additional 6,250 for the prorated portion of the year the Lead Independent Director served as such, the Chair of the Audit Committee
received 16,500, and the Chair of the Compensation Committee received 10,000. Finally, we reimbursed our directors for reasonable travel
expenses incurred in attending the meetings of the Board of Directors during 2022. On June 8, 2022, directors received a stock option
award of 22,000 shares of common stock. Each new director appointed in 2022 also received an initial stock option grant to purchase 10,000
shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price per share equal to the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. 

Director
Compensation for 2022 

Name 
 Fees
Earned 
 or Paid in 
 Cash ) 
 Stock 
Awards ) 
 Option Awards )(6) 
 Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Jeffrey A. Fink (1) 
 57,750 
 - 
 15,687 
 - 
 73,435 
 
 John W. Higuchi (2) 
 35,000 
 - 
 15,687 
 - 
 50,687 
 
 Jill M. Jene (3) 
 30,000 
 - 
 25,010 
 - 
 55,010 
 
 R. Dana Ono (4) 
 51,250 
 - 
 15,687 
 - 
 66,937 
 
 Spyros Papapetropoulos (5) 
 36,250 
 - 
 25,010 
 - 
 61,260 

(1) 
 As of December
 31, 2022, Mr. Fink had 136,000 option awards outstanding. 

(2) 
 As of December
 31, 2022, Mr. Higuchi had 307,490 option awards outstanding. 

(3) 
 As of December
 31, 2022, Dr. Jene had 32,000 option awards outstanding. Fees earned by were paid to Jene Advisors. 

(4) 
 As of December
 31, 2022, Dr. Ono had 136,000 option awards outstanding. 

(5) 
 As of December 31, 2022,
 Dr. Spyros Papapetropoulos had 32,000 option awards outstanding. Fees earned were paid to Encephalos Life Sciences. 

(6) 
 The amounts
 in this column do not reflect compensation actually received by our non-employee directors nor do they reflect the actual value that
 will be recognized by the non-employee directors. Instead, the amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value computed in accordance
 with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718 of awards of stock options made to non-employee directors for the
 fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 but excludes an estimate for forfeitures. The fair value of each option award is estimated on
 the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Additional information about the assumptions used in the calculation
 of these amounts is included in footnote 2 to our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 included
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

For
the 2023 fiscal year, the Board of Directors has determined that each non-employee director will receive an annual retainer of 55,000,
plus an additional 7,500 for members of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Chairs of the Audit Committee and Compensation
Committee will also receive an additional 16,500 and 12,500, respectively, and the Lead Independent Director will receive an additional
 30,000. In addition to the cash retainers, the Board of Directors also approved a director stock option award of 30,000 shares of common
stock to each non-employee director, which the Company expects to grant following the 2023 Annual Meeting. 

104 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
 CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) any person or
group owning more than 5 of any class of voting securities, (ii) each director, (iii) our chief executive officer and president and
(iv) all executive officers and directors as a group as of February 28, 2023. Unless noted, the address for the following beneficial
owners and management is 675 Arapeen Dr, Suite 202, Salt Lake City, UT 84108. 

Percentage
ownership in the table below is based on 88,510,791 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 28, 2023. Beneficial ownership
is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and generally includes voting power and/or investment power with respect to the
securities held. Any securities not outstanding but which are subject to options or warrants exercisable within 60 days of February 28,
2023, are deemed outstanding and beneficially owned for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding common stock beneficially
owned by the stockholder holding such options or warrants but are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
of common stock beneficially owned by any other stockholder. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares Beneficially Owned 

Number 
 Percent 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Mahesh V. Patel, Ph.D. (1) 
 2,947,582 
 3.3 

Krista Fogarty, MAcc (2) 
 114,723 

Nachiappan Chidambaram, Ph.D. (3) 
 419,139 

John W. Higuchi, M.B.A. (4) 
 797,548 

Jeffrey A Fink (5) 
 120,562 

R. Dana Ono, Ph.D. (6) 
 124,125 

Jill
M. Jene, Ph.D. (7) 
 3,334 

Spyros
Papapetropoulos, Ph.D. (8) 
 25,073 

All executive officers and directors as a group (10 persons) 
 4,552,086 
 5.0 

Less than 1.0 . 

(1) 
 Includes 1,478,090
 shares held (i) by Dr. Patel and (ii) Dr. Patel s spouse, in addition to 1,469,492 shares Dr. Patel has the right to acquire
 through the exercise of options within 60 days of February 28, 2023. 

(2) 
 Includes 12,500 shares
 held by Ms. Fogarty and 102,223 shares Ms. Fogarty has the right to acquire through the exercise of options within 60 days of February
 28, 2023. 

105 

(3) 
 Includes 67,138 shares
 held by Dr. Chidambaram and 352,001 shares Dr. Chidambaram has the right to acquire through the exercise of options within 60 days
 of February 28, 2023. 

(4) 
 Includes 693,548 shares
 held by Mr. Higuchi and 104,000 shares Mr. Higuchi has the right to acquire through the exercise of options within 60 days of February
 28, 2023. 

(5) 
 Includes 6,562 shares held
 by Mr. Fink and 114,000 shares Mr. Fink has the right to acquire through the exercise of options within 60 days of February 28, 2023. 

(6) 
 Includes 10,125 shares
 held by Dr. Ono and 114,000 shares Dr. Ono has the right to acquire through the exercise of options within 60 days of February 28,
 2023. 

(7) 
 No shares were held by
 Dr. Jene as of February 28, 2023. Dr. Jene has the right to acquire 3,334 shares through the exercise of options within 60 days of
 February 28, 2023. 

(8) 
 Includes 21,739 shares
 held by Dr. Papapetropoulos and Dr. Papapetropoulos has the right to acquire 3,334 shares through the exercise of options within
 60 days of February 28, 2023. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022, relating to all of our equity compensation plans: 

Plan Category 
 (a) Number of shares to be 
 issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options (1) 
 (b) Weighted-average exercise price of 
 outstanding options (2) 
 (c) Number of securities remaining available 
 for future issuance under equity compensation 
 plans (excluding securities reflected in column 
 (a)) 

Equity compensation plan approved by stockholders 
 4,713,862 
 2.29 
 566,661 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

TOTAL 
 4,713,862 
 2.29 
 566,661 

(1) 
 The balance consists of
 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options granted under our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended,
 and our 2014 Equity and Incentive Plan, as amended. Shares available for issuance under the Fourth Amended and Restated 2014 Equity
 and Incentive Plan may become subject to stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance
 shares, performance units or other equity awards, with such terms and conditions, performance requirements, restrictions, forfeiture
 provisions, contingencies and other limitations as determined by the Compensation Committee. 

(2) 
 The weighted-average exercise
 price does not take into account shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock or restricted stock
 units, which have no exercise price. 

106 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

Since
January 1, 2021, there has not been, nor has there been proposed, any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship or series of
similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, including those involving indebtedness not in the ordinary course of business, to
which we or our subsidiaries were or are a party, or in which we or our subsidiaries were or are a participant, in which the amount involved
exceeded or exceeds the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) 1 of the average total assets of the Company at year end for the past two fiscal
years, and in which any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5 of any class of
our voting securities or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest, other than as described above under the heading Executive Compensation and other than the transactions described
below. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

We
have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our executive officers and directors that require us to indemnify such persons
against any and all expenses, including judgments, fines or penalties, attorney s fees, witness fees or other professional fees
and related disbursements and other out-of-pocket costs incurred, in connection with any action, suit, arbitration, alternative dispute
resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry or administrative hearing, whether threatened, pending or completed, to which any such person
may be made a party by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of our Company, provided
that such director or officer acted in good faith and in a manner that the director or officer reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed
to, our best interests. The indemnification agreements also set forth procedures that will apply in the event of a claim for indemnification
thereunder. We believe that these provisions and agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 

Spriaso
LLC Assignment and Services Agreements 

On
July 23, 2013, we entered into assignment/license and services agreements with Spriaso LLC Spriaso ), an entity that is
majority-owned by Dr. Mahesh V. Patel, Gordhan Patel, John W. Higuchi, Dr. William I. Higuchi, and their affiliates. Dr. Mahesh V. Patel
is our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Higuchi is a member of our Board of Directors and Gordhan Patel and Dr. William I.
Higuchi, former Board members, were each a member of our Board of Directors at the date the license and agreements were entered into. 

Under
the assignment agreement, we assigned and transferred to Spriaso all of our rights, title and interest in our intellectual property for
the cough and cold field. In addition, Spriaso was assigned all rights and obligations under our product development agreement with a
co-development partner. In exchange, we are entitled to receive a potential cash royalty of 20 of the net proceeds received by Spriaso,
up to a maximum of 10 million. Spriaso also granted back to us an exclusive license to such intellectual property to develop products
outside of the cough and cold field. The assignment agreement will expire upon the expiration of all of Spriaso s payment obligations
thereunder and the expiration of all of the licensed patents thereunder. Spriaso has the right to terminate the assignment agreement
with 30 days written notice. We have the right to terminate the assignment agreement upon the complete liquidation or dissolution of
Spriaso, unless the assignment agreement is assigned to an affiliate or successor of Spriaso. 

The
Company also agreed to continue providing up to 10 of the services of certain employees to Spriaso for a period of time. The agreement
to provide services expired in 2021; however, it may be extended upon written agreement of Spriaso and the Company. Additionally, Spriaso
filed its first New Drug Application in 2014, as an affiliated entity of Lipocine, it used up the one-time waiver of user fees for a
small business submitting its first human drug application to U.S. Food and Drug Administration. 

Director
Independence 

For
information regarding the independence of our directors, see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance in
Part III, Item 10 of this Form 10-K. 

107 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Principal
Accountant Fees and Services 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm is Tanner LLC, Salt Lake City, Utah, Auditor Firm ID: PCAOB ID No. 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company by Tanner for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 
 2021 

Audit fees 
 191,031 
 (1) 
 178,678 

Audit-related fees 
 - 
 
 - 

Tax fees 
 - 
 
 - 

All other fees 
 - 
 
 - 

Total audit and tax fees 
 191,031 
 
 178,678 

(1)
Estimated fees. 

Audit
fees consist of Tanner s fees for services related to their audits of our annual financial statements, their review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, their
review of SEC filed registration statements, and fees for services that are normally incurred in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements, such as the issuance of consents and comfort letters. 

Audit-related
fees consist of fees for assurance related services by Tanner that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our consolidated financial statements but are not considered audit fees. We did not incur any fees under this category
in 2022 or 2021. 

Tax
fees consist of advisory services consisting primarily of tax advice rendered by Tanner. We did not incur any fees under this category
in 2022 or 2021. 

All
other fees consist of fees for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for permissible
non-audit services, if any. We did not incur any fees under this category in 2022 or 2021. 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

The
Audit Committee charter provides that the Audit Committee will pre-approve all audit services and non-audit services to be provided by
our independent auditors before the accountant is engaged to render these services. The Audit Committee may consult with management in
the decision-making process but may not delegate this authority to management. The Audit Committee may delegate its authority to pre-approve
services to one or more committee members, provided that the designees present the pre-approvals to the full committee at the next committee
meeting. In 2022, all audit services performed by our independent accountants were pre-approved by our Audit Committee to assure that
such services did not impair the auditors independence from us. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

1.
 Financial Statements. The financial statements listed on the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed
as part of this report. 

2.
 Financial statement schedules. There are no financial statements schedules included because they are either not applicable or
the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

108 

3.
 Exhibits . The following exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. 

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 

Incorporation
By Reference 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
Description 
 
 Form 
 
 SEC
File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
Date 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated July 24, 2013, by and among Marathon Bar Corp., Lipocine Operating Inc., and MBAR Acquisition Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 2.1 
 
 7/25/2013 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 3.2 
 
 7/25/2013 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 3.3 
 
 7/25/2013 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/1/2015 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Increase of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/1/2021 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Lipocine Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 3.4 
 
 6/28/2022 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock certificate 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 4.1 
 
 7/25/2013 

4.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Stockholder Rights Agreement dated as of November 1, 2021 by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 4.1 
 
 11/1/2021 

4.3 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 4.1 
 
 11/14/2019 

4.4 
 
 Form of Common Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 4.2 
 
 11/14/2019 

4.5 
 
 Form of Common Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 4.1 
 
 2/26/2020 

4.6 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 4.6 
 
 3/9/2022 

10.1 
 
 Lipocine Inc. Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/25/2013 

10.2 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement and Option Grant Notice under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/25/2013 

10.3 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement and Notice under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 10.3 
 
 7/25/2013 

10.4 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Notice under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.4 
 
 3/31/2014 

10.5 

Amended and Restated Lipocine Inc. 2014 Stock and Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-197421 
 
 99.1 
 
 7/15/2014 

10.6 
 
 Second Lease Extension and Modification Agreement, dated June 21, 2011, by and between Lipocine Inc. and Paradigm Resources, L.C. 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 10.5 
 
 7/25/2013 

10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Lipocine Inc. and each of its directors and officers 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 10.6 
 
 7/25/2013 

10.8 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 25, 2004, by and between Lipocine Operating Inc. and Schwarz Pharma Limited (now UCB Manufacturing Ireland Ltd.) 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 10.8 
 
 7/25/2013 

109 

Exhibit 

Incorporation
 By Reference 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 SEC
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 

10.9 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 20, 2001, by and among Lipocine Operating Inc., Elan International Services, Ltd., and Elan Pharma International Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 10.9 
 
 7/25/2013 

10.10 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 26, 2013 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 10.10 
 
 7/31/2013 

10.11 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 26, 2013 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 10.11 
 
 7/31/2013 

10.12+ 
 
 Manufacturing Agreement, dated August 27, 2013, by and between Lipocine Inc. and Encap Drug Delivery. 
 
 8-K 
 
 333-178230 
 
 10.12 
 
 9/5/2013 

10.13 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated January 7, 2014, by and between Lipocine Inc. and Dr. Mahesh V. Patel 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55092 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/7/2014 

10.14 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Lipocine Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/9/2016 

10.15 
 
 Commercial Manufacturing Services and Supply Agreement, dated March 3, 2016, by and between Lipocine Inc. and M.W. Encap Ltd. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/9/2016 

10.16 
 
 Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated March 6, 2017, by and between Lipocine Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.22 
 
 3/6/2017 

10.17 
 
 Vice President Employment Agreement, dated November 5, 2018, by and between Lipocine Inc. and Nachiappan Chidambaram. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/7/18 

10.18 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated January 5, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/9/2018 

10.19 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Lipocine Inc. 2014 Stock and Incentive Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/7/2018 

10.20 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2019, by and between Lipocine, Inc. and the purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/14/2019 

10.21 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2020, by and between Lipocine, Inc. and the purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/26/2020 

10.22 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Lipocine Inc. 2014 Stock an d Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-240197 
 
 99.1 
 
 07/30/2020 

10.23 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 16, 2021, made by and among Lipocine Inc., Lipocine Operating Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/18/2021 

10.24 
 
 License Agreement dated October 14, 2021, by and between Lipocine, Inc. and Antares Pharma, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/10/2021 

10.25 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Commercial Manufacturing Services and Supply Agreement between Lipocine, Inc. and MW Encap Ltd. Dated October 13, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/10/2021 

10.26 
 
 Principal Accounting Officer Employment Agreement, dated March 7, 2022, by and between Lipocine Inc. and Krista Fogarty. 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/7/2022 

10.27 
 
 First Amendment to License Agreement, dated October 14, 2021, made by and among Lipocine Inc., and Antares Pharma, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-36357 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/9/2022 

110 

Exhibit 

Incorporation By
 Reference 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 SEC File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Tanner LLC 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement 
 
 + 
 Confidential treatment has been granted with respect
 to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been submitted separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted
 pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any
 such instruments. 

ITEM
 16. FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

111 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Lipocine
 Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Dated:
 March 10, 2023 
 /s/
 Mahesh V. Patel 

Mahesh
 V. Patel, President and Chief 
 Executive
 Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

Dated:
 March 10, 2023 
 /s/
 Krista Fogarty 

Krista
 Fogarty, Corporate Controller 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Mahesh V. Patel 
 
 President
and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Mahesh V. Patel 
 
 Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Krista Fogarty 
 
 Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Krista Fogarty 

/s/
 Jeffrey Fink 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey
Fink 

/s/
 Jill M. Jene 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Jill M. Jene 

/s/
 John Higuchi 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 John Higuchi 

/s/
 R. Dana Ono 
 
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 R. Dana Ono 

/s/
 Spyros Papapetropoulos 
 
 Independent Lead Director and Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Spyros Papapetropoulos 

112 

<EX-3.6>
 2
 ex3-6.htm

Exhibit
3.6 

LIPOCINE
INC. 

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATION 

 OF 

 SERIES
B PREFERRED STOCK 

Pursuant
to Section 151 of the 

 General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware 

THE
UNDERSIGNED DOES HEREBY CERTIFY, on behalf of Lipocine Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), that the
following resolution was duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors ), in
accordance with the provisions of Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (the DGCL ),
at a meeting duly called and held on March 7, 2023, which resolution provides for the creation of a series of the Corporation s
Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, which is designated as Series B Preferred Stock, with the rights, powers and
preferences, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, set forth therein. 

WHEREAS ,
the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as amended, the Certificate of Incorporation ),
provides for a class of capital stock of the Corporation known as preferred stock, consisting of 10,000,000 shares, par value 0.0001
per share (the Preferred Stock ), issuable from time to time in one or more series, and further provides that the
Board of Directors is expressly authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by law, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred
Stock in one or more series, and by filing a certificate of designation pursuant to the DGCL, to establish from time to time the number
of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers (including voting powers), preferences and rights of
each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED , that, pursuant to authority conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Certificate of Incorporation,
(i) a series of Preferred Stock be, and hereby is, authorized by the Board of Directors, (ii) the Board of Directors hereby authorizes
the issuance of 200,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and (iii) the Board of Directors hereby fixes the designations, powers, preferences
and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of such shares of Preferred Stock, in addition to any provisions
set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation that are applicable to all series of the Preferred Stock, as follows: 

TERMS
OF PREFERRED STOCK 

1.
 Designation, Amount and Par Value . The series of Preferred Stock created hereby shall be designated as the Series B Preferred
Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock ), and the number of shares so designated shall be 200,000. Each share of Series
B Preferred Stock shall have a par value of 0.0001 per share. 

2.
 Dividends . The holders of Series B Preferred Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to receive dividends of any kind. 

3.
 Voting Rights . Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or required by law, the holders of shares of Series
B Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights: 

3.1
Except as otherwise provided herein, each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock shall have 1,000,000 votes per share (and, for
the avoidance of doubt, each fraction of a share of Series B Preferred Stock shall have a ratable number of votes). The outstanding shares
of Series B Preferred Stock shall vote together with the outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock ), of the Corporation as a single class exclusively with respect to the Reverse Stock Split (as defined below) and the
Adjournment Proposal (as defined below) and shall not be entitled to vote on any other matter except to the extent required under the
DGCL. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and for the avoidance of doubt, each share of Series B Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) redeemed
pursuant to the Initial Redemption (as defined below) shall have no voting power with respect to, and the holder of each share of Series
B Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) redeemed pursuant to the Initial Redemption shall have no voting power with respect to any such
share of Series B Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) on, the Reverse Stock Split, the Adjournment Proposal, or any other matter brought
before any meeting of stockholders held to vote on the Reverse Stock Split. As used herein, the term Reverse Stock Split 
means any proposal to adopt an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation to reclassify the outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a smaller number of shares of Common Stock at a ratio specified in or determined in accordance with the terms of such amendment. As used
herein, the term Adjournment Proposal means any proposal to adjourn any meeting of stockholders called for the purpose
of voting on Reverse Stock Split. 

3.2
Unless otherwise provided on any applicable proxy or ballot with respect to the voting on the Reverse Stock Split or Adjournment Proposal,
the vote of each share of Series B Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) entitled to vote on the Reverse Stock Split, the Adjournment
Proposal, or any other matter brought before any meeting of stockholders held to vote on the Reverse Stock Split or Adjournment Proposal
shall be cast in the same manner as the vote, if any, of the share of Common Stock (or fraction thereof) in respect of which such share
of Series B Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) was issued as a dividend is cast on the Reverse Stock Split, Adjournment Proposal,
or such other matter, as applicable, and the proxy or ballot with respect to shares of Common Stock held by any holder on whose behalf
such proxy or ballot is submitted will be deemed to include all shares of Series B Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) held by such
holder. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock will not receive a separate ballot or proxy to cast votes with respect to the Series B Preferred
Stock on the Reverse Stock Split or any other matter brought before any meeting of stockholders held to vote on the Reverse Stock Split. 

4.
 Rank; Liquidation . 

4.1
The Series B Preferred Stock shall rank senior to the Common Stock and junior to each other series or class of the Company s preferred
stock issued either before or after the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock, unless the terms of any such series shall provide otherwise,
as to any distribution of assets upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntarily or involuntarily
(a Dissolution ). For the avoidance of any doubt, but without limiting the foregoing, neither the merger or consolidation
of the Corporation with or into any other entity, nor the sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
Corporation s assets shall, in and of itself, be deemed to constitute a Dissolution. 

4.2
Upon any Dissolution, each holder of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of
the Corporation available for distribution to stockholders, prior and in preference to any distribution to the holders of Common Stock,
an amount in cash equal to 0.001 per outstanding share of Series 

 B
Preferred Stock. 

5.
 Redemption . 

5.1
All shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are not present in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders held to vote on the
Reverse Stock Split and the Adjournment Proposal as of immediately prior to the opening of the polls at such meeting (the Initial
Redemption Time shall automatically be redeemed by the Corporation at the Initial Redemption Time without further action
on the part of the Corporation or the holder thereof (the Initial Redemption ). 

5.2
Any outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock that have not been redeemed pursuant to an Initial Redemption shall be redeemed in
whole, but not in part, (i) if such redemption is ordered by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, automatically and effective
on such time and date specified by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion or (ii) automatically upon the effectiveness of the
amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation implementing the Reverse Stock Split (any such redemption pursuant to this Section 5.2,
the Subsequent Redemption and, together with the Initial Redemption, the Redemptions ). As used
herein, the Subsequent Redemption Time shall mean the effective time of the Subsequent Redemption, and the Redemption
Time shall mean (i) with respect to the Initial Redemption, the Initial Redemption Time and (ii) with respect to the Subsequent
Redemption, the Subsequent Redemption Time. 

5.3
Each share of Series B Preferred Stock redeemed in any Redemption pursuant to this Section 5 shall be redeemed in consideration for the
right to receive an amount equal to 0.01 in cash for each ten whole shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are beneficially
owned by the beneficial owner (as such terms are defined below) thereof as of immediately prior to the applicable
Redemption Time and redeemed pursuant to such Redemption, payable upon receipt by the Corporation of a written request submitted by the
applicable holder to the corporate secretary of the Corporation (each a Redemption Payment Request following
the applicable redemption time. Such Redemption Payment Request shall (i) be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Corporation (ii)
set forth in reasonable detail the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock beneficially owned by the holder at the applicable Redemption
Time and include evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation regarding the same, and (iii) set forth a calculation specifying
the amount in cash owed to such holder by the Corporation with respect to the shares of Series B Preferred Stock that were redeemed at
the applicable Redemption Time; provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, the redemption consideration in respect of the shares
of Series B Preferred Stock (or fractions thereof) redeemed in any Redemption pursuant to this Section 5: (x) shall entitle the former
beneficial owners of less than ten whole shares of Series B Preferred Stock redeemed in any Redemption to no cash payment in respect
thereof and (y) shall, in the case of a former beneficial owner of a number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock (or fractions thereof)
redeemed pursuant to any Redemption that is not equal to a whole number that is a multiple of ten, entitle such beneficial owner to the
same cash payment, if any, in respect of such Redemption as would have been payable in such Redemption to such beneficial owner if the
number of shares (or fractions thereof) beneficially owned by such beneficial owner and redeemed pursuant to such Redemption were rounded
down to the nearest whole number that is a multiple of ten (such, that for example, the former beneficial owner of 25 shares of Series
B Preferred Stock redeemed pursuant to any Redemption shall be entitled to receive the same cash payment in respect of such Redemption
as would have been payable to the former beneficial owner of 20 shares of Series B Preferred Stock redeemed pursuant to such Redemption).
As used herein, Person shall mean any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust
or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) to such entity. As used herein, a Person shall be deemed the
 beneficial owner of, and shall be deemed to beneficially own , any securities which such Person
is deemed to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, within the meaning of Rule l3d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

5.4
From and after the time at which any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are called for redemption (whether automatically or otherwise)
in accordance with Section 5.1 or Section 5.2, such shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall cease to be outstanding, and the only right
of the former holders of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock, as such, will be to receive the applicable redemption price, if any.
The shares of Series B Preferred Stock redeemed by the Corporation pursuant to this Certificate of Designation shall, upon such redemption,
be automatically retired and restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein or otherwise, and for the avoidance of doubt, any shares of Series B Preferred Stock (or fraction thereof) that have
been redeemed pursuant to an Initial Redemption shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of voting or determining the number
of votes entitled to vote on any matter submitted to stockholders (including the Reverse Stock Split or any other matter brought before
any meeting of stockholders held to vote on the Reverse Stock Split) from and after the time of the Initial Redemption. Notice of any
meeting of stockholders for the submission to stockholders of any proposal to approve the Reverse Stock Split shall constitute notice
of (i) a redemption of shares of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to an Initial Redemption and result in the automatic redemption of
the applicable shares of Series B Preferred Stock (and/or fractions thereof) pursuant to the Initial Redemption at the Initial Redemption
Time pursuant to Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) a redemption of shares of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to a Subsequent Redemption and
result in the automatic redemption of the applicable shares of Series B Preferred Stock (and/or fractions thereof) pursuant to the Subsequent
Redemption at the Subsequent Redemption Time pursuant to Section 5.2 hereof. In connection with the filing of this Certificate of Designation,
the Corporation has set apart funds for payment for the redemption of all shares of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Redemptions
and shall continue to keep such funds apart for such payment through the payment of the purchase price for the redemption of all such
shares. 

6.
 Transfer . Shares of Series B Preferred Stock will be uncertificated and represented in book-entry form. No shares of Series B
Preferred Stock may be transferred by the holder thereof except in connection with a transfer by such holder of any shares of Common
Stock held thereby, in which case a number of one one-thousandths (1/1,000ths) of a share of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the number
of shares of Common Stock to be transferred by such holder shall be automatically transferred to the transferee of such shares of Common
Stock. Notice of the foregoing restrictions on transfer shall be given in accordance with Section 151 of the DGCL. 

7.
 Fractional Shares . The Series B Preferred Stock may be issued in whole shares or in any fraction of a share that is one one-thousandth
(1/1,000th) of a share or any integral multiple of such fraction, which fractions shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such holder s
fractional shares, to exercise voting rights, participate in distributions upon a Dissolution and have the benefit of any other rights
of holders of Series B Preferred Stock. 

8.
 Severability . Whenever possible, each provision hereof shall be interpreted in a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision hereof is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, then such provision shall be ineffective
only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating or otherwise adversely affecting the remaining provisions
hereof. 

[ Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank ] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Lipocine Inc. has caused this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Preferred
Stock to be duly executed by the undersigned duly authorized officer as of this 10th day of March, 2023. 

LIPOCINE
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Mahesh V. Patel 

Mahesh
 V. Patel 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-3.6>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Lipocine
Operating Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors 

 Lipocine
Inc.: 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-250072, 333-190897, 333-240197, 333-226664, 333-214492,
333-197421 and 333-191695) on Forms S-3 and S-8 of Lipocine Inc. of our report dated March X, 2023 with respect to the consolidated balance
sheets of Lipocine Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss,
changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated
financial statements ), which report appears in the December 31, 2022 annual report on Form 10-K of Lipocine Inc. 

/s/
Tanner LLC 

 Salt
Lake City, Utah 

 March
10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS

I,
Mahesh V. Patel, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of
 Lipocine Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
 any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and
 I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
 in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
 or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 10, 2023 
 /s/
 Mahesh V. Patel 

Mahesh V. Patel, President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS

I,
Mahesh V. Patel, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of
 Lipocine Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
 any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and
 I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
 in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
 or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 10, 2023 
 /s/
 Mahesh V. Patel 

Mahesh
 V. Patel 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lipocine Inc. (the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Mahesh V. Patel,
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, hereby certifies, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Corporation. 

Dated:
 March 10, 2023 
 /s/
 Mahesh V. Patel 

Mahesh
 V. Patel, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lipocine Inc. (the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Mahesh V. Patel,
Principal Financial Officer of the Corporation, hereby certifies, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Corporation. 

Dated:
 March 10, 2023 
 /s/
 Mahesh V. Patel 

Mahesh
 V. Patel 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 lpcn-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 lpcn-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 lpcn-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 lpcn-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

