<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1907730_0001829126-23-001967.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3523435</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>177234</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>659167</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>968998</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>733120</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>906547</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-001967.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310162744
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-001967
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Yotta Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001907730
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - LIVESTOCK & ANIMAL SPECIALTIES [0200]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41357
		FILM NUMBER:		23724058

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1185 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 612-1400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1185 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 301
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-001967.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 yottaacq_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No

At
June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 

As
of March 10, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued
and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

YOTTA
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Page 
 
 PART I 

1 
 
 Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 10 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 10 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 10 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 10 

PART II 

11 
 
 Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 11 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 11 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 12 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 16 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 16 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 
 16 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 16 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 17 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 17 

PART III 

18 
 
 Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 18 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 24 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 24 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 26 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 27 

PART IV 

28 
 
 Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 28 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 30 

i 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in
this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In
addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predict, project, should, would 
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability
 to complete our initial business combination; 

success
 in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers
 and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination; 

potential
 ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool
 of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential
 change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the
 potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

use
 of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial
 performance following our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
laws. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM 1.
BUSINESS 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, 
 us, and our refer to Yotta Acquisition Corporation. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this report
as our initial business combination. Our efforts to identify a target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic
region, although we intend to focus on high technology, blockchain, software and hardware, ecommerce, social media and other general
business industries globally. 

On April 22, 2022, we consummated our initial
public offering (the IPO of 10,000,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of common stock,
 0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock ), and one redeemable warrant (the Warrant entitling the holder
thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, and one right Right to receive
one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering
price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 100,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private
sale (the Private Placement of 313,500 units (the Private Units to Yotta Investment LLC (the Sponsor ).
The Private Shares are identical to the Units sold in the IPO except with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions.
The holders of the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote their insider shares, private shares underlying the Private Units (the Private
Shares and any public shares acquired by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor
of, an amendment to our certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 9 months (or up to 15 months, if we extend the time to complete
a business combination as described in this report) from the closing of the IPO, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, (C) not to redeem any shares (including
the private shares) to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve our proposed initial business
combination (or sell any shares they hold to us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination) or a vote
to amend the provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 9 months (or up to 15 months, if we extend the time to complete
a business combination as described in this report) from the closing of the IPO, and (D) that the private shares shall not be entitled
to be redeemed for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account if a business combination is not consummated. 

In
connection with the IPO, the underwriters were granted an option to purchase up to 1,150,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any (the Over-allotment Option ). On April 25, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised the Over-allotment Option,
and April 27, 2022, the underwriters purchased 1,150,000 Units (the Option Units generating gross proceeds of 11,500,000.
Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units, the Company completed the Private Placement sale of 30,000 Private Units
at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit (the Additional Private Units ), generating total proceeds of 300,000 (the Private
Placement Proceeds ). 

As
a result, a total of 115,000,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO (including the Over-allotment Option) and the
Private Units (including the Option Units) were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders
maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, acting as trustee. None of the funds held in trust will be released
from the trust account, other than interest income to pay any tax obligations, until the earlier of the completion of an initial business
combination within the required time period or our entry into liquidation if we have not completed a business combination in the required
time period. On June 27, 2022, our common stock, warrants and rights underlying the Units sold in our IPO began to trade separately
on a voluntary basis. 

1 

Business
Combination Agreement 

On October 24, 2022, the Company entered
into a Merger Agreement (the Agreement by and among NaturalShrimp Incorporated, a Nevada corporation (the Target ),
the Company, and Yotta Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant
to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Target (the Business Combination with the Target as the surviving corporation
of the Business Combination and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company
will change its name to NaturalShrimp, Incorporated or such other name designated by the Target by notice to the Company.
At the closing of the Business Combination, the Company will issue 17.5 million shares of Common Stock, to the former security holders
of the Target. Following the closing of the Business Combination, the former securityholders of the Target will be entitled to receive
up to 10,000,000 additional shares of Common Stock if, following the closing of the Business Combination, the Target meets or exceeds
either of two annual revenue thresholds for each of the fiscal years ending on March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025. After the
closing of the Business Combination, if the Company meets or exceeds 15,000,000 in revenue (per its audited financial statements) for
the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024, then the Company will issue 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock to the former securityholders
of the Target. If the Company meets or exceeds 30,000,000 in revenue (per its audited financial statements) for the fiscal year ending
March 31, 2025, then the Company will issue 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock to the former securityholders of the Target. 

In
the event the Company or the Target validly terminates the Agreement because of a default by the other, a breakup fee of 3.0 million
will be due to the terminating party. 

Extensions
of Time Period to Complete a Business Combination and Outstanding Promissory Notes 

On January 20, 2023, the Company issued an
unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 575,000 to our Sponsor in exchange for its depositing such amount
into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination from
January 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Target paid one-half of the extension fee while
the Company paid the other half. 

On February 5, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 250,000 to our Sponsor in exchange for its depositing such amount into the Company s
operating account in order to meet the working capital needs of the company. The note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing
of a business combination by the Company. 

Initial
Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any substantive commercial business until we complete a business combination. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds
of the IPO and the private placement of Private Units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these in effecting our initial business
combination. 

2 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 

Subject
to our management team s fiduciary duties and the limitation that one or more target businesses have an aggregate fair market value
of at least 80 of the value of the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and taxes payable on the income earned
on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below
in more detail, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business.
Additionally, there is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business
combination. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stage of development
or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the
business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. The valuation of a financially
unstable company or early stage company can be more complicated than the calculation of a mature, stable company, and any valuation we
make on such a company would be based, in part, on its prospects and how successful we believe the business will be once the company
matures or is stabilized. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may
not properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

Fair
Market Value of Target Business 

Pursuant
to Nasdaq listing rules, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market
value equal to at least 80 of the value of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and taxes payable
on the income earned on the trust account), which we refer to as the 80 test, at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement
for our initial business combination, although we may structure a business combination with one or more target businesses whose fair
market value significantly exceeds 80 of the trust account balance. If we are no longer listed on Nasdaq, we will not be required to
satisfy the 80 test. 

6 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after consummation of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack
of diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the
 particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

result
 in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited
 number of products, processes or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target Business Management Team 

Although we scrutinized the management team of
our target business, our assessment of the target business management team may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future
management team may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role
of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following our initial business combination remains to be determined. While
it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following our
initial business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business
combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination if
they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take
place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of
cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination.
While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business,
their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor
in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, our officers and directors
may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following
our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We may not have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and will continue to encounter intense competition from other entities
having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds,
and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant experience identifying
and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical,
human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, the requirement that
we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (excluding
any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination, and our obligation to pay cash in connection with
our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

8 

Facilities 

We
currently maintain our principal executive offices at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 301, New York, NY 10036. The cost for this space
is 10,000 per month, which will be paid to Yotta Investment LLC. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office
space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We have two executive officers. They are not
obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our
affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the
business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. We presently expect our executive officers
to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week
to a majority of their time). We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

Periodic
Reporting and Audited Financial Statements 

We
have registered our units, common stock, warrants and rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual
report will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials
or tender offer documents sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need
to be prepared in accordance with or reconciled to United States GAAP or IFRS as issued by the IASB. A particular target business identified
by us as a potential business combination candidate may not have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement
cannot be met, we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination with the proposed target business. 

We
will be required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to have our internal control over financial reporting audited for the fiscal year ending December 31,
2022. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of their internal
control over financial reporting. The development of the internal control over financial reporting of any such entity to achieve compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such initial business combination. 

We
are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act and will remain such for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible
debt issued within a three-year period or our total revenues exceed 1.07 billion or the market value of our shares of common stock that
are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease
to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we have elected, under Section 107(b)
of the JOBS Act, to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. 

Potential
Conflicts 

Members
of our management team who directly or indirectly own our securities may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular
target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and
directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation
of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business
combination. 

9 

Our
officers and directors have agreed to present to us all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of
the assets held in the trust account, subject to any fiduciary or contractual obligations they may have. As more fully discussed in Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of an initial business combination opportunity that might be attractive to any entity to which he has fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he may be required to present such initial business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such initial business
combination opportunity to us. For more information on the relevant pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our management
team, see the section titled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest . 

Legal
Proceedings 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team
in their capacity as such. 

ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES 

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. We maintain our principal executive offices
at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 301, New York, NY. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise
available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal
proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

10 

PART
II 

ITEM 5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
Units began to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol YOTAU on April 20, 2022. The common
stock, warrants, and rights comprising the Units began separate trading on Nasdaq on June 27, 2022, under the symbols YOTA, 
 YOTAW, and YOTAR respectively. 

Holders
of Record 

As of December 31, 2022, there were six holders
of record of our common stock, two holders of record of our units, one holder of record of our separately traded warrants, and one holder
of record of our separately traded rights. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of Common Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends
subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention
of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors
does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to
declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
April 22, 2022, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we sold an aggregate of 313,500 Private Units in a private placement
with the Sponsor, at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 3,135,000. The Private Units are identical to
the units sold in the IPO, except that (a) the Private Units and underlying securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable
until the consummation of our initial business combination, except to permitted transferees, and (b) the private warrants, so long as
they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may be exercised by the
holders on a cashless basis, and (iii) will be entitled to registration rights. 

On
April 27, 2022, simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of an additional
aggregate of 30,000 Private Units in a private placement to the Sponsor, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross
proceeds of 300,000. The Private Units were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act. 

A
total of 115,000,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of the Units in the IPO and the private placement of the Private Units on April 22,
2022 and April 27, 2022 were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders
at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6.
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

11 

ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited
financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on March 8, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more
target businesses, which we refer to herein as our initial business combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective
target business are not limited to any particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on target businesses in
and around the high technology, blockchain and other general business industries globally. We intend to utilize cash derived from the
proceeds of our initial public offering IPO and the private placement of Private Units, our securities, debt or a combination
of cash, securities and debt, in effecting our initial business combination. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
a business combination will be successful. 

On October 24, 2022, the Company, NaturalShrimp
Incorporated, a Nevada corporation (the Target ), and Yotta Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Merger Agreement (the Agreement ), pursuant to which Merger Sub
will merge with and into the Target (the Business Combination with the Target as the surviving corporation of the Business
Combination and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously (i) approved
and declared advisable the Agreement, the Business Combination and the other transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend
approval of the Agreement and related matters by the stockholders of the Company. At the closing of the Business Combination, the Company
will issue 17.5 million shares of common stock, to the former security holders of the Target. In the event the Company or the Target validly
terminates the Agreement because of a default by the other, a breakup fee of 3.0 million will be due to the terminating party. 

The proposed business combination is subject to
the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4 that the Company
is required to file with the SEC, required Nasdaq approval, and the approval of the proposed Transaction and the Agreement by a majority
of the stockholders of the Company and the Target. 

On January 20, 2023, the Company issued an
unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 575,000 to the Sponsor in exchange for its depositing such amount into
the Company s trust account in order to extend the time for the Company to complete the Business Combination from January 22,
2023 to April 22, 2023. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Target paid one-half of the extension fee while the Company paid
the other half. 

On January 20, 2023, the Company deposited 1,150,000
into the Trust Account (representing 0.10 per each share of redeemable common stock) to extend the time to complete the Business Combination
by three months until April 22, 2023. 

On February 5, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory
note in the aggregate principal amount of 250,000 to our Sponsor in exchange for its depositing such amount into the Company s
operating account in order to meet the working capital needs of the company. The note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing
of a business combination by the Company. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31,
2022 were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare, and consummate, for the IPO and an initial Business Combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. 

12 

We
expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the IPO. We expect that we
will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance),
as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 145,189,
which consisted of loss of approximately 1,196,341 derived from general and administrative expenses of approximately 1,020,741, franchise
tax expense of 175,600, offset by interest earned on marketable securities of approximately 1,651,461; income tax expense was 309,931
for the year. 

For
the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 11,769, which was derived from general
and administrative expenses of 1,189 and franchise tax expense of 10,580. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

On
April 22, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of 10,000,000 units (which does not include the exercise of the over-allotment option
by the underwriters in the IPO) at an offering price of 10.00 per unit (the Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of
 100,000,000. Simultaneously with the IPO, the Company sold to its Sponsor 313,500 units at 10.00 per unit (the Private Units in a private placement generating total gross proceeds of 3,135,000. The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO, except
that the private warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be
held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

We
granted the underwriters in the IPO a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On
April 27, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 1,500,000 Units (the Over-Allotment
Units ), at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 15,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment
Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional aggregate of 30,000 Private Units with the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per
Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 300,000. 

Following
the IPO and the private placement (including the Over-Allotment Units and the Over-Allotment Private Units), a total of 115,000,000
was placed in a trust account located in the United States established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders (the
 Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as a trustee and will be invested only in U.S.
government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 116,651,461. Interest income on the balance in
the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust
Account to pay our taxes. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business and
to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a Business
Combination, the remaining funds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business.
Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations,
for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to
repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our Business Combination if the
funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 235,864 outside the Trust
Account and a working capital deficit of 301,331(excluding income tax and franchise tax payable). On February 5, 2023, we issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 250,000 to our sponsor in order to meet our working capital needs. The note does
not bear interest and matures upon the closing of a business combination by the Company. As result of depositing 1,150,000 into the Trust
Account on January 20, 2022, the Company has 12 months (or up to 15 months if the time to complete a business combination is extended)
from the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination
by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

13 

The
Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur
significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company may need to obtain additional financing
either to complete its Business Combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation
of its Business Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business
Combination. In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (by April 22,
2023), the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the
Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination
Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional condition also raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We
do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to
as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have
not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or purchased any non- financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

We entered into an administrative services agreement
dated April 19, 2022, commencing on April 19, 2022 through the earlier of our consummation of a Business Combination and our liquidation,
to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support. However, pursuant
to the terms of such agreement, the Sponsor agreed to defer the payment of such monthly fee. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without
interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of initial Business Combination. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

Upon closing of the IPO, the underwriters were
paid a cash underwriting discount of 2.0 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 2,300,000. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled
to a deferred fee of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 4,025,000 which will be paid from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Right
of First Refusal 

We
granted Chardan for a period of 18 months after the date of the consummation of the Company s Business Combination, a right of
first refusal to act as book-running manager, with at least 30 of the economics, or, in the case of a three-handed deal
20 of the economics, for any and all future public and private equity and debt offerings 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported.
Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

14 

Common
Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our common stock subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability
instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights
that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our
control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common
stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future
events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the
stockholders equity section of our condensed balance sheets. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur
and adjust the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases
or decreases in the carrying amount of shares of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or
accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

Warrants 

We
account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific
terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC
815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition
of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including
whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own common shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net
cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This
assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly
period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification,
the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. We determined
that upon further review of the proposed form of warrant agreement, management concluded that the Public Warrants and Private Warrants
to be issued pursuant to the warrant agreement qualify for equity accounting treatment. 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Share 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income (loss) per common share is computed
by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. As the Public Shares
are considered to be redeemable at fair value, and a redemption at fair value does not amount to a distribution different than other
stockholders, redeemable and non-redeemable common stock are presented as one class of stock in calculating net income (loss) per share.
The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the IPO and private placement to purchase an aggregate of 11,843,500
shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of
future events. We then allocated the net income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the
redeemable and non-redeemable shares. 

Offering
Costs 

We
comply with the requirements of ASC 340 10 S99 1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A Expenses of Offering .
Offering costs were consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date
that are directly related to the IPO and were charged to stockholders equity upon the completion of the IPO. We allocate offering
costs between public shares and public rights based on the relative fair values of public shares and public rights. 

15 

Recent
accounting pronouncements 

In
August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates
the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies
the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard
also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s
own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for
all convertible instruments. The amendments are effective for smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would
have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a
material effect on the Company s financial statement. 

ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act, our management carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. They concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of material weaknesses in our control
environment which resulted in inadequate oversight over the accounting for professional fees, income taxes and franchise taxes. 

We
identified deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which
could adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize, and report interim financial data. We have
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as follows. 

a. We lack sufficient segregation
of duties with respect to our record keeping, asset custody and authorization controls. 

b. We lack controls to prevent
unauthorized access to our general ledger including the ability to record journal entries including the ability to record and/or modify
journal entries. 

c. The design of our controls
over the approval of related party transactions is ineffective including requirements to provide contemporaneous documentation of the
business purpose and validity of travel expenses. 

d. Our controls over the preparation
of expense accruals including our ability differentiating between contractual and contingent liabilities and to detect errors in expense
accruals through our financial close process are ineffective 

e. We have ineffective oversight on the part of our
audit committee. 

A material weakness, as defined in the SEC regulations, is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In light of this material weakness, we performed
additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. 

Management plans to remediate the material weakness
by enhancing our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements and increased communication among our
personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can
only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

16 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial
reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules
of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Except
for the remediation measures in connection with the material weakness described above, there were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C.
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

17 

PART
III 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this annual report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Hui
 Chen 
 
 51 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Robert
 L. Labbe 
 
 63 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Brandon
 Miller 
 
 60 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Daniel
 M. McCabe 
 
 73 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Michael
 Lazar 
 
 39 
 
 Independent
 Director 

Hui
Chen has been our Chief Executive Officer and director since December 2021. Mr. Chen is a cross-industry expert in computer
science and law. Mr. Chen founded Law Offices of Hui Chen Associates, PC in 2012, a New York-based law firm. Mr. Chen focuses his
practice on patent prosecution, copyright infringement, and other general intellectual property matters. Mr. Chen has also been an adjunct
professor at Hofstra University since September 2019, where he instructs multiple undergraduate computer science programming courses
in Visual C++. Before joining Hofstra University, Mr. Chen was an adjunct associate professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice,
Pace University, Touro College, and Saint Francis College between 2000 and 2018 and was a full-time professor at Technical Career of
Institute, College of Technology from December 2011 to December 2017. Before forming his law office in 2012, Mr. Chen worked
for multiple Fortune 500 companies. Mr. Chen worked as an Oracle developer at eBay, Inc. from February 2008 to May 2015. Mr.
Chen worked at IBM Global Services, where he was a solo back-end developer in designing and building the database and back-end process
for DHS Inspection Application, from November 2007 to March 2008, and a programmer analyst between March 1998 and May 2004.
Mr. Chen also worked at MultiPlan Inc. between June 2005 and February 2008 as a technical lead where he participated in designing
new application systems and partnered with external vendors in coding and implementing new systems by using Java and Oracle PL/SQL. Before
that, Mr. Chen worked at Pepsi Cola Inc. from January 2004 to June 2005, where he designed, coded, implemented, and documented
a growth forecasting system and developed an automatic purchasing system. Mr. Chen received a Bachelor s degree in Mechanical Engineering
from Shanghai Jiaotong University in 1992, a Bachelor s degree in HVAC from Technical Career Institutes in 1997, a Master of Science
degree in Computer Science from Pace University in 2000, and his J.D. degree from Cardozo School of Law, Yeshiva University in 2010.
We believe that Mr. Chen s access to contacts and sources, ranging from high-technology companies and legal contacts, will allow
us to generate acquisition opportunities and identify suitable acquisition candidates. 

Robert
L. Labbe has been our Chief Financial Officer and director since December 2021. Mr. Labbe is a real estate veteran and real
estate finance attorney licensed in California and New York with over thirty (30) years of experience in real estate. Mr. Labbe also
has been a manager of MCAP Realty Advisors, LLC, a real estate advisor company, since January 2010. Mr. Labbe has been the general
counsel of Global Premier Development Inc. and Global Premier America, LLC, real estate development companies, from March 2012 to
December 2021. Mr. Labbe was a co-founder, general counsel, and managing director of Lenders Direct Capital, a wholesale lender,
and its retail affiliate Lenders Republic Financial, a nationwide mortgage banker, from May 2003 to December 2007. Mr. Labbe
was also a co-founder and partner at Mazda Butler LLP, a commercial and real estate law firm in California, from January 2003 to
December 2007. Mr. Labbe co-founded First Allegiance Financial, a national specialty finance company, where he was the president
and chairman from September 1996 to December 1998. First Allegiance Financial was acquired by City Holding Company, a financial
holding company, for approximately 22 million in 1997. Mr. Labbe received his Bachelor s degree in Civil Law (B.C.L.) and Bachelor
of Laws degree (LL.B.) from McGill University in 1982 and 1983, respectively. Mr. Labbe also received his Diplome d Etude Collegiale
St. Lawrence College (Quebec) in 1978. Mr. Labbe is a licensed broker with the California Department of Real Estate since 1990. Mr. Labbe
also holds the UC Irvine Extension Light Construction and Development Management Program Certificate. We believe that Mr. Labbe is qualified
to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his entrepreneurship and extensive experience in the real estate industry. 

18 

Brandon Miller has been an independent
director of our board since April 2023. Mr. Miller has been the managing partner at Aspect Property Management LLC, a property management
company in Connecticut, since January 2015. Before joining Aspect Property Management LLC, Mr. Miller spent a decade in the consulting
industry at Matt Company, a private and public sector consulting company from January 2005 to January 2015, where
he offered executive recruiting, strategic planning, leadership, and corporate consulting services. Mr. Miller was a corporate controller
at Corporate Dining Solutions, a corporate catering company, from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Miller is presently a certified manager of community
associations (CMCA) and an association management specialist (AMS). Mr. Miller received his Bachelor s degree in Finance from the
University of Bridgeport in 1986 and studied in Mechanical Engineering at North Carolina State University from 1980 to 1983. We believe
that Mr. Miller is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive experience in the real estate and business
consulting industries. 

Daniel M. McCabe has been an independent
director of our board since April 2023. Mr. McCabe has been the managing partner of 1200 Summer Street Associates, a partnership focusing
on real estate investment and management, since 1985. Mr. McCabe also has been the founding member of Daniel M. McCabe, LLC, a general
practice law firm in Connecticut, since 1982. Prior to that, Mr. McCabe joined the law firm of Brennan, Dichter Brennan in 1976
as an associate and became a partner in 1982. Mr. McCabe started his legal career as an assistant clerk of the Superior Court at Stamford
from 1974 to 1976. Mr. McCabe obtained his Bachelor s degree in Economics from University of Bridgeport in 1971 and Juris Doctor
degree from St. John s University Law School in 1974. We believe that Mr. McCabe is qualified to serve as a member of our board
of directors due to his legal experience, contacts, and relationships. 

Michael Lazar has been an independent director
of our board since April 2023. Mr. Lazar has over 14 years of experience in guiding corporate issuers with the filing of their regulatory
filings with the SEC. Mr. Lazar founded Empire Filings, a full-service financial printer, in October 2020, and has been the chief
executive officer of the company since then. Mr. Lazar acted as the chief executive officer of Adorbs, Inc., an organic apparel company
quoted on the OTC market, from April 2019 to October 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Lazar worked at S2 Filings, a full-service financial
printer, from August 2016 to October 2020. Mr. Lazar started his career in the financial printer industry at Vintage Filings,
a full-service financial printer and a division of PR Newswire, from August 2006 to August 2016. Mr. Lazar obtained his Bachelor s
degree in Economics from Brooklyn College in 2004. We believe that Mr. Lazar is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors
due to his experience in business management. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
requires that a majority of our board must be composed of independent directors. Currently, Brandon Miller, Daniel M. McCabe,
and Michael Lazar would each be considered an independent director under the Nasdaq listing rules, which is defined generally
as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which,
in the opinion of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in
carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

We
will only enter into a business combination if it is approved by a majority of our independent directors. Additionally, we will only
enter into transactions with our officers and directors and their respective affiliates that are on terms no less favorable to us than
could be obtained from independent parties. Any related-party transactions must also be approved by our audit committee and a majority
of disinterested independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

Under
the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee all of whom must
be independent. We have established an audit committee of the board of directors, which consists of Brandon Miller, Daniel M. McCabe,
and Michael Lazar, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Brandon Miller is the Chairperson
of the audit committee. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not
limited to: 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board
 whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

19 

discussing
 with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation
 of our financial statements; 

discussing
 with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
 for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the
 services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and
 the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
 or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving
 reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

Financial
Experts on Audit Committee 

The
audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate 
as defined under the Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to
read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In
addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience
in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results
in the individual s financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Brandon Miller qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Nominating
Committee 

We
have established a nominating committee of the board of directors, which consists of Brandon Miller, Daniel M. McCabe, and Michael Lazar,
each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Michael Lazar is the Chairperson of the nominating committee.
The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The
nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. 

20 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

The
guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should
 have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
 possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring
 a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should
 have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders 

The
nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require
certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating
committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors, which consists of Brandon Miller, Daniel M. McCabe, and Michael
Lazar, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Daniel M. McCabe is the Chairperson of the compensation
committee. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not
limited to: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer s
 compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives
 and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer based on such
 evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers
 and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

21 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the
business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Investors
should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
 in allocating their time among various business activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities
 which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our officers
 and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
 officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business
 activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company. 

Unless
 we consummate our initial business combination, our officers, directors and insiders will not receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket
 expenses incurred by them to the extent that such expenses exceed the amount of available proceeds not deposited in the trust account
 and the amount of interest income from the trust account that may be released to us as working capital. 

The
 insider shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if our initial business combination
 is successfully completed. Additionally, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time frame,
 our officers and directors will not be entitled to receive any amounts held in the trust account with respect to any of their insider
 shares or private units. Furthermore, our insiders (and/or their designees) have agreed that the private units will not be sold or
 transferred by them until after we have completed our initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, our board may have
 a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effect our initial
 business combination. 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the
 corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
 opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
 would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business
affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the
above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity
will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict
with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have. In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise
from multiple affiliations, our officers and directors (other than our independent directors) have agreed to present to us for our consideration,
prior to presentation to any other person or entity, any suitable opportunity to acquire a target business, until the earlier of: (1)
our consummation of an initial business combination and (2) 12 months (or up to 15 months, as applicable) from the closing of IPO. This
agreement is, however, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations such officer or director may from time to time
have to another entity. Accordingly, if any of them becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity
to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We
do not believe, however, that the pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers and directors will materially
undermine our ability to complete our business combination because in most cases the affiliated companies are closely held entities controlled
by the officer or director or the nature of the affiliated company s business is such that it is unlikely that a conflict will arise. 

22 

The
following table summarizes the current pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors: 

Name
 of Individual 
 
 Name
 of Affiliated Company 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Hui
 Chen 
 
 Law
 Offices of Hui Chen Associates, PC 
 
 Law
 Firm 
 
 Partner 

Hofstra
 University 
 
 Education 
 
 Adjunct
 Professor 
 
 Robert
 L. Labbe 
 
 MCAP
 Realty Advisors, LLC 
 
 Real
 Estate Advisory Services 

Brandon
 Miller 
 
 Aspect
 Property Management LLC 
 
 Real
 Estate 
 
 Partner 
 
 Daniel
 M. McCabe 
 
 Daniel
 M. McCabe, LLC 
 
 Law
 Firm 
 
 Partner 

1200
 Summer Street Association 
 
 Real
 Estate 
 
 Managing
 Partner 
 
 Michael
 Lazar 
 
 Empire
 Filings 
 
 Financial
 Printer 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Our
insiders have agreed to vote any shares of common stock held by them in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, they
have agreed to waive their respective rights to receive any amounts held in the trust account with respect to their insider shares and
private shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time frame. If they purchase shares
of common stock in the IPO or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to receive their pro rata share of the amounts held
in the trust account if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time frame, but have agreed not
to redeem such shares in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. 

All
ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval
by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not
have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We
will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors
determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such
a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our officers, directors or insiders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that
the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority
of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will our insiders or any of the
members of our management team be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that
it is). 

Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially
own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports
of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of Common Stock and other equity securities. These executive officers,
directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based solely on our review of such forms furnished
to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that, during 2022, our directors, executive officers, and
ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

23 

ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us, except that officers and directors have
subscribed an aggregate of 16,666 shares of common stock before the IPO. Other than as set forth elsewhere in this report, no compensation
of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our founders or any of their respective affiliates, for services
rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination although we may consider cash or other compensation
to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to the IPO to be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial business combination.
In addition, our officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our founders or their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to
be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

Following
a business combination, to the extent we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management
team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers
will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of
more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, (ii) each of our officers and directors, and (iii) all of our officers and
directors as a group as of March 7, 2023. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following
table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants or conversion of rights,
as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 7, 2023 and the rights are not convertible within 60 days of March 7, 2023. 

24 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and 
Nature of 
Beneficial 
Ownership 
 Approximate 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Common Stock 
 
 Hui Chen (2) 
 3,201,833 
 21.75 
 
 Robert Labbe 
 6,667 

Brandon Miller 
 3,333 

Michael Lazar 
 3,333 

Daniel McCabe 
 3,333 

All current directors and executive officers as a group (five individuals) 
 3,218,499 
 21.87 
 
 Five Percent Holders of Yotta 

Yotta Investment LLC (2) 
 3,201,833 
 21.75 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (3) 
 1,375,139 
 9.34 
 
 MMCAP International Inc. SPC (4) 
 925,000 
 6.28 
 
 Boothbay Fund Management, LLC (5) 
 925,000 
 6.28 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (6) 
 900,012 
 6.11 
 
 ATW SPAC MANAGEMENT LLC (7) 
 925,000 
 6.28 

less
 than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Yotta Acquisition Corporation, 1185 Avenue of the Americas,
 Suite 301, New York, NY 10036. 
 
 (2) 
 Yotta Investment LLC, a
 Delaware limited liability company, our sponsor, is controlled by Ms. Chen Chen, who is the wife of Mr. Hui Chen, our CEO and director. 
 
 (3) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G
 filed by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada, which serves as the investment
 advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company PMSMF with respect to the shares directly
 held by PMSMF. The address of the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 
 
 (4) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G
 filed by the reporting persons. The Schedule 13G was jointly filed by MMCAP International Inc. SPC and MM Asset Management Inc.
 The address of MMCAP International Inc. SPC is c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, P.O.
 Box 1348 Grand Cayman, KY1-1108, Cayman Islands. The address of MM Asset Management Inc. is 161 Bay Street TD Canada Trust Tower
 Ste 2240, Toronto, ON M5J 2S1 Canada. 
 
 (5) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G
 filed by the reporting persons. The shares are held by one or more private funds (the Funds ), which are managed by
 Boothbay Fund Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ). Ari Glass is the Managing Member
 of the Adviser. Certain subadvisors Subadvisors have been delegated the authority to act on behalf of the Funds,
 including exclusive authority to vote and/or direct the disposition of certain Shares held by the Fund, and such Shares may be reported
 in regulatory filings made by such Subadvisors. The address of the reporting persons is 140 East 45th Street, 14th Floor, New York,
 NY 10017. 
 
 (6) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G
 filed by the reporting persons. Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ), Saba Capital
 Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP ), and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein (together, the Reporting
 Persons ). The Reporting Persons have entered into a Joint Filing Agreement, dated April 29, 2022. The address of
 the business office of each of the Reporting Persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 
 
 (7) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G
 filed by the reporting persons. The shares are held by one or more private funds managed by ATW SPAC Management LLC, a Delaware limited
 liability company (the ATW Adviser ), which has been delegated exclusive authority to vote and/or direct the disposition
 of such shares held by sub-accounts of one or more pooled investment vehicles managed by a Delaware limited liability company. Antonio
 Ruiz-Gimenez and Kerry Propper are managing members of the ATW Adviser. The address of the business office of is 17 State Street,
 Suite 2100, New York, NY, 10004. 

All
of the insider shares issued and outstanding prior to the IPO were placed in escrow with Continental, as escrow agent. Subject to certain
limited exceptions, 50 of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of six months
after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our common stock equals
or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the consummation of our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of
the insider shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we complete a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of common stock for cash, securities or other property. The limited exceptions referred to above include (1) transfers among the insiders,
to our officers, directors, advisors and employees, (2) transfers to an insider s affiliates or its members upon its liquidation,
(3) transfers to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (4) transfers by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon
death, (5) transfers pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (6) private sales made at prices no greater than the price at
which the securities were originally purchased or (7) transfers to us for cancellation in connection with the consummation of an initial
business combination, in each case (except for clause 7) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and forfeiture,
as the case may be, as well as the other applicable restrictions and agreements of the holders of the insider shares. 

25 

ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Insider
Shares 

On
December 28, 2021, the Company issued 2,875,000 shares of common stock to the Initial Stockholders (the Insider Shares for an aggregated consideration of 25,000. On March 7, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered 1,150,000 shares of common stock without any
consideration. On April 5, 2022, the Sponsor declared a dividend, payable in shares of common stock, of two-thirds of one share
of common stock for each share of common stock issued and outstanding. 

The
Initial Stockholders have agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Insider Shares
until, with respect to 50 of the Insider Shares, the earlier of six months after the consummation of a business combination and the
date on which the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing after a business combination
and, with respect to the remaining 50 of the Insider Shares, until the six months after the consummation of a Business Combination,
or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to a business combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or
other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common
stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

The
Company entered into an agreement, commencing on April 19, 2022 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a business
combination and its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative
support. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, the Sponsor agreed to defer the payment of such monthly fee. Any such unpaid
amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of initial business combination. 

Other 

Mr. Michael Lazar is an independent director of
the board and also is the Chief Executive Officer of Empire Filings, LLC, which is engaged by the Company to provide print and filing
services. The Company paid 18,050 and 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 8, 2021(inception)
through December 31, 2021, respectively, and will pay 1,000 per quarter for ongoing compliance filings. 

On January 20, 2023, the Company issued an
unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 575,000 to our Sponsor in exchange for its depositing such amount into
the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination from January 22,
2023 to April 22, 2023. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Target paid one-half of the extension fee while the Company paid
the other half. 

On February 5, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note
in the aggregate principal amount of 250,000 to our Sponsor in exchange for its depositing such amount into the Company s operating
account in order to meet the working capital needs of the company. The note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of a business
combination by the Company. 

Related
Party Policy 

Our
Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts
of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined
as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or
any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater
than 5 beneficial owner of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and
(b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial
owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult
to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family,
receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

We
also require each of our directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that
elicits information about related party transactions. 

26 

Our
audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent
we enter into such transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective
affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions
will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members
of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent
legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent 
directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect
to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete
a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize potential conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated
with any of our insiders unless we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair
to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors
or insiders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior
to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. 

ITEM 14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Public
Accounting Fees 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Marcum LLP, has acted as our principal independent registered public accounting firm. The following
is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services
that are normally provided by Marcum LLP in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum LLP for professional services
rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective
periods and other required filings with the SEC for the period from March 8, 2021 (date of inception) to December 31, 2021
totaled approximately 0 and 139,235 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit
fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During
the period from March 8, 2021 to December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay Marcum LLP
any audit-related fees. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Marcum LLP for tax return services, planning and tax advice for the period March 8, 2021 to December 31,
2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum LLP for any other services for the period from March 8, 2021 to December 31, 2021
and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing
services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since
the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of
the audit). 

27 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15.
EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Financial Statements: 

(1) 
 The
 financial statements required to be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included in Item 8 therein. 

(2) 
 All
 supplemental schedules have been omitted since the information is either included in the financial statements or the notes thereto
 or they are not required or are not applicable. 

(3) See
attached Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Page 
 
 Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance
Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

28 

(b)
Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 19, 2022, by and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement, dated October 24, 2022 by and among Yotta Acquisition Corporation, NaturalShrimp, Inc., and Yotta Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 25, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 11, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 11, 2022) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 11, 2022) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 11, 2022) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated April 19, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated April 19, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements by each of the Company s officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Letter Agreements by Yotta Investment LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated April 19, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated April 19, 2022, by and among the Company, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial stockholders of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 19, 2022, by and among the Company, the initial stockholders of the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated April 19, 2022, by and between the Company and Yotta Investment LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement by and between the Company and each of the directors and officers of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated April 19, 2022, by and between the Company and Yotta Investment LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 22, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Yotta Acquisition Corporation Stockholder Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 25, 2022) 

29 

10.10 
 
 NaturalShrimp Incorporated Stockholder Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 25, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 NaturalShrimp Incorporated Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 25, 2022) 

10.12 
 
 Promissory Note issued to Yotta Investment LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 26, 2023) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Promissory Note issued to Yotta Investment LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 14, 2023) 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 11, 2022) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.,
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 11, 2022) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 11, 2022) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 11, 2022) 

ITEM 16.
FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

30 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

YOTTA
 ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Dated:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Hui Chen 

Name: 
 Hui
 Chen 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

YOTTA
 ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Dated:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert L. Labbe 

Name: 
 Robert
 L. Labbe 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Hui Chen 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) and Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Hui
 Chen 

/s/
 Robert L. Labbe 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Robert
 L. Labbe 

/s/
 Brandon Miller 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Brandon
 Miller 

/s/
 Daniel M. McCabe 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Daniel
 M. McCabe 

/s/
 Michael Lazar 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Lazar 

31 

YOTTA
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - (PCAOB ID # 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance
Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
of Changes in Stockholders Equity/Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Yotta Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Yotta Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2022, and for the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully
described in Note 1, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the close of business on April 22, 2023, the
Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. This date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution combined with uncertainty as to whether the Company has sufficient liquidity to fund operations through the liquidation
date or thereafter should a deferral occur raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 10, 2023 

F- 2 

YOTTA
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Other receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred offering costs 
 - 

Total Current Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Total Assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock, and Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Promissory note - related party 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 
 
 - 
 
 Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Common stock subject to possible
 redemption, 
 shares at redemption value of 
 per share as of December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and (1) shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock, and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

YOTTA
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended December 31, 
 For
 the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption 
 
 - 

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption 
 
 - 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

YOTTA
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2022 

Sale of private placement units 

- 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants classified as equity 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights classified as equity 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Offering costs allocated to Public Warrants and Public Rights classified as equity 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Remeasurement of common stock to redemption value 
 - 
 - 

Net income for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

- 

For
the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of March 8, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued to initial stockholders (1) 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

YOTTA
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
year ended 
December 31, 2022 
 For the period from 
 March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Other receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 - 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investment held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from promissory note- related party 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of shares of common stock to initial stockholders 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of public units through public offering 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of private placement units 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of promissory note to related party 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of underwriters commissions 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of deferred offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the year 
 
 - 
 
 Cash, end of the year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities 

Initial classification of common stock subject to redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred underwriting fee 
 
 - 
 
 Remeasurement of common stock to redemption value 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

YOTTA
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units at an offering price of per unit (the Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of .
Simultaneously with the IPO, the Company sold to its Sponsor units at per unit (the Private Units in a
private placement generating total gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any.
On April 27, 2022, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased Public Units at a price
of per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment option, the
Company consummated the sale of an additional aggregate of Private Units with the Sponsor at a price of per Private Unit,
generating total proceeds of . 

Transaction
costs amounted to , consisting of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees (payable only upon
completion of a Business Combination) and of other offering costs. 

Upon
the closing of the IPO and the private placement on April 22, 2022, and the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of
the additional Private Units on April 27, 2022, a total of was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as a trustee and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills
with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), and that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
These funds will not be released until the earlier of the completion of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation due to the
Company s failure to complete a Business Combination within the applicable period of time. The proceeds deposited in the Trust
Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the
Company s public stockholders. In addition, interest income earned on the funds in the Trust Account may be released to the Company
to pay its income or other tax obligations. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by the Company may be paid prior to a business combination
only from the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement not held in the Trust Account. 

Pursuant
to Nasdaq listing rules, the Company s initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate
fair market value equal to at least of the value of the funds in the Trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts
and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account), which the Company refers to as the 80 test, at the time
of the execution of a definitive agreement for its initial Business Combination, although the Company may structure a Business Combination
with one or more target businesses whose fair market value significantly exceeds 80 of the trust account balance. If the Company is
no longer listed on Nasdaq, it will not be required to satisfy the 80 test. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if
the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a
controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. 

The
Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Stockholders
will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated
to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
the Company to pay its franchise and income tax obligations). 

The
Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or
other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however,
stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal
reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant
to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they
vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the
Company s Sponsor and any of the Company s officers or directors that may hold Insider Shares (as defined in Note 5) (the
 Initial Stockholders and the underwriters have agreed (a) to vote their Insider Shares, Private Shares (as defined in
Note 4), Shares issued as underwriting commissions (see Note 6) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving
a Business Combination and (b) not to convert any shares (including the Insider Shares) in connection with a stockholder vote to approve,
or sell the shares to the Company in any tender offer in connection with, a proposed Business Combination. 

If
the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with
respect to more than an aggregate of 20 or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The
Initial Stockholders and underwriters have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Insider Shares, Private Shares,
and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose, or vote in favor of,
an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the
public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

The
Company will have until 9 months (or up to 15 months if the time to complete a business combination is extended as described herein)
from the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination. In addition, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to
consummate initial business combination within 9 months, the Company s insiders or their affiliates may, but are not obligated
to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination two times by an additional three months each time (for a total of
15 months to complete a business combination) (the Combination Period ). In order to extend the time available for the Company
to consummate a Business Combination, the Sponsor or its affiliate or designees must deposit into the Trust Account , or 1,150,000
if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full per Public Share in either case or an aggregate of 
(or 2,300,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less certain amount of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number
of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The
Sponsor and the other Initial Stockholders have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Insider Shares, and Private
Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or the other Initial
Stockholders acquires Public Shares in or after the IPO, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive
their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete
a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in
the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible
that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than 10.00. 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below 10.00 per Public Share, except as to
any claims by a third party who executed a valid and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity
of the underwriters of IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

Business
Combination 

On October 24, 2022, the Company, NaturalShrimp
Incorporated, a Nevada corporation (the Target ), and Yotta Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Merger Agreement (the Agreement ), pursuant to which Merger Sub
will merge with and into the NaturalShrimp (the Business Combination with the Target as the surviving corporation of the
Business Combination and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company will
change its name to NaturalShrimp, Incorporated or such other name designated by NaturalShrimp by notice to the Company. 

The
Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously (i) approved and declared advisable the Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the Agreement and related matters by the stockholders of the Company.
At the closing of the Business Combination, 

The proposed business combination is subject to
the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4 that the Company
is required to file with the SEC, required Nasdaq approval, and the approval of the proposed transaction and the Agreement by a majority
of the stockholders of the Company and the Target. 

On
January 20, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of to the Sponsor in
exchange for its depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available
to complete a business combination from January 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023. 

On
January 20, 2023, the Company deposited into the Trust Account (representing 0.10 per each share of redeemable common stock)
to extend the time to complete the Business Combination by three months until April 22, 2023. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Target paid one-half of the extension fee while the Company paid the other half. 

Going
Concern Consideration 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of and a working capital deficit of (excluding income tax and franchise tax
payable). 

On January 20, 2023, the Company deposited 
into the Trust to extend the time to complete the Business Combination
by three months until April 22, 2023. The Company has 12 months (or up to 15 months if the time to complete a business combination is
extended) from the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate
a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution. 

The Company has incurred and expects to continue
to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of
the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete its Business Combination
or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation of its Business Combination, in which
case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. In addition, if the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (by April 22, 2023 unless it s extended), the Company s
board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance
that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management
has determined that such additional condition also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that
the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s future financial position, results of its operations and/or search for
a target company, there has not been a significant impact as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the future outcome of this uncertainty. 

Additionally,
as a result of the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and
related economic sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business
with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the Company s
ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these
events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable
on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact
on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides
for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded
domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the
abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or
otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection
with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of
the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business
Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination
(or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination)
and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the
Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing
could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete
a Business Combination. 

At
this time, it has been determined that none of the IR Act tax provisions have an impact to the Company s fiscal 2022 tax provision.
The Company will continue to monitor for updates to the Company s business along with guidance issued with respect to the IR Act
to determine whether any adjustments are needed to the Company s tax provision in future periods. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of
such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public
or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company that
is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

and in cash and in cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

consisted of legal, accounting and other costs that were directly related to the IPO were charged to stockholders 
equity upon the completion of the IPO and exercise of over-allotment option on April 22, 2022 and April 27, 2022, respectively. 

stock-based compensation expense has been
recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021. The estimated fair value of the shares granted to the Company s directors was , or per share at December 31,
2022. 

unrecognized
tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company is
currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

The
Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. The Company is subject to income taxation
by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus
of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect
that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the warrants
are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. 

The
net income (loss) per share presented in the statement of operations is based on the following: 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

For the period from March 8, 2021 (inception)
 through December 31, 2021 

Redeemable shares 
 Non-redeemable shares 
 
 Basic and diluted net income per share: 

Numerators: 

Allocation of net loss 
 - 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 
 - 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 - 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification,
the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. As discussed
in Note 7, the Company determined that upon further review of the proposed form of warrant agreement, management concluded that the Public
Warrants and Private Warrants to be issued pursuant to the warrant agreement qualify for equity accounting treatment. 

was placed in the Trust Account and may be invested only
in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earlier to occur of either: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is a business combination; or (ii) absent a business combination, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. 

The
Company s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance
sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities
is included in income from investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying audited statement of operations. The estimated fair
values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 

Public Units at per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of .
The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if
any. On April 27, 2022, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased Public Units at a price
of per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of one share of common stock, one right Public
Right and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Right will convert into one-tenth (1/10) of one
share of common stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one
share of common stock at a price of per whole share, subject to adjustment. Because the Warrants may only be exercised for whole
numbers of shares, only an even number of warrants may be exercised. The Warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO, and will expire five years after the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

All
of the 11,500,000 Public Shares sold as part of the Public Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption
of such Public Shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with
certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s
liquidation. In accordance with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC
480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified
outside of permanent equity. 

The
Company s redeemable common stock is subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has
been codified in ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either
accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the
instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend
(i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). 

As
of December 31, 2022, the shares of common stock reflected on the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights 

Offering costs of Public Shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption 

Private Units at a price of per Private Unit for an
aggregate purchase price of in a private placement. Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment option, the Company
consummated the sale of an additional aggregate of Private Units with the Sponsor at a price of per Private Unit, generating
total proceeds of . Each Private Unit will consist of one share of common stock Private Share ), one right Private
Right and one redeemable warrant Private Warrant ). Each whole Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Private Warrants will be identical to the Public
Warrants except that the Private Warrants and the common shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable,
assignable or saleable until after the completion of a Business Combination. The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds
from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period,
the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law), and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

shares of common stock to the Initial Stockholders (the Insider Shares for an aggregated consideration of , or approximately per share. Such shares included up to shares subject to
forfeiture by the Initial Stockholders to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full, so that the
Initial Stockholders would collectively own 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the Initial
Stockholders did not purchase any Public Shares in the IPO and excluding the Private Units). 

On
March 7, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered shares of common stock without any consideration. On April 5, 2022, the Sponsor
declared a dividend, payable in shares of common stock, of two-thirds of one share of common stock for each share of common stock issued
and outstanding. As a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option on April 27, 2022, no Insider
Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. As of December 31, 2022, there were Insider Shares issued and outstanding. 

The
Initial Stockholders have agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Insider Shares
until, with respect to 50 of the Insider Shares, the earlier of six months after the consummation of a Business Combination and the
date on which the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination
and, with respect to the remaining 50 of the Insider Shares, until the six months after the consummation of a Business Combination,
or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or
other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common
stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
December 28, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate amount of to be used, in part, for transaction
costs incurred in connection with the IPO (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is unsecured, interest-free and due
on the earlier of August 31, 2022 or the closing of the IPO. The Company repaid the outstanding balance of to the Sponsor
on April 22, 2022. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Initial Stockholders
or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If the Company completes an initial Business Combination,
it will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of
the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used
for such repayment. Certain amount of such loans may be converted into private at 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. As of
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowings under the working capital loans. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

The
Company entered into an agreement, commencing on April 19, 2022 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business
Combination and its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative
support. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, the Sponsor agreed to defer the payment of such monthly fee. Any such unpaid
amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of initial Business Combination.
For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 8, 2021(inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company
incurred and , respectively, in fees for these services, of which and were included in accrued expenses in the accompanying
balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. On January 26, 2023, the Company paid accrued administrative support expenses in cash. 

Professional
Services 

An
affiliate of the Sponsor provided professional services related to formation of the Company. In addition, the affiliate paid certain
offering costs on behalf of the Sponsor. There was amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and due to related party
which was included in the accrued expenses as of December 31, 2021. 

Other 

Mr.
Michael Lazar will serve as an independent director of the board beginning on the date of the prospectus, also is the Chief Executive
Officer of Empire Filings, LLC, which is engaged by the Company to provide print and filing services. The Company paid and 
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 8, 2021(inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively,
and will pay per quarter for ongoing compliance filings. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On
April 27, 2022, Chardan exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased additional Units. 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the IPO (including the exercise of the over-allotment
option), or . In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO (including
the exercise of the over-allotment option), which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts
held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Right
of First Refusal 

The
Company has granted Chardan for a period of 18 months after the date of the consummation of the Company s Business Combination,
a right of first refusal to act as book-running manager, with at least 30 of the economics, or, in the case of a three-handed 
deal 20 of the economics, for any and all future public and private equity and debt offerings. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders
of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. In March 2022, the Sponsor surrendered 1,150,000 shares of common stock
without any consideration and in April 2022, the Sponsor declared a dividend, payable in shares of common stock, of two-thirds of
one share of common stock for each share of common stock issued and outstanding. As a result of the underwriters full exercise
of their over-allotment option on April 27, 2022, no Insider Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. As of December 31,
2022, there were Insider Shares issued and outstanding. 

Rights
 Each holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination,
even if the holder of such right redeemed all shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will
be issued upon conversion of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive
its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination, as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit
purchase price paid for by investors in the IPO. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which
the Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per
share consideration the holders of the common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis and each
holder of a right will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in order to receive 1/10 share underlying each right (without paying
additional consideration). The shares issuable upon conversion of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates
of the Company). 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the
Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless.
Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of a Business
Combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, holders of the rights
might not receive the shares of common stock underlying the rights. 

Public
Warrants Each redeemable Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock at a price
of per full share, and will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial Business Combination and 12 months
from the closing of the IPO. However, no Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the foregoing, if a registration statement
covering the issuance of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within days from the closing
of the Company s initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis
pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders
will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five years from the closing of the Company s
initial Business Combination at 5:00 p.m., New York City time or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

In
addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per
share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross
proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of
the Company s initial Business Combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock
during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination
(such price, the Market Price is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 115 of the Market Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 165 of the Market Value. 

Once
the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, which the Company refers to as the 30-day redemption period; 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 16.50 per share (as adjusted for
 stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period
 ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the to the warrant holders. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the
Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. In such event, each holder would pay
the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price
of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to
the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

Except
as described above, no warrants will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue common stock unless at the time a
holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and
the common stock have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the
holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to meet these conditions
and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the
warrants. However, the Company cannot assure that it will be able to do so and, if the Company does not maintain a current prospectus
relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and the Company
will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon the exercise of
the warrants is not current or if the common stock is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders
of the warrants reside, the Company will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have
no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless. 

Private
Warrants The private warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part
of the units in this offering except that the private warrants will be entitled to registration rights. The private warrants (including
the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until after the completion
of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees. 

Level
 2: 
 Observable
 inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
 and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 

Level
 3: 
 Unobservable
 inputs based on the assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

The
following table presents information about the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on December 31,
2022, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

- 
 - 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 - 

The
income tax provision consists of the following: 

Deferred 

State 

Current 
 - 
 
 Deferred 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

A
reconciliation of the Company s statutory income tax rate to the Company s effective income tax rate is as follows (in thousands): 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Transaction costs 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax
 rate 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future
taxable income. 

In
assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies
in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty
exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. The change
in the valuation allowance was for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
provisions for U.S. federal and state income taxes were and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
from March 8, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company s tax returns for the year ended December 2022
and 2021 remain open and subject to examination. 

to the Sponsor in exchange
for its depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete
a business combination from January 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the target paid one-half of the extension fee while the Company paid the other half. 

On
January 20, 2023, the Company deposited into the Trust Account (representing 0.10 per each share of redeemable common stock)
to extend the time to complete the Business Combination by three months until April 22, 2023. 

On February 5, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of to the Sponsor. The note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing
of a business combination by the Company. 

F- 22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 yottaacq_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Hui Chen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Yotta Acquisition Corporation (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the Company and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos.
33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal
quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors
and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Hui Chen 

Hui Chen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 yottaacq_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Robert L. Labbet, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Yotta Acquisition Corporation (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the Company and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant
to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal
quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors
and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Robert
 L. Labbe 

Robert L. Labbe 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 yottaacq_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Yotta Acquisition Corporation (the Company ), as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, I, Hui Chen, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for
the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Hui
 Chen 

Hui Chen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 yottaacq_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Yotta Acquisition Corporation (the Company ), as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, I, Robert L. Labbe, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for
the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 10, 2023 

/s/ Robert
 L. Labbe 

Robert L. Labbe 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 yotau-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 yotau-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 yotau-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 yotau-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

