<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1142750_0001142750-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12370470</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>383003</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2292262</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3887256</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2984941</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2615441</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001142750-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222162714
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001142750-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMN HEALTHCARE SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001142750
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		IRS NUMBER:				061500476
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16753
		FILM NUMBER:		23653534

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8840 CYPRESS WATERS BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8668718519

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8840 CYPRESS WATERS BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001142750-23-000006.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 amn-20221231.htm
 10-K

amn-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File No.: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) 
 ____________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of June 30, 2022, was based on a closing sale price of 109.71 per share. 
 As of February 20, 2023, there were shares of common stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference: 
 
 Auditor Name: Auditor Location: Auditor Firm ID: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Item Page PART I 1. Business 
 1 
 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 2. Properties 
 19 
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 
 PART II 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 6. [Reserved] 
 23 
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 65 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 65 
 9B. Other Information 
 67 
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 67 
 PART III 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 67 
 11. Executive Compensation 
 67 
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 67 
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 68 
 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 68 
 PART IV 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 69 
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 74 
 Signatures 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to AMN Healthcare, AMN, the Company, we, us and our refer to AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. This Annual Report contains references to our trademarks and service marks. For convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report do not appear with the , TM , or SM symbols, but the lack of references is not intended to indicate that we will not assert our right to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. 
 
 PART I 

10-K Introduction 
 
 This section provides an overview of AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. It does not contain all of the information you should consider. Please read the entire Annual Report on Form 10-K carefully before voting or making an investment decision. 
 In Particular, Please See the Following Sections Forward-Looking Statements Risk Factors Page 9 
 Page 9 
 Management s Discussion Analysis Financial Statements Page 24 
 Page 35 

Index of frequently requested 10-K information 
 Five-Year Performance Graph Page 22 
 Results of Operations Page 26 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Page 28 
 Financial Statement Footnotes Page 43 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview of Our Company and Business Strategy 
 AMN Healthcare empowers the future of care through the nation s largest network of highly-qualified healthcare professionals. As the leader and innovator in total talent solutions for the healthcare sector in the United States, we tailor our solutions to our clients challenges and goals, and provide staffing, talent optimization strategies, and technology solutions aimed to support caregivers and improve patient outcomes. We are passionate about all aspects of our mission to: 
 Deliver the right talent and insights to help healthcare organizations optimize their workforce. 
 Provide healthcare professionals opportunities to do their best work toward high-quality patient care. 
 Create a values-based culture of innovation in which our team members can achieve their goals. 
 Our solutions enable our clients to optimize their workforce, increase efficiency, and elevate the patient experience. Our comprehensive suite of talent solutions provides management, staffing, recruitment, language services, technology, telehealth and virtual care management, analytics, and related services to build and manage all or part of our clients healthcare workforce needs. We offer temporary and permanent career opportunities to our healthcare professionals, from nurses, doctors, and allied health professionals to healthcare leaders and executives in a variety of settings across the nation. 
 Our strategy is designed to support growth in the number and size of customer relationships and expansion of the markets we serve. Driving increased adoption of our existing talent solutions through cross-selling will deepen and broaden our customer relationships. We will continue to innovate, develop and invest in new, complementary service and technology solutions that optimize and manage our clients workforce, enhance the patient experience, better engage our talent network and expand into different healthcare delivery settings. We expect this will enable us to expand our strategic customer relationships, while driving more recurring revenue, with an improved margin mix that will be less sensitive to economic cycles. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Over the past decade, our business has evolved beyond traditional healthcare staffing and recruitment services; we have become a strategic total talent solutions partner with our clients. We expanded our portfolio to serve a diverse and growing set of healthcare talent-related needs. In addition to our traditional staffing services, our suite of healthcare workforce solutions includes managed services programs MSP ), vendor management systems VMS ), medical language interpretation services, predictive labor analytics, workforce optimization technology and consulting, clinical labor scheduling, recruitment process outsourcing RPO ), revenue cycle solutions, credentialing software services, and virtual care management services. We enable clients to build, manage and optimize their healthcare talent to deliver great patient outcomes and experiences. Our talent network includes thousands of highly skilled, experienced professionals who trust us to place them in environments that expand and leverage their qualifications and expertise. 
 When developing and acquiring talent solutions, both services and technology, we consider many important criteria: (1) identifying and addressing the most pressing current and future needs of our clients and talent network; (2) alignment with our core operations, expertise, and access to healthcare professionals; (3) ways to deepen and broaden our client and healthcare professional relationships; (4) talent and technology solutions that expand the markets we serve; and (5) businesses that reduce our sensitivity to economic cycles and enhance our profitability. 
 Continuous improvement of our operations and business technology is a core component of our growth strategy and profitability goals. We have accelerated the integration of technology-based solutions in our core recruitment processes through investment in digital capabilities, mobile applications and data analytics. These technology investments provide a more seamless and efficient workflow for our team members, our healthcare professionals and our clients. For example, throughout 2022, we continued to add functionality to AMN Passport, our top clinician-rated mobile application. AMN Passport, which has more than 170,000 registered users and approximately 40,000 average monthly active users as of January 2023, provides a centralized experience for nurses and allied professionals to find, book and manage assignments, access time and pay details, and receive instantaneous alerts and updates, while also creating operational efficiencies through the ability to customize job preferences, store and manage credentials, electronically sign important documents and contact our dedicated recruiters. We believe our investments in technology systems will help us realize greater scale, agility, and cost efficiencies. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 Development of a broad base of healthcare professionals and corporate team members who feel valued, respected and supported is essential to driving shareholder value and achieving our long-term growth objectives. To support these objectives, our human capital management strategy focuses on talent acquisition, engagement, retention, diversity, equity, and inclusion, and employee well-being. 
 
 The strength of our human capital management strategy was instrumental throughout the pandemic and continues to be foundational as we invest resources to address talent shortages, including the severe healthcare labor shortages faced by our clients. Our commitment to supporting our colleagues mental, physical, and economic well-being continued throughout 2022. We are working hard every day to ensure that all our team members and healthcare professionals have the resources available to help them navigate the continued challenges and stresses they face in this environment. To reward our employees for their extraordinary efforts and dedication to advancing AMN Healthcare and supporting our clients and healthcare professionals during 2022, we paid one-time cash bonuses to our regular full-time and part-time employees. Also, for a portion of the year, we waived healthcare insurance co-premiums for our eligible corporate team members and increased our 401(k) and deferred compensation matching contribution. 
 
 The care, support and safety of our frontline healthcare professionals remains at the forefront for us. We have provided our healthcare professionals with additional support through access to employee assistance programs, on demand mental health resources through nonprofit partners and third-party vendors, sick pay while quarantined, wellness products and services to care for them while they are caring for our communities. Additionally, in 2022, our corporate clinician team members placed over 14,000 care calls to our healthcare professionals to assure they had the necessary support during this stressful time. 
 
 We also continued our AMN Healthcare Hardship Fund which began in 2021, providing financial support for team members experiencing extreme financial hardship and launched our AMN Caring for Caregivers Fund to provide similar support to our healthcare professionals. Through these funds, corporate team members and healthcare professionals can receive financial support for qualifying events such as life-threatening or serious illnesses, natural disasters, funeral costs, or other events causing financial strain. This support is in addition to the insurance and other benefits and employee assistance programs available to support our team members and healthcare professionals. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 4,230 corporate team members, which includes both full-time and part-time employees. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we had an average of (1) 15,183 nurses, allied and other healthcare professionals, (2) 451 executive and clinical leadership interim staff, and (3) 1,983 medically qualified interpreters working for us. This does not include independent contractors, such as our locum tenens and contract interpreters, who were not our employees in 2022. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 AMN is committed to providing comprehensive benefit options, including health insurance, a prescription drug benefit, life and disability insurance, and paid time off. We also provide a variety of other voluntary programs to support the health and well-being of our team members and their families, such as health and flexible spending accounts, family leave, adoption assistance, education assistance, retirement plans, employee assistance programs, and financial wellness programs. 
 
 To assure the health and safety of our corporate team members, we worked primarily in a remote work environment for over two years in response to the pandemic. In June 2022, as the pandemic subsided and workplace safety improved with the availability of vaccines, we carefully returned to the office in phases. In preparation, AMN implemented a COVID-19 prevention and response program designed to educate our team members on reporting protocols for positive cases and exposures, and outline the investigation and response protocol for identified cases in the workplace. We are committed to ensuring our offices are a safe place for our team members through continuing education and awareness, including supplemental health and safety training for team members that visit our offices and performing periodic assessments to identify and correct recognizable workplace hazards. We now have embraced a hybrid work environment with team members working a combination of in the office and virtually. Throughout these transitions, our team members have continued to support our clients and healthcare professionals with the highest level of service, regardless of their location and without disruption to our business operations. 
 
 As our corporate team members returned to an office environment, the health and safety of our team members remained paramount. We believe it is important to bring our teams together to instill and reinforce our values-based culture, provide an opportunity to build meaningful connections with each other and our communities and provide professional development and training opportunities. Our team members are dispersed across the country, and we have offices in Dallas, TX; San Diego, CA; Omaha, NE; Boca Raton and Clearwater, FL; Savannah, GA; and Hickory, NC. 
 
 Learning and Professional Development 
 
 AMN s purpose is to help our team members and healthcare professionals achieve their personal and professional goals. To fulfill this purpose, we continue to make significant investments in our multi-faceted professional development programs. 
 
 We serve the clinical education needs of our healthcare professionals through a multi-pronged approach: pre-hire skills checklists to self-assess current clinical expertise, skills, and knowledge; pre-assignment knowledge assessments to test knowledge in a specialty practice area; pre-assignment required training; access to free continuing education courses while on assignment; and opportunities to transition into practice in specialty settings. Additionally, through our Chief Nurse Officer Academy, we provided leadership skills training to more than 100 aspiring nurse executives in 2022. 
 
 Throughout 2022, approximately 1,400 team members were promoted or transferred internally into new positions, representing one third of our corporate team members. Our professional development education assistance program provides reimbursement to our corporate team members to advance their knowledge and skills through certificate and degree programs. We offer leadership development curriculums led by our team of learning and talent development professionals for new leaders, called LEAD at AMN, as well as a leadership curriculum for our individual contributors who are seeking leadership positions, which we call our emerging leaders program. In 2022, we also partnered with a university to offer a virtual certificate program for high-potential leaders and expanded access to executive coaching programs. Additionally, we provide a mentorship program to provide a larger group of our team members the opportunity to connect with others across the company to support their development, strengthen their skills, and deepen relationships. Nearly 10 of our team members participated in the mentoring program during 2022 as either a mentor or mentee. These programs are supplemented with professional development resources from third-party vendors and our corporate memberships in large industry associations, to which every team member has access. 
 
 Our training and development programs include curriculum that promotes and nurtures our values-based culture and commitment to ethics, compliance and diversity, equity and inclusion (as detailed more specifically below). Substantially all of our people leaders completed our inclusive leaders curriculum and, in 2022, we had a 96 completion rate for our ethics and compliance training program, which includes, but is not limited to, training on our Code of Conduct, harassment prevention and cybersecurity. 
 
 Diversity, Equality, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 At AMN our diversity, equality, equity and inclusion DEI philosophy is grounded in the belief that we should respect all voices, seek diverse perspectives, and succeed when we act together as a positive force for all of humanity. We have the opportunity to influence each other, our industry, and our communities by fostering a diverse team. We are committed to actively engaging in building an organization and society where equality is the norm, equity is achieved, and inclusion is universal so that we may all thrive. Our diverse workforce and inclusive environment drives the innovation and better outcomes that have made us the leader in total talent solutions. 
 
 We are committed to driving DEI at AMN and throughout our value chain and industry. We believe strongly that cultivating a diverse, equitable and inclusive workforce enables us to recruit and retain the best talent, and to develop that talent so that we can best address the evolving needs of our stakeholders. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 To achieve a diverse workforce that reflects the communities that we serve, we are committed to sourcing candidates from historically underrepresented groups and have focused recruitment efforts to hire team members from a variety of backgrounds. In 2022, we launched a corporate fellowship program with Hiring Our Heroes, a veterans organization, and expanded our partnerships with Historically Black Colleges and Universities Career Development Marketplace and early talent platform Handshake. We track our hiring, promotion, retention and engagement rates to inform our overall progress in attainment of our workforce goals. Our commitment to equity extends to our compensation philosophy and our leadership development strategy, including identifying high-potential diverse talent within the Company. 
 
 While the diverse backgrounds and experiences we seek are broad, here is a snapshot of the diversity of our corporate team members as of January 2023: 69 of our team members are women; 63 of our supervisor through senior manager roles are held by women; 56 of our board of directors are women; 45 of our team members are people of color; our team is 58 Millennials, 31 Generation X, 6 Baby Boomers, and 5 Generation Z; and team members self-identified as veterans, disabled, and LGBTQ+, each representing approximately 2 to 3 of our team. We have increased the percentage representation of our team members and leaders from historically underrepresented groups by 11 and 12 , respectively, since 2019. 
 
 Each of the last six years, AMN has been named to the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index. AMN has received a top ranking 95 out of 100 in the Human Rights Campaign Foundation s Corporate Equality Index in each of the last four years. AMN also received the 2022 National Association of Corporate Directors Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Award for public companies in the mid-cap category, which recognizes top companies and their boards in leveraging the power of diversity, equality, equity and inclusion to enhance their organization and create long-term, measurable benefit for all stakeholders. We believe that human capital management infrastructure, including our DEI commitment, is fundamental to our continued recognition as one of America s Most Responsible Companies by Newsweek in each of the last four years. 
 
 Team Member Communication and Engagement 
 
 Team member engagement and wellness is of critical importance to our success. In 2022, we continued to prioritize engaging with our team members through monthly town halls and an enterprise-wide company meeting with our chief executive officer and other senior executives. 
 
 In addition, in 2022, we continued our focus on increasing opportunities for team members to build connections with colleagues through our growing number of employee resource groups ERG ). Best practice research indicates that team member engagement and retention is positively impacted if team members are connected to peers who share their viewpoints and backgrounds and leaders who are invested in their success. We have invested in and dedicated resources to build an inclusive infrastructure to support our ERGs. These resource groups continue to grow and foster engagement through their close alignment with the diverse interests and backgrounds of our team members. During 2022, we increased the number of ERGs from eight to ten, and 39 of our corporate team members are members of at least one ERG. Each of our ERGs is sponsored by one or more members of our executive team. 
 
 To assess the engagement of our team members and take action to mitigate risks associated with a lack of engagement and turnover, in 2022 we conducted an engagement survey of our team members early in the year followed by a shorter pulse survey later in the year. The engagement and pulse surveys had participation rates of roughly 80 and engagement scores exceeded the benchmark scores. The engagement results were discussed with our board of directors and informed our annual human capital strategic planning initiatives for 2023. Team member engagement helps to strengthen our retention rate, which was 87 in 2022, our highest in the past five years. 
 
 Our Services 
 
 In 2022, we conducted our business through three reportable segments: (1) nurse and allied solutions, (2) physician and leadership solutions, and (3) technology and workforce solutions. We describe each segment s revenue and operating results under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations. Our go-to-market strategy blends solutions from all three reportable segments, combining staffing, talent planning and acquisition, and technology-enabled solutions. 
 
 Workforce Staffing 
 
 (1) Nurse Staffing . We offer a range of specialty recruitment and temporary assignment lengths for nursing. A rigorous quality process ensures that each nursing candidate possesses the necessary training, licensure, and clinical competencies needed for a client facility. Nurse staffing solutions that we offer include (a) travel nurse staffing which are typically for a 13-week assignment but can support a wide range of assignment lengths, (b) international nurse staffing for which we recruit registered nurses from outside of the United States on long-term contracts ranging from 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 24 to 36 months (or for direct placement with our clients), (c) crisis nurse staffing (commonly referred to as critical staffing and rapid response nursing) for which we quickly coordinate and deploy registered nurses to provide temporary assistance during critical periods such as unexpected specialty gaps and urgent needs, including pandemic surges, natural disasters and other emergency situations, (d) labor disruption staffing for which we provide crucial support for clients involved in strikes of nurses and allied professional staff, and (e) local staffing of all nursing specialties, often in support of our MSP clients, covering short-term assignments with same-day shifts that potentially last for several weeks. 
 
 (2) Allied Staffing . We provide allied health professionals to acute-care hospitals and other healthcare facilities such as skilled nursing facilities, rehabilitation clinics, schools, and pharmacies. Allied health professionals include such disciplines as physical therapists, respiratory therapists, occupational therapists, medical and radiology technologists, lab technicians, speech pathologists, rehabilitation assistants and pharmacists. Our solutions for schools feature an advanced teletherapy platform, Televate, and qualified school speech-language pathologists, psychologists, nurses, social workers, and other care providers who provide customized care and interactive learning plans to engage students. 
 
 (3) Revenue Cycle Solutions . AMN Revenue Cycle Solutions provides skilled labor solutions for remote medical coding, clinical documentation improvement, case management, and clinical data registry, and also provide auditing and advisory services. 
 
 (4) Physician and Advanced Practice Staffing . We provide locum tenens staffing services through which we offer clients thousands of physicians of all specialties and advanced practice and other clinicians. Typically on an independent contractor basis, locum tenens professionals are placed on temporary assignments with all types of healthcare organizations throughout the United States, including hospitals, health systems, medical groups, occupational medical clinics, psychiatric facilities, government institutions and insurance companies. We also offer full-service, permanent physician search across many specialties and modalities, specializing in recruiting and placing top physicians and advanced practitioner talent in jobs across the country. 
 
 (5) Interim Leadership Staffing . We provide executive and clinical leadership interim staffing. Practice areas include senior healthcare executives, physician executives, chief nursing officers and other clinical and operational leaders. Interim leaders provide strategic guidance and assist in setting short and long-term goals to offer immediate support, maintain momentum, and contribute leading practices and perspectives. Our interim leaders enjoy the flexibility of a consulting role with the stability of full-time employment. 
 
 (6) Executive Search and Academic Leadership . We provide executive leadership search services across the healthcare industry with areas of focus including academic medical centers and children s hospitals nationwide. This business line provides us greater access to the C-suite of our clients and prospective clients, which we believe helps improve our visibility as a strategic partner to them and helps provide us with cross-selling opportunities. 
 
 Talent Planning Acquisition 
 
 (7) Managed Services Programs . Many of our clients and prospective clients use a number of healthcare staffing agencies to fulfill their healthcare professional needs. We offer a comprehensive managed services program, in which we manage all or a portion of a client s contingent staffing needs. Through our MSPs, we place our own healthcare professionals and utilize other staffing agencies to fulfill the client s needs. We believe an MSP optimizes our clients staffing models, increasing efficiencies and often providing cost savings while enhancing the patient experience. We often use our own VMS technology as part of our MSPs, which we believe further enhances the value of our service offering. In 2022, we had approximately 5.3 billion in spend under management through our MSPs and approximately 64 of our consolidated revenue flowed through MSP relationships, which has steadily increased over the past decade. Together with the vendor-neutral spend through our VMS programs (as discussed below), we had approximately 12.1 billion of spend under management during 2022. 
 
 (8) Recruitment Solutions . We partner with clients to streamline their permanent workforce planning and recruitment process through one efficient, agile solution. Our recruitment solutions, which many refer to as RPO, are customized to the client s particular needs, in which we recruit, hire and/or onboard permanent clinical and nonclinical positions on their behalf. We provide technology and data intelligence that enable sustainable, long-term improvement and offer flexible solution options, agile, scalable processes in our pay-for-performance model. 
 
 Technology 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 (9) Language Interpretation . AMN Language Services provides healthcare interpretation services via proprietary platforms that enable video remote interpretation, over the phone interpretation, onsite interpretation, and telehealth interoperability, with more than 250 health systems, more than 2,000 hospitals, and thousands of clinics using our solutions. These services are all supported by proprietary technology platforms, which enable real-time routing of video and audio calls, drive client efficiency with an in-person scheduling mobile application, and power interoperability with multiple telehealth platforms and EMRs. 
 
 (10) Vendor Management Systems . Some clients and prospective clients prefer a vendor-neutral VMS technology that allows them to self-manage the procurement of contingent clinical labor and their internal float pool. If clients use other staffing companies (associate vendors), our software as a service SaaS )-based VMS technologies help them track and efficiently organize their staffing process. Our current VMS products are ShiftWise, Medefis and b4health. Our VMS technologies provide, among other things, control over a wide variety of tasks via a single system and consolidated reporting. In 2022, we had approximately 6.7 billion in gross spend flow through our VMS programs, for which we typically earn a fee as a percentage of spend. 
 
 (11) Scheduling and Staff Planning . We offer Smart Square, healthcare scheduling software that combines demand forecasting (predictive analytics) with robust scheduling functionality, enterprise transparency, patented open shift management, and business intelligence tools all-in-one application. The SaaS platform provides fast implementations and is utilized in acute care, clinics, ancillary, long-term care and senior care settings. We also provide consulting services to our clients to evaluate their staffing spend and offer recommendations for savings by optimizing workforce and scheduling capabilities. 
 
 (12) Credentialing . We provide an all-in-one credentialing solution, Silversheet, to help our clients maintain a healthy and compliant facility. This software solution is designed to help facilities credential smarter and faster through automating tedious tasks, preventing errors, and centralized credentialing. 
 
 (13) Post-Acute and Home Health Virtual Care . We provide an end-to-end solution that enables regional and community hospitals, multi-practice physician groups, retail and urgent care clinics, and behavioral health practices to deliver virtual care via a single platform. The easy-to-use HIPAA-compliant platform expands our capabilities with a platform-plus-providers experience that helps healthcare organizations provide 24/7 patient care (including after hours and weekend support) and remote patient monitoring virtually. The white-labeling feature enables an organization s brand to be showcased on the virtual care platform, boosting patient awareness and engagement. 
 
 We typically experience modest seasonal fluctuations during our fiscal year, and they tend to vary among our businesses and reportable segments. These fluctuations can vary slightly in intensity from year to year. 
 
 Our Healthcare Professionals 
 
 The recruitment of a sufficient number of qualified healthcare professionals to work on temporary assignments and for placement at healthcare organizations is critical to the success of our business. Healthcare professionals choose temporary assignments for a variety of reasons that include seeking flexible work opportunities, exploring diverse practice settings, building skills and experience by working at prestigious healthcare facilities, working through life and career transitions, and as a means of access into a permanent staff position. 
 
 We recruit our healthcare professionals, depending on the particular service line, under the following brands: AMN Healthcare, American Mobile, Nursefinders, NurseChoice, HealthSource Global Staffing, Onward Healthcare, O Grady Peyton International, Connetics, Med Travelers, Club Staffing, Staff Care, B.E. Smith, and Merritt Hawkins. Our recruiting strategy is supported by innovative and effective digital-first marketing programs that focus on lead management, including our digital presence on websites, social media, and mobile applications. Word-of-mouth referrals from the thousands of current and former healthcare professionals we have placed enhance our effectiveness at reaching healthcare professionals. 
 
 Our process to attract and retain healthcare professionals for temporary assignments and permanent placement depends on (1) offering a large selection of assignments and placements in a variety of geographies and settings with opportunities for career development, (2) creating competitive compensation packages, (3) developing passionate, knowledgeable recruiters and service professionals who understand the needs of our healthcare professionals and provide a personalized approach, and (4) maintaining a reputation for service excellence. The attractive compensation, benefits and reimbursement package that we 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 provide our temporary healthcare professionals includes a competitive wage, professional development opportunities, professional liability insurance, 401(k) plan, health insurance and reimbursements for housing, meals and travel expenses. 
 
 Our Geographic Markets and Client Base 
 
 During each of the past three years, (1) we generated substantially all our revenue in the United States and (2) substantially all our long-lived assets were located in the United States. We typically generate revenue in all 50 states. During 2022, the largest percentages of our revenue were concentrated in California, Texas and Florida. 
 
 More than half of our temporary and contract healthcare professional assignments occur at acute-care hospitals. In addition to acute-care hospitals, we provide services to sub-acute healthcare facilities, physician groups, rehabilitation centers, schools, home health service providers and ambulatory surgery centers. Our clients include many of the largest and most prestigious and progressive health care systems in the country. Kaiser Foundation Hospitals (and its affiliates), to whom we provide clinical managed services, comprised approximately 18 of our consolidated revenue and 22 of our nurse and allied solutions segment revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. No other client healthcare system or single client facility comprised more than 6 of our consolidated revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our Industry 
 
 The primary healthcare service markets in which we compete are U.S. temporary and contract healthcare staffing, workforce managed service programs, locum tenens, and language services. We also operate within the interim leadership, executive search, physician permanent placement, RPO, VMS, telehealth technology, and workforce optimization and consulting services markets. 
 
 Industry Demand Drivers 
 
 Many factors affect the demand for contingent and permanent healthcare talent, which, accordingly, affects the size of the markets in which we primarily operate. Of these many factors, we believe the following serve as some of the most significant drivers of demand. 
 
 Economic Environment and Employment Rate . Demand for our services is affected by growth of the U.S. economy and the employment rate. Growth in real U.S. gross domestic product generally drives rising employment rates. Favorable macro drivers typically result in increased demand for our services. Generally, we believe a positive economic environment and low unemployment lead to increasing demand for healthcare services. As employment levels rise, healthcare facilities, like employers in many industries, experience higher levels of employee attrition and find it increasingly difficult to obtain and retain permanent staff. 
 Supply of Healthcare Professionals . While reports differ on the existence and extent of current and future healthcare professional shortages, many regions of the United States are experiencing a shortage of physicians and nurses that we believe will persist in the future. According to the Association of American Medical Colleges, the physician shortage is projected to be between 38,000 and 124,000 physicians by 2034. In nursing, McKinsey Company estimates a nationwide shortage of between 200,000 and 450,000 nurses available for direct patient care by 2025. We believe the nursing shortage has been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic through nurse burnout, attrition, and retirements. Demand for our services is positively correlated with activity in the permanent labor market. When nurse vacancy rates increase, temporary nurse staffing orders typically increase as well. 
 General Demand for Healthcare Services . Changes in demand for healthcare services, particularly at acute healthcare hospitals and other inpatient facilities, like skilled nursing facilities, affect the demand for our services. According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, with the passage of the Affordable Care Act, the uninsured population declined by more than 18 million people between 2010 and 2018. Growth of the insured population contributed to a relatively sharp increase in national healthcare expenditures beginning in 2014. Additionally, the U.S. population continues to age, and medical technology advances are contributing to longer life expectancy. A pronounced shift in U.S. age demographics is expected to boost growth of health expenditures, projected by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services at a 5.1 annual rate on average from 2021-2030. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the number of adults age 65 or older is on pace to grow an estimated 30 between 2020 and 2030. People over 65 are three times more likely to have a hospital stay and twice as likely to visit a physician office compared with the rest of the population. These dynamics could place upward pressure on demand for the services we provide in the coming years. Not only does the age-demographic shift affect healthcare services demand, it also complicates the supply of skilled labor, as an increasing number of clinicians are aging out of the workforce. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in an increase in hospitalizations, vaccinations and testing across the country. This additional demand for healthcare services resulted in an increased demand for our services, especially in our nurse and allied solutions segment. We expect demand for these 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 services to remain at higher than pre-pandemic levels due to the tight labor market and the amount of care that was deferred during the pandemic. 
 Adoption of Workforce Solutions . We believe healthcare organizations increasingly seek sophisticated, innovative and economically beneficial total talent solutions that improve patient experience and outcomes. We believe the prevalence of workforce solutions, such as MSP, VMS, RPO and workforce optimization tools, in the healthcare industry is still underpenetrated in comparison with non-healthcare sectors. During 2022, approximately 64 of our consolidated revenues were generated through MSP relationships, which we estimate is higher than our competitors. 
 
 Industry Competition 
 
 The healthcare staffing and workforce solutions industry is highly competitive. We compete in national, regional and local markets for healthcare organization clients and healthcare professionals. We believe that our comprehensive suite of total talent solutions, our commitment to quality and service excellence, our execution capabilities, and our national footprint create a compelling value proposition for our existing and prospective clients that give us distinct, scalable advantages over smaller, local and regional competitors and companies whose solution offerings, sales and execution capabilities are not as robust. The breadth of our talent solutions allows us to provide even greater value through a more strategic and consultative approach to our clients. In addition, we believe that our size, scale and sophisticated candidate acquisition processes give us access to a larger pool of available, highly-qualified candidates than most of our competitors, while substantial word-of-mouth referral networks enable us to attract, engage, and grow a diverse, high-quality network of healthcare professionals. 
 
 Larger firms, such as us, also generally have a deeper, more comprehensive infrastructure with a more established operating model and processes that provide the long-term stability and foundation for quality standards recognition, such as the Joint Commission staffing agency certification and National Committee for Quality Assurance Credentials Verification Organization certification. In its ratings for both MSPs and total workforce solutions, HRO Today recognized AMN Healthcare as the top-ranking healthcare workforce provider based on overall capabilities; we also were honored in the Baker s Dozen for quality of services, breadth of services and size of deals. 
 
 We are a leading provider of nurse, allied and locum tenens staffing in the United States. In nurse and allied staffing, we compete with several national competitors together with numerous smaller, regional and local companies. The locum tenens staffing market consists of many small- to mid-sized companies with only a small number of national competitors of which we are one. The healthcare interim leadership staffing, healthcare executive search services, and physician permanent placement services markets, where we believe we hold leading positions, are also highly fragmented and consist of many small- to mid-sized companies that do not have a national footprint. We also believe we have a market-leading share in managed services solutions, including VMS and MSP, and healthcare language interpretation services. Our leading competitors vary by segment and include Aya Healthcare, CHG Healthcare Services, Cross Country Healthcare, HealthTrust Workforce Solutions, Ingenovis Health, Jackson Healthcare, Loyal Source, Maxim Healthcare Services, Medical Solutions, Teleperformance, and WittKieffer. When recruiting for healthcare professionals, in addition to other executive search and staffing firms, we also compete with hospital systems that have developed their own recruitment departments. 
 
 Licensure For Our Business 
 
 Some states require state licensure for businesses that employ, assign and/or place healthcare professionals. We believe we are currently licensed in all states that require such licenses and take measures to ensure compliance with all state licensure requirements. In addition, the healthcare professionals who we employ or independently contract with are required to be individually licensed or certified under applicable state laws. We believe we take appropriate and reasonable steps to validate that our healthcare professionals possess all necessary licenses and certifications. We design our internal processes to ensure that the healthcare professionals that we directly place with clients have the appropriate experience, credentials and skills. Our nurse, allied healthcare and locum tenens staffing divisions have received Joint Commission certification. We have also obtained our Credentials Verification Organization certification from the National Committee for Quality Assurance. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We are subject to the laws of the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulation has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitive position. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Additional Information 
 
 We maintain a corporate website at www.amnhealthcare.com. We make available our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports, as well as proxy statements and other information free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after being filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Such reports, proxy statements and other information are also available on the SEC s website, http://www.sec.gov. The information found on our website and the SEC s website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains, and certain oral statements made by management from time to time, may contain, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are subject to safe harbors under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. We base these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events and the industry in which we operate. Forward-looking statements are identified by words such as believe, anticipate, expect, intend, plan, will, should, would, project, may, could, variations of such words and other similar expressions. In addition, statements that refer to projections of financial items; anticipated growth; future growth and revenue; future economic conditions and performance; plans, objectives and strategies for future operations; and other characterizations of future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those implied by the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are described under the caption Risk Factors below, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. Stockholders, potential investors, and other readers are urged to consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 You should carefully read the following risk factors in connection with evaluating us and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business or our consolidated operating results, financial condition or cash flows, which, in turn, could cause the price of our common stock to decline. The risk factors described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks we face. Factors we currently do not know, factors that we currently consider immaterial or factors that are not specific to us, such as general economic conditions, may also materially adversely affect our business or our consolidated operating results, financial condition or cash flows. The risk factors described below qualify all forward-looking statements we make, including forward-looking statements within this section entitled Risk Factors. 
 
 To develop and prioritize the following risk factors, we review risks to our business that are informed by our formal Enterprise Risk Management program, industry trends, the external market and financial environment as well as dialogue with leaders throughout our organization. Our risk factor descriptions are intended to convey our assessment of each applicable risk and such assessments are integrated into our strategic and operational planning. 
 
 Risk Factors that May Affect the Demand for Our Services 
 The widespread outbreak of illness or other public health crisis could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 
 We could be negatively affected by the widespread outbreak of an illness or any other public health crisis. The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the global economy and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. 
 
 Demand for our staffing services and workforce technology solutions fluctuated over the course of the COVID-19 pandemic. Initially, in 2020, demand for some temporary healthcare professionals and services decreased as the demand for non-essential and elective healthcare was initially negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. During 2021, demand for nurse and allied healthcare professionals reached record highs and throughout 2021 and 2022 demand for most other types of healthcare professionals we work with returned to and has remained above pre-pandemic levels. However, if new variants emerge or an outbreak of a different illness emerges, demand may again decrease. As the pandemic has subsided, demand and bill rates, especially in our nurse and allied solutions businesses, have fluctuated from the levels seen during the pandemic. We 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 expect this decrease in demand will have a negative impact on our revenue, financial condition, and results of operations. However, we are unable to predict the duration and extent to which demand for our services could be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or could be negatively impacted as the pandemic subsides. 
 In addition, the significant level of individuals who left the workforce, changed jobs and/or entered the gig workforce over the last two years may cause an increase in under- and uninsured patients, which generally results in a reduction in overall healthcare utilization and a decrease in demand for our services. We are unable to predict the duration and extent to which our businesses could be negatively impacted by this shift in the labor market. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted, and any other future outbreak of illness or other public health crises or reemergence or future strain of COVID-19 may also disrupt, our operations due to the unavailability of our corporate team members or healthcare professionals due to illness, risk of illness, quarantines, travel restrictions, vaccine mandates or other factors that limit our existing or potential workforce and pool of candidates. In addition, we have and may in the future experience negative financial effects related to the COVID-19 pandemic due to higher workers compensation and health insurance costs, for which we are largely self-insured, and payroll costs associated with quarantine of our healthcare professionals. We may also be subject to claims regarding the health and safety of our healthcare professionals and our corporate team members. 
 The economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the financial condition of many hospitals and healthcare systems. Our clients are facing cost pressures and in turn are looking to decrease expenses, including for contingent labor and other services. Demand for our services may be impacted by these cost pressures and we may be subject to claims from these clients relating to the ability to provide services under terms and conditions that they believe are fair and reasonable. 
 
 The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of COVID-19. Additionally, outbreaks of illness or public health crises other than COVID-19 could occur and may have similar or even more significant impact on our business. 
 
 Economic downturns, inflation and slow recoveries could result in less demand from clients and pricing pressure that could negatively impact our financial condition. 
 Demand for staffing services is sensitive to changes in economic activity. Many healthcare facilities utilize temporary healthcare professionals to accommodate an increase in hospital admissions. Conversely, when hospital admissions decrease in economic downturns or periods of high inflation, due to reduced consumer spending, the demand for our temporary healthcare professionals typically declines. 
 As economic activity slows, hospitals and other healthcare entities typically experience decreased attrition and reduce their use of temporary employees before undertaking layoffs of their regular employees, which results in decreased demand for many of our service offerings. In times of economic downturn and inflation, permanent full-time and part-time healthcare facility staff are generally inclined to work more hours and overtime, resulting in fewer available vacancies and less demand for our services. Fewer placement opportunities for our temporary clinicians, physicians and leaders also impairs our ability to recruit and place them both on a temporary and permanent basis. This may have an even greater negative effect on demand for physicians in certain specialties such as surgery, radiology and anesthesiology. In addition, we may experience pricing pressure during periods of decreased patient occupancy and hospital admissions, negatively affecting our revenue and profitability. 
 
 During challenging economic times or in the event of a reduction or elimination of government assistance, our clients, in particular those that rely on government funding, may face reduced demand for their services, reduced revenue, and issues gaining access to sufficient credit, which has resulted in and could in the future result in an impairment or further impairment of their ability to make payments to us, timely or otherwise, for services rendered. If that were to occur, we may further increase our allowance for expected credit losses and our days sales outstanding would be negatively affected. 
 
 If we are unable to anticipate and quickly respond to changing marketplace conditions, such as alternative modes of healthcare delivery, reimbursement and client needs, we may not remain competitive. 
 Patient delivery settings continue to evolve, giving rise to alternative modes of healthcare delivery, such as retail medicine, telemedicine and home health. In addition, changes in reimbursement models and government mandates are also impacting the healthcare environments. 
 
 Our success depends upon our ability to develop innovative workforce solutions, quickly adapt to changing marketplace conditions, such as reimbursement changes, and evolving client needs, comply with new federal or state regulations and differentiate our services and abilities from those of our competitors. The markets in which we compete are highly competitive, and our competitors may respond more quickly to new or emerging client needs and marketplace conditions. The development 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 of new service lines and business models requires close attention to emerging trends and proposed federal and state legislation related to the healthcare industry. If we are unable to anticipate changing marketplace conditions, adapt our current business model to adequately meet changing conditions in the healthcare industry and develop and successfully implement innovative services, we may not remain competitive. 
 
 Consolidation of healthcare delivery organizations could negatively affect pricing of our services and increase our concentration risk. 
 
 Consolidation of healthcare delivery organizations provides them with greater leverage in negotiating pricing for services. Consolidations may also result in us losing our ability to work with certain clients because the party acquiring or consolidating with our client may have a previously established service provider they elect to maintain. In addition, our clients may increase their use of intermediaries such as vendor management service companies and group purchasing organizations that may enhance their bargaining power or clients with a larger network of healthcare professionals may develop their own temporary staffing models. These dynamics each separately or together could negatively affect pricing for our services and our ability to maintain certain clients. 
 
 Hospital concentration coupled with our success in winning managed services contracts means our revenues from some larger health systems have grown and may continue to grow substantially relative to our other revenue sources. For example, Kaiser Foundation Hospitals (and its affiliates) (collectively, Kaiser comprised approximately 18 of our consolidated revenue in 2022. If we were to lose Kaiser as a client or were unable to provide a significant amount of services to Kaiser, whether directly or as a subcontractor, such loss may have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Intermediary organizations may impede our ability to secure new and profitable contracts with our clients. 
 
 Our business depends upon our ability to maintain our existing contracts and secure new, profitable contracts. Outside of our managed services contracts, our client contracts are not typically exclusive and our clients are generally free to offer temporary staffing assignments to our competitors. Additionally, our clients may choose to purchase these services through intermediaries such as group purchasing organizations or competitors offering MSP services, with whom we establish relationships in order to continue to provide our staffing services to certain healthcare facilities. These intermediaries may negatively affect our ability to obtain new clients and maintain our existing client relationships by impeding our ability to access and contract directly with clients and may also negatively affect the profitability of these client relationships. In addition, our inability to establish relationships with these intermediaries may result in us losing our ability to work with certain healthcare facilities. 
 
 The ability of our clients to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of their staffing management and recruiting efforts may affect the demand for our services that could negatively affect our business. 
 
 If our clients are able to increase the effectiveness of their staffing and recruitment functions through analytics, automation or otherwise, their need for our services may decline. With the advent of technology and more sophisticated staffing management and recruitment processes, including internal travel and other healthcare staffing models, clients may be able to successfully increase the efficiency and effectiveness of their internal staffing management and recruiting efforts, through more effective planning and analytic tools, internet- or social media-based recruiting or otherwise. Such new technologies and processes could reduce the demand for our services, which could negatively affect our business. 
 
 The repeal or significant erosion of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ACA without a corresponding replacement may negatively affect the demand for our services. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 In 2010, the adoption of the ACA brought significant reforms to the health care system that included, among other things, a requirement that all individuals have health insurance (with limited exceptions). As a result of the ACA, the uninsured population has declined significantly. If there is a rollback of aspects of the ACA, such as Medicaid expansion, it may lead to a reduction in demand for healthcare services and the demand for our services may decline. 
 
 Regulatory and Legal Risk Factors 
 Investigations, claims and legal proceedings alleging medical malpractice, anti-competitive conduct, violations of employment, privacy and wage regulations and other theories of liability asserted against us could subject us to substantial liabilities. 
 
 Like all employers, we must also comply with various laws and regulations relating to employment and pay practices and from time to time may be subject to individual and class action lawsuits related to alleged wage and hour violations under California and Federal law. We are subject to possible claims alleging discrimination, sexual harassment and other similar activities in which we or our hospital and healthcare facility clients and their agents have allegedly engaged. We are also subject to examination of our payroll practices from various federal and state taxation authorities from time to time. While we believe that our employment and pay practices materially comply with relevant laws and regulations, interpretations of these laws change. Because of the nature of our business, the impact of these employment and payroll laws and regulations may have a more pronounced effect on our business. There is a risk that we could be subject to payment of significant additional wages, insurance and employment, and payroll-related taxes and sizeable statutory penalties negatively impacting our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. These laws and regulations may also impede our ability to grow the size and profitability of our operations. In addition, our involvement in these matters and any related adverse rulings may result in increased costs and expenses, cause us from time to time to significantly increase our legal accruals and/or modify our pay practices, all of which would likely have an adverse impact on our financial performance and profitability. 
 
 We, along with our clients and healthcare professionals, are subject to investigations, claims and legal actions alleging malpractice or related legal theories. At times, plaintiffs name us in these lawsuits and actions regardless of our contractual obligations, the competency of the healthcare professionals, the standard of care provided by the healthcare professionals, the quality of service that we provided or our actions. In certain instances, we are contractually required to indemnify our clients against some or all of these potential legal actions. 
 
 The size and nature of our business requires us to collect substantial personal information of healthcare professionals and other team members that is subject to a myriad of privacy-related laws from multiple jurisdictions that regulate the use and disclosure of such information. In addition, many of our healthcare professionals have access to client proprietary information systems and patient confidential information. We may be required to incur significant costs to comply with mandatory privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards or contractual obligations with our clients. In addition, an inherent risk of the collection and access to such information includes possible claims from unintentional or intentional misuse, disclosure or use of this information. Such claims may result in negative publicity, injunctive relief, criminal investigations or charges, civil litigation, payment by us of monetary damages or fines, or other adverse effects on our business, which may be material. 
 
 We are also subject to certain laws and regulations applicable to recruitment and employment placement agencies with which we must comply in order to continue to conduct business in that specific state. 
 
 As we grow and increase our leadership position, we are at greater risk for anti-competitive conduct claims and investigations, such as violation of federal and state antitrust laws, unfair business practices and price-gouging. An environment of high-demand for healthcare staffing support coupled with the healthcare labor shortage, especially with respect to nurse and allied healthcare professionals, has led and may continue to lead to higher wages for healthcare professionals and higher costs to our clients for healthcare staffing. This may lead to claims and investigations into pricing and competitive conduct in the healthcare staffing industry. While we believe that our business practices, including pricing and competitive conduct, comply with all applicable laws and regulations, we may nonetheless be subject to inquiries, claims or investigations which could negatively impact our reputation and business. 
 
 We maintain various types of insurance coverage for many types of claims, including professional liability, errors and omissions, employment practices and cyber, through commercial insurance carriers and a wholly-owned captive insurance company and for other claims such as wage and hour practices and competition actions, we are uninsured. The cost of defending such claims, even if groundless, could be substantial and the associated negative publicity could adversely affect our ability to attract, retain and place qualified employees and healthcare professionals in the future. We may also experience increased insurance premiums and retention and deductible accruals that we may not be able to pass on to our clients, thereby 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 reducing our profitability. Moreover, our insurance coverage and reserve accruals may not be sufficient to cover all claims against us. 
 
 We are subject to federal and state healthcare industry regulation including conduct of operations, costs and payment for services and payment for referrals as well as laws regarding government contracting. 
 
 The healthcare industry is subject to extensive and complex federal and state laws and regulations related to conduct of operations, costs and payment for services and payment for referrals. We provide talent solutions and technologies on a contract basis to our clients, who pay us directly. Accordingly, Medicare, Medicaid and insurance reimbursement policy changes generally do not directly impact us. Nevertheless, reimbursement changes in government programs, particularly Medicare and Medicaid, can and do indirectly affect the demand and the prices paid for our services. For example, our clients could receive reduced or no reimbursements because of a change in the rates or conditions set by federal or state governments that would negatively affect the demand and the prices for our services. Moreover, our hospital, healthcare facility and physician practice group clients could suffer civil and criminal penalties, and be excluded from participating in Medicare, Medicaid and other healthcare programs for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations that may negatively affect our profitability. 
 
 A portion of our hospital and healthcare facility clients are state and federal government agencies, where our ability to compete for new contracts and orders, and the profitability of these contracts and orders, may be affected by government legislation, regulation or policy. Additionally, in providing services to state and federal government clients and to clients who participate in state and federal programs, we are also subject to specific laws and regulations, which government agencies have broad latitude to enforce. If we were to be excluded from participation in these programs or should there be regulatory or policy changes or modification of application of existing regulations adverse to us, it would likely materially adversely affect our brand, business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are also subject to certain state laws and regulations applicable to nursing pools with which we must comply in order to continue to conduct business in that particular state. Increased regulation relating to healthcare staffing agencies has increased the operational and administrative requirements and increased the cost to provide various of our services in certain states. If regulation of our services continues to increase it could have a negative impact on our ability to profitably provide services in some states. We may also be subject to state laws that impose caps or other limitations on amounts that may be charged to clients for certain types of healthcare staffing, which in turn impacts the wages paid to healthcare professionals and may impact our ability to attract healthcare professionals to assignments in these states. In addition, it is generally our practice to pass along the increased costs associated with higher wages for healthcare professionals on to our clients. If new or additional caps or other price limitations were imposed that prevented us from passing these increased costs on or if the amount that we were able to pass on to our clients, it would likely have an adverse impact on our financial performance and profitability. 
 
 The challenge to the classification of certain of our healthcare professionals as independent contractors could adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 Historically, we have treated our locum tenens, which include physicians and certain advanced practitioners, such as certified nurse anesthetists, nurse practitioners and physician assistants, as independent contractors. Certain state laws regarding classification of independent contractors have been modified in the past few years and as a result, we have altered our classification of certain locum tenens providers in certain instances. Other states and/or the Federal government may choose to adopt similar restrictions that may require us to expand our employee classifications for locum tenens. If this occurs, it could increase our employee costs and expenses and could negatively impact our profitability. 
 
 In addition, Federal or state taxing authorities may take the position that locum tenens are employees exposing us to additional wage and insurance claims and employment and payroll-related taxes. A reclassification of our locum tenens to employees from independent contractors could result in liability that would have a significant negative impact on our profitability for the period in which such reclassification was implemented, and would require changes to our payroll and related business processes, which could be costly. In addition, many states have laws that prohibit non-physician owned companies from employing physicians, referred to as the corporate practice of medicine. If our independent contractor physicians were classified as employees in states that prohibit the corporate practice of medicine, we may be prohibited from conducting our locum tenens staffing business in those states under our current business model, which may have a substantial negative effect on our revenue, results of operations and profitability. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factors Related to Our Operations, Personnel and Information Systems 
 
 If we do not continue to recruit and retain sufficient quality healthcare professionals at reasonable costs, it could increase our operating costs and negatively affect our business and our profitability. 
 We rely significantly on our ability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of healthcare professionals who possess the skills, experience and licenses necessary to meet the requirements of our clients. With rising clinician burnout rates resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, an ongoing shortage of certain qualified nurses and physicians in many areas of the United States and low unemployment rates for nurses and physicians, competition for the hiring of these professionals remains intense. Our ability to recruit temporary and permanent healthcare professionals may be exacerbated by continued low levels of unemployment. 
 We compete with healthcare staffing companies, recruitment and placement agencies, including online staffing and recruitment agencies, and with hospitals, healthcare facilities and physician practice groups to attract healthcare professionals based on the quantity, diversity and quality of assignments offered, compensation packages, the benefits that we provide and speed and quality of our service. We rely on our human capital intensive, relationship-oriented approach and national infrastructure to enable us to compete in all aspects of our business. We must continually evaluate and expand our healthcare professional network to serve the needs of our clients. 
 
 The costs of recruitment of quality healthcare professionals and providing them with competitive compensation packages may be higher than we anticipate, or we may be unable to pass these costs on to our hospital and healthcare facility clients, which may reduce our profitability. Moreover, if we are unable to recruit temporary and permanent healthcare professionals, our service execution may deteriorate and, as a result, we could lose clients or not meet our service level agreements with these clients that have negative financial repercussions. 
 
 Our inability to implement new infrastructure and technology systems and technology disruptions may adversely affect our operating results and ability to manage our business effectively. 
 
 We have technology, operations and human capital infrastructures to support our existing business. Our ability to deliver services to our clients and to manage our commercial technologies, internal systems and data depends largely upon our access to and the performance of our management information and communications systems, including our SaaS-based solutions, client relationship management systems and client/healthcare professional-facing self-service websites. These technology systems also maintain accounting and financial information upon which we depend to fulfill our financial reporting obligations. We must continue to invest in this infrastructure to support our growth, enhance our management and utilization of data and improve our efficiency. 
 
 Upgrading current systems and implementing new systems is costly and involves inherent risks, including loss of information, disruption to our normal operations, changes in accounting procedures and internal control over financial reporting, as well as problems achieving accuracy in the conversion of electronic data. Failure to properly or adequately address these issues could result in increased costs, loss of clients, healthcare professionals and talent, the diversion of management s and employees attention and resources and could materially adversely affect our growth, financial and operating results, internal controls over financial reporting and ability to manage our business effectively. 
 
 Additionally, the current legacy systems are subject to other non-environmental risks, including technological obsolescence for which there may not be sufficient redundancy or backup. These systems, and our access to these systems, are not impervious to floods, fire, storms, or other natural disasters, or service interruptions. There also is a potential for intentional and deliberate attacks to our systems, including ransomware, that may lead to service interruptions, data corruption, data theft or data unavailability. If our current or planned systems do not adequately support our operations, are damaged or disrupted or if we are unable to replace, repair, maintain or expand them, it may adversely affect our business operations and our profitability. 
 
 Our business could be harmed if we fail to further develop and evolve our current talent solutions technology offerings and capabilities. 
 
 To achieve our strategic objectives and to remain competitive, we must continue to develop and enhance our talent solutions technology offerings and capabilities. This may require the acquisition of equipment and software and the development of new proprietary software and capabilities, either internally or through independent consultants, which may require significant investment of capital. If we are unable to design, develop, acquire, implement and utilize, in a cost-effective manner, technology and information systems that provide the capabilities necessary for us to compete effectively, or for any 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 reason any interruption or loss of our information processing capabilities occurs, this could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Disruption to or failures of our SaaS-based or technology-enabled services, or our inability to adequately protect our intellectual property rights with respect to such technologies, could reduce client satisfaction, harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 
 The performance, reliability and security of our technology-enabled services, including our language interpretation services and SaaS-based technologies, such as AMN Language Services, ShiftWise, Medefis, b4health, Avantas Smart Square, Silversheet and Synzi are critical to such offerings operations, reputation and ability to attract new clients. Some of our clients rely on our SaaS-based technologies to perform certain of their operational functions. Accordingly, any degradation, errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our SaaS-based technologies could damage our or our clients operations and reputations and negatively affect our business. If any of these problems occur, our clients may, among other things, terminate their agreements with us or make indemnification or other claims against us, which may also negatively affect us. 
 
 Additionally, if we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately with respect to our SaaS-based technologies, our competitors might gain access to it, and our business might be harmed. Moreover, if any of our intellectual property rights associated with our SaaS-based technologies are challenged by others or invalidated through litigation, defending our intellectual property rights might also entail significant expense. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using or infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property with respect to our SaaS-based technologies, which may negatively affect our business as it relates to our SaaS-based and technology-enabled service offerings. 
 
 Security breaches and cybersecurity incidents could compromise our information and systems adversely affecting our business operations and reputation subject us to substantial liabilities. 
 
 Security breaches, including cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. These incidents can include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, ransomware attacks, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, such as our proprietary business information and that of our clients as well as personally identifiable information of our healthcare professionals and team members, including full names, social security numbers, addresses, birth dates and payroll-related information, in our data centers, on our networks and in hosted SaaS-based solutions provided by third parties. Our employees and third-party vendors may also have access to, receive and use personal health information in the ordinary course of our business. The secure access to, processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. 
 
 Despite our security measures and business controls, our information technology and infrastructure, including the third party SaaS-based technology in which we store personally identifiable information and other sensitive information of our healthcare professionals may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers, breached due to third-party vendor and/or employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions such as ransomware or subject to the inadvertent or intentional unauthorized release of information. The Company has experienced cyber threats resulting in immaterial cyber incidents and expects cyber threats to continue with varying levels of sophistication. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these incidents or techniques, timely discover them, or implement adequate preventative measures. Our information technology and other security protocols may not provide sufficient protection, and as a result a security reach could compromise our networks and significant information about us, our employees, healthcare professionals, patients or clients may be accessed, disclosed, lost or stolen. In a situation such as ransomware attack, our access to critical business information and ability to conduct business may be interrupted or impaired. 
 
 Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could (1) result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information and regulatory penalties, (2) disrupt our operations and the services we provide to our clients and (3) damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our profitability, revenue and competitive position. 
 
 The inability to quickly and properly credential and match quality healthcare professionals with suitable placements may negatively affect demand for our services. 
 
 Our success depends on the quality of our healthcare professionals and our ability to quickly and efficiently assist in obtaining licenses and privileges for our healthcare professionals. The speed with which our healthcare professionals can obtain 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 the appropriate licenses, and we can credential them depends in part, on state licensing laws. Roughly 35 states are part of the Enhanced Nurse Compact and over 20 states are part of the Physical Therapy Licensure Compact and Interstate Medical Compact Acts. A decline or change in interstate compact laws can impact our business. 
 
 Our ability to ensure the quality of our healthcare professionals also relies heavily on the effectiveness of our data and communication systems as well as properly trained and competent team members that credential and match healthcare professionals in suitable placements and third-party vendors that provide ancillary services. We also rely on the accuracy and credibility of information provided by licensing bodies and educational institutions. An inability to properly credential, match, and monitor healthcare professionals for acceptable credentials, experience and performance may cause clients to lose confidence in our services that may damage our brand and reputation and result in clients opting to utilize competitors services or rely on their own internal resources. The costs and speed with which we provide these credentialing services impact the revenue and profitability of our business. 
 
 Our operations may deteriorate if we are unable to continue to attract, develop and retain our sales and operations team members. 
 
 Our success depends heavily upon the recruitment, performance and retention of diverse sales and operations team members who share our values, passion and commitment to customer focus. The number of individuals who meet our qualifications for these positions is limited, and we may experience difficulty in attracting qualified candidates, especially as we diversify our offerings and our business becomes more complex. In addition, we commit substantial resources to the training, development and support of our team members. Competition for qualified sales and operational team members in the line of business in which we operate is strong, and we may not be able to retain a sufficient number of team members after we have expended the time and expense to recruit and train them. In addition, these team members may leave to establish competing businesses. 
 
 We are increasingly dependent on third parties for the execution of certain critical functions. 
 
 We have outsourced and offshored certain critical applications or business processes to external providers, including cloud-based, credentialing and data processing services. We exercise care in the selection and oversight of these providers. However, the failure or inability to perform or adhere to law, regulation and our policies on the part of one or more of these critical suppliers or perform the services in a timely manner could cause significant disruptions and increased costs to our business as well as reputational damage. 
 
 The loss of key officers and management personnel could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 We believe that the success of our business strategy and our ability to maintain our recent levels of profitability depends on the continued employment of our senior executive team. All of our executive officers are employees at will with standard severance agreements. If members of our executive team become unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 Our inability to maintain our positive brand awareness and identity may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We have invested substantial amounts in acquiring, developing and maintaining our brands, and our success depends on our ability to maintain positive brand awareness across business lines and effectively build up or consolidate our brand awareness and image for new services. Many of our brands have strong recognition within their applicable markets. We cannot assure that additional expenditures, our continuing commitment to marketing and improving our brands and executing on our brand and marketing strategies, including changes in brand names, consolidation of brands, or other rebranding efforts to improve the association of our brands with one another, will have the desired effect on our brands value and may adversely affect our results of operations and also result in an impairment of the fair market value of intangible assets associated with acquired tradenames. In addition, our brands may suffer reputational damage that could negatively affect our short- and long-term financial results. The poor performance, reputation or negative conduct of competitors may have a spillover effect adversely affecting the industry and our brand. 
 
 Our inability to consummate and effectively incorporate acquisitions into our business operations may adversely affect our long-term growth and our results of operations. 
 We invest time and resources in carefully assessing opportunities for acquisitions, and acquisitions are a key component of our growth strategy. We have made acquisitions in the past several years to broaden the scope and depth of our talent solutions. If we are unable to consummate additional acquisitions, we may not achieve our long-term growth goals. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Despite diligence and integration planning, acquisitions still present certain risks, including the time and economic costs of integrating an acquisition s technology, control and financial systems, unforeseen liabilities, and the difficulties in bringing together different work cultures and personnel. Difficulties in integrating our acquisitions, including attracting and retaining talent to grow and manage these acquired businesses, may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Businesses we acquire may have liabilities or adverse operating issues which could harm our operating results . 
 
 Businesses we acquire may have liabilities or adverse operating issues, or both, that we either fail to discover through due diligence or underestimate prior to the consummation of the acquisition. These liabilities and/or issues may include the acquired business failure to comply with, or other violations of, applicable laws, rules, or regulations or contractual or other obligations or liabilities. As the successor owner, we may be financially responsible for, and may suffer harm to our reputation or otherwise be adversely affected by, such liabilities and/or issues. These and any other costs, liabilities, issues, and/or disruptions associated with any past or future acquisitions could harm our reputation and operating results. 
 
 In addition, future acquisitions are accompanied by the risk that the obligations and liabilities of an acquired company may not be adequately reflected in the historical financial statements of that company and the risk that those historical financial statements may be based on assumptions that are incorrect or inconsistent with our assumptions or approach to accounting policies. Any of these material obligations, liabilities or incorrect or inconsistent assumptions could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 As we develop new services and clients, enter new lines of business, and focus more of our business on providing a full range of talent solutions, the demands on our business and our operating risks may increase. 
 
 As part of our strategy, we plan to extend our services to new healthcare settings, clients, and new lines of business. As we focus on developing new services, capabilities, clients, practice areas and lines of business, and engage in business in new geographic locations, our operations may be exposed to additional as well as enhanced risks. 
 
 In particular, our growth efforts place substantial additional demands on our management and other team members, as well as on our information, financial, administrative, compliance and operational systems. We may not be able to manage these demands successfully. Growth may require increased recruiting efforts, increased regulatory and compliance efforts, increased business development, selling, marketing and other actions that are expensive and entail increased risk. We may need to invest more in our people and systems, controls, compliance efforts, policies and procedures than we anticipate. As our business continues to evolve and we provide a wider range of services, we will become increasingly dependent upon our employees, particularly those operating in business environments less familiar to us. Failure to identify, hire, train and retain talented employees who share our values could have a negative effect on our reputation and our business. 
 
 The demands that our current and future growth place on our people and systems, controls, compliance efforts, policies and procedures may exceed the benefits of such growth, and our operating results may suffer, at least in the short-term, and perhaps in the long-term. 
 
 The use of social media platforms presents risks and challenges that can cause damage to our brand and reputation. 
 
 The extensive use of social media platforms, including blogs, social media websites and other forms of internet-communication in our industry allows access to a broad audience of interested parties. The inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of certain media vehicles by our clients, vendors, employees and contractors could increase costs, cause damage to our brand, or result in information leakage that could lead to legal implications, including improper collection and/or dissemination of personally identifiable information of candidates and clients. In addition, negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social networking website could damage our reputation, brand image and goodwill. 
 
 We maintain a substantial amount of goodwill and intangible assets on our balance sheet that may decrease our earnings or increase our losses if we recognize an impairment to goodwill or intangible assets. 
 
 We maintain goodwill on our balance sheet, which represents the excess of the total purchase price of our acquisitions over the fair value of the net assets and intangible assets we acquired. We evaluate goodwill and intangible assets for impairment annually or when evidence of potential impairment exists, respectively. If we identify an impairment, we record a charge to earnings. An impairment charge to goodwill or intangible assets would decrease our earnings or increase our losses, as the case may be. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factors Related to Our Indebtedness and Other Liabilities 
 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, and expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of any variable rate debt. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness, net of unamortized fees and premium, equaled 843.5 million. Our amount of indebtedness could increase our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments, including: 
 
 requiring a portion of our cash flows from operations to be dedicated to the payment of our indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flows to fund operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities, 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, 
 restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures, 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product and service development, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes, and 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less leveraged and who, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our indebtedness may prevent us from pursuing. 
 
 Our ability to service our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We cannot provide assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. Additionally, if we are not in compliance with the covenants and obligations under our debt instruments, we would be in default, and the lenders could call the debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. And in certain instances, our debt instruments may limit our ability to redeem or prepay some or all of the outstanding principal amount prior to maturity, or in other instances, require the payment of premium in excess of the principal amount. 
 
 The terms of our debt instruments impose restrictions on us that may affect our ability to successfully operate our business. 
 Our debt instruments contain various covenants that could adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs and to engage in other business activities that may be in our best interest. These covenants limit our ability to, among other things: 
 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred equity, 
 pay dividends on, redeem, repurchase, or make distributions in respect of our capital stock, prepay, redeem, or repurchase certain debt or make other restricted payments, 
 make certain investments, 
 create, or permit to exist, certain liens, 
 sell assets, 
 enter into sale/leaseback transactions, 
 enter into agreements restricting restricted subsidiaries ability to pay dividends or make other payments, 
 consolidate, merge, sell, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, 
 enter into certain transactions with affiliates, and 
 designate restricted subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 
 Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, such as prevailing economic conditions and changes in regulations, and if such events occur, we cannot be sure that we will be able to comply. A breach of these covenants could result in a default under our debt instruments and, in the case of our senior credit facility under our credit agreement, permit the lenders thereunder to cease making loans to us. If there were an event of default under any of our debt instruments, holders of such defaulted debt could cause all amounts borrowed under the applicable instrument to be due and payable immediately. Our assets or cash flow may not be sufficient to repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments in the event of a default thereunder. 
 In addition, the restrictive covenants in our credit agreement require us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy other financial condition tests. Although we were in compliance with the financial ratios and financial condition tests set forth in our credit agreement on December 31, 2022, we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to be. Our ability to meet 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 those financial ratios and tests will depend on our ongoing financial and operating performance, which, in turn, will be subject to economic conditions and to financial, market, and competitive factors, many of which are beyond our control. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreement (and our other debt instruments to the extent the default triggers a cross default provision) and, in the case of the revolver under our credit agreement, permit the lenders thereunder to cease making loans to us. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the credit agreement, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. Such action by the lenders could cause cross-defaults under our other debt instruments. 
 Variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 
 Borrowings under our credit agreement are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. As interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on certain of our variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same. In addition, on March 5, 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that 1-week and 2-week USD LIBOR will cease publication after December 31, 2021, and that 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 1-year USD LIBOR will cease publication after June 30, 2023. As a result, we have transitioned to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR in the third amendment to our credit agreement. 
 
 We have substantial insurance-related accruals and legal accruals on our balance sheet, and any significant adverse adjustments may decrease our earnings or increase our losses and negatively impact our cash flows. 
 
 We maintain accruals related to legal matters, our captive insurance company and self-insured retentions for various lines of insurance coverage, including professional liability, employment practices, health insurance and workers compensation on our balance sheet. We determine the adequacy of our accruals by evaluating legal matters, our historical experience and trends, related to both insurance claims and payments, information provided to us by our insurance brokers, attorneys, third-party administrators and actuarial firms as well as industry experience and trends. If such information collectively indicates that our accruals are understated, we provide for additional accruals; a significant increase to these accruals would decrease our earnings. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 We lease all of our properties, which consist of office-type facilities. We believe that our leased space is adequate for our current needs and that we can obtain adequate space to meet our foreseeable business needs. We have pledged substantially all of our leasehold interests to our lenders under our credit agreement to secure our obligations thereunder. We set forth below our principal leased office spaces as of December 31, 2022 together with our business segments that utilize them: Location Square Feet Dallas, Texas (all segments) 108,502 San Diego, California (all segments) 51,002 
 
 See additional information in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (5), Leases. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (12), Commitments and Contingencies, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AMN. As of February 20, 2023, there were 18 stockholders of record of our common stock, one of which was Cede Co., a nominee for The Depository Trust Company. All of our common stock held by brokerage firms, banks and other financial institutions as nominees for beneficial owners are considered to be held of record by Cede Co., which is considered to be one stockholder of record. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Because such shares are held on behalf of stockholders, and not by the stockholders directly, and because a stockholder can have multiple positions with different brokerage firms, banks and other financial institutions, we are unable to determine the total number of stockholders we have without undue burden and expense. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 
 From time to time, we may repurchase our common stock in the open market pursuant to programs approved by our board of directors (the Board ). We may repurchase our common stock for a variety of reasons, such as acquiring shares to offset dilution related to equity-based incentives and optimizing our capital structure. On November 1, 2016, the Board authorized us to repurchase up to 150.0 million of our outstanding common stock in the open market. On November 10, 2021, February 17, 2022 and June 15, 2022, we announced increases to the repurchase program totaling 700.0 million for a total of 850.0 million of repurchase authorization as of December 31, 2022. Under the repurchase program announced on November 1, 2016 and the aforementioned increases (collectively, the Company Repurchase Program ), share repurchases may be made from time to time, depending on prevailing market conditions and other considerations. The Company Repurchase Program has no expiration date and may be discontinued or suspended at any time. Additionally, we or our affiliates may, at any time and from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity or debt, in open-market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will be upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have repurchased 8.2 million shares of our common stock at an average price of 84.85 per share excluding broker s fees, resulting in an aggregate purchase price of 698.6 million, since 2016. During 2022, we repurchased 5.6 million shares of common stock at an average price of 102.16 per share excluding broker s fees, resulting in an aggregate purchase price of 576.8 million. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (10)(b), Capital Stock Treasury Stock. The following table presents the detail of shares repurchased during 2022. All share repurchases to date were made under the Company Repurchase Program, which is the only repurchase program of the Company currently in effect. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Period Total 
 Number of 
 Shares (or 
 Units) 
 Purchased 
 Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Maximum Dollar Value of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program January 1 - 31, 2022 690,783 97.98 690,783 110,467,685 February 1 - 28, 2022 648,346 99.67 648,346 345,825,167 March 1 - 31, 2022 958,545 99.79 958,545 250,144,621 April 1 - 30, 2022 104,843 101.59 104,843 239,490,711 May 1 - 31, 2022 1,771,240 92.12 1,771,240 76,278,235 June 1 - 30, 2022 0.00 326,278,235 July 1 - 31, 2022 0.00 326,278,235 August 1 - 31, 2022 0.00 326,278,235 September 1 - 30, 2022 0.00 326,278,235 October 1 - 31, 2022 0.00 326,278,235 November 1 - 30, 2022 1,006,756 119.76 1,006,756 205,682,254 December 1 - 31, 2022 463,774 117.01 463,774 151,402,100 Total 5,644,287 102.16 5,644,287 151,402,100 
 
 We have not paid any dividends on our common stock in the past and currently do not expect to pay cash dividends or make any other distributions on common stock in the future. We expect to retain our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business, to pay down debt and potentially for share repurchases. Any future determination to pay dividends on common stock will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the Board deems relevant. In addition, our ability to declare and pay dividends on our common stock is subject to covenants restricting such actions in the instruments governing our debt. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (8), Notes Payable and Credit Agreement. 
 
 The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the table set forth in Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed with the SEC or subject to Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any of our filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 
 The graph below compares the total return on our common stock with the total return of (i) the NYSE Composite Index, (ii) the Russell 2000 Index, (iii) the Dow Jones US Business Training Employment Agencies Index BTEA ), and (iv) the S P Healthcare Services Select Industry Index SPSIHP ), assuming an investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and the stocks comprising the NYSE Composite Index, the Russell 2000 Index, the BTEA, and the SPSIHP, respectively. 
 The Russell 2000 Index and the SPSIHP have been added to the performance graph for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and we plan to include them in future filings. The Russell 2000 Index is a widely used broad-based market index that we believe more accurately represents companies of comparable market capitalization. Additionally, we believe that the SPSIHP is a more accurate representation of a published industry index that includes companies engaged in businesses similar to ours. Accordingly, we plan to discontinue the use of the NYSE Composite Index and the BTEA in future filings. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. 100.00 115.05 126.52 138.58 248.39 208.77 NYSE Composite 100.00 91.05 114.28 122.26 147.54 133.75 Russell 2000 100.00 88.99 111.70 134.00 153.85 122.41 BTEA 100.00 74.61 94.22 99.70 136.41 94.30 SPSIHP 100.00 103.02 122.78 164.29 180.72 145.15 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s 
 
 You should read the following discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are forward-looking statements. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements under Item 1, Business. We intend this MD A section to provide you with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. The following sections comprise this MD A: 
 
 Overview of Our Business 
 Operating Metrics 
 Recent Trends 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Overview of Our Business 
 
 We provide healthcare workforce solutions and staffing services to healthcare facilities across the nation. As an innovative total talent solutions partner, our managed services programs, or MSP, vendor management systems, or VMS, workforce consulting services, predictive modeling, staff scheduling, telehealth services, credentialing services, revenue cycle solutions, language interpretation services and the placement of physicians, nurses, allied healthcare professionals and healthcare leaders into temporary and permanent positions enable our clients to successfully reduce staffing complexity, increase efficiency and lead their organizations within the rapidly evolving healthcare environment. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded revenue of 5,243.2 million, as compared to 3,984.2 million for 2021. We recorded net income of 444.1 million for 2022, as compared to 327.4 million for 2021. Nurse and allied solutions segment revenue comprised 76 and 75 of total consolidated revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Physician and leadership solutions segment revenue comprised 13 and 15 of total consolidated revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Technology and workforce solutions segment revenue comprised 11 and 10 of total consolidated revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For a description of the services we provide under each of our business segments, please see, Item 1. Business Our Services. 
 We believe we are recognized as the market-leading innovator in providing healthcare talent solutions in the United States. We seek to advance our market-leading position through a number of strategies that focus on market penetration, expansion of our talent solutions, increasing operational efficiency and scalability and increasing our supply of qualified healthcare professionals. Our market growth strategy continues to focus on broadening and investing, both organically and through strategic acquisitions, in service and technology offerings beyond our traditional temporary staffing and permanent placement services, to include more strategic and recurring revenue sources from innovative talent solutions offerings such as MSP, VMS, credentialing, workforce optimization service, and other technology-enabled services. We also seek strategic opportunities to expand into complementary service offerings to our staffing businesses that leverage our core capabilities of recruiting and credentialing healthcare professionals. 
 As part of our long-term growth strategy to add value for our clients, healthcare professionals, and stockholders, on May 13, 2022, April 7, 2021, and February 14, 2020, we acquired Connetics, Synzi (including its wholly-owned subsidiary SnapMD), and Stratus Video (which we have since rebranded as AMN Language Services), respectively. Connetics specializes in the direct hire recruitment and permanent placement of international nurse and allied health professionals with healthcare facilities in the United States. See additional information in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (2), Acquisitions. 
 
 Operationally, our strategic initiatives focus on investing in and further developing our processes and systems to achieve market leading efficiency and scalability, which we believe will provide operating leverage as our revenue grows. From a healthcare professional supply perspective, we continue to invest in new candidate recruitment and engagement initiatives and technologies to access and effectively utilize our network of qualified healthcare professionals to capitalize on the demand we are experiencing due to the combined effects of healthcare reform, the aging population and labor shortages within certain regions and disciplines. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Over the last several years, we have worked to execute on our management strategies and intend to continue to do so in the future. Over the past five years, we have grown our business both organically and as a result of a number of acquisitions. 
 We typically experience modest seasonal fluctuations during our fiscal year and they tend to vary among our business segments. These fluctuations can vary slightly in intensity from year to year. Over the past five years, these quarterly fluctuations have been muted in our consolidated results. 
 Operating Metrics 
 In addition to our consolidated and segment financial results, we monitor the following key metrics to help us evaluate our results of operations and financial condition and make strategic decisions. We believe this information is useful in understanding our operational performance and trends affecting our businesses. 
 Average travelers on assignment represents the average number of nurse and allied healthcare professionals on assignment during the period, which is used by management as a measure of volume in our nurse and allied solutions segment; 
 Bill rates represent the hourly straight-time rates that we bill to clients, which are an indicator of labor market trends and costs within our nurse and allied solutions segment; 
 Billable hours represent hours worked by our healthcare professionals that we are able to bill on client engagements, which are used by management as a measure of volume in our nurse and allied solutions segment; 
 Days filled is calculated by dividing total locum tenens hours filled during the period by eight hours, which is used by management as a measure of volume in our locum tenens business within our physician and leadership solutions segment; and 
 Revenue per day filled is calculated by dividing revenue of our locum tenens business by days filled for the period, which is an indicator of labor market trends and costs in our locum tenens business within our physician and leadership solutions segment. 

Recent Trends 
 
 Demand for our temporary and permanent placement staffing services is driven in part by U.S. economic and labor trends, and since early 2020 through present, the COVID-19 pandemic and the Great Resignation have impacted demand. Since late 2020, we have been experiencing historically high demand for nurses and allied healthcare professionals and current demand across all segments and business lines is above pre-COVID-19 levels. 
 
 We continue to see demand above pre-pandemic levels across our nurse and allied solutions segment driven by vacancies resulting from burnout, attrition, and retirements. The wages for nurses and the corresponding bill rates we charge our clients peaked in the first quarter of 2022. Bill rates and clinician compensation declined during the rest of the year, but remained well above prior year and pre-pandemic levels. We expect bill rates and clinician compensation to stabilize above pre-pandemic levels entering 2023. 
 
 In our physician and leadership solutions segment, demand for our locum tenens business exceeded pre-pandemic levels throughout all of 2022. We expect continued strong demand for locums tenens staffing in the first quarter of 2023. Our interim leadership business saw all time high demand in the second half of 2021 and the first half of 2022. Demand softened for that business in the second half of 2022 as some healthcare organizations streamlined leadership roles to reduce costs. 
 
 In our technology and workforce solutions segment, our language services business continued to experience increased utilization due to a shift to more virtual interpretation during the pandemic and labor shortages. Bill rates and volumes declined in our VMS business from peak levels in the first quarter, but still remained well above pre-pandemic levels. We anticipate bill rates to follow similar trends as our nurse and allied solutions segment and stabilize well above pre-pandemic levels as we enter 2023. 
 
 The demand for our recruitment process outsourcing services remained strong as clients look for solutions to help address the increased labor shortages and the need to address vacancies in their permanent roles and challenges with staffing their internal recruiting teams. In the current constrained labor market, we expect an elevated level of demand as compared to pre-pandemic. 
 
 As our businesses have continued to grow, we have increased our sales and operations workforce to support our clients and healthcare professionals. We have also increased spending to support our current team members and retain talent. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain statements of operations data as a percentage of revenue. Our results of operations include three reportable segments: (1) nurse and allied solutions, (2) physician and leadership solutions, and (3) technology and workforce solutions. The acquisitions during 2022, 2021 and 2020 impact the comparability of the results between the years presented. See additional information in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (2), Acquisitions. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of our results of operations to be expected in the future. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Consolidated Statements of Operations: Revenue 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of revenue 67.3 67.1 66.9 Gross profit 32.7 32.9 33.1 Selling, general and administrative 17.9 18.3 23.0 Depreciation and amortization 2.5 2.6 3.9 Income from operations 12.3 12.0 6.2 Interest expense, net, and other 0.7 0.9 2.4 Income before income taxes 11.6 11.1 3.8 Income tax expense 3.1 2.9 0.8 Net income 8.5 8.2 3.0 
 
 Comparison of Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue . Revenue increased 32 to 5,243.2 million for 2022 from 3,984.2 million for 2021, primarily attributable to higher organic revenue across our segments. 
 
 Nurse and allied solutions segment revenue increased 33 to 3,982.5 million for 2022 from 2,990.1 million for 2021. The 992.4 million increase was primarily attributable to a 23 increase in the average number of travelers on assignment and an approximately 14 increase in the average bill rate, partially offset by a 2 decrease in billable hours during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Physician and leadership solutions segment revenue increased 17 to 697.9 million for 2022 from 594.2 million for 2021. The 103.7 million increase was attributable to growth in our core businesses across the segment, partially offset by lower COVID-19 project work. Revenue in our locum tenens business grew approximately 21 during 2022 primarily due to a 14 increase in the number of days filled and a 6 increase in the revenue per day filled, which was driven by growth in core demand and volume over pre-pandemic levels. Our interim leadership business experienced an approximately 9 growth, while our physician permanent placement and executive search businesses grew 19 during 2022. 
 Technology and workforce solutions segment revenue increased 41 to 562.8 million for 2022 from 399.9 million for 2021. The 163.0 million increase was primarily attributable to growth within our VMS and language services businesses during 2022. Revenue growth for our VMS and language services businesses was 79 and 19 , respectively, during 2022. 
 For 2022 and 2021, revenue under our MSP arrangements comprised approximately 64 and 56 of our consolidated revenue, 81 and 71 for nurse and allied solutions segment revenue, 18 and 15 for physician and leadership solutions segment revenue, and 2 and 2 of our technology and workforce solutions segment revenue, respectively. 
 
 Gross Profit . Gross profit increased 31 to 1,716.7 million for 2022 from 1,309.6 million for 2021, representing gross margins of 32.7 and 32.9 , respectively. The decline in consolidated gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to (1) a lower margin in our nurse and allied solutions segment driven by higher clinician compensation, (2) a change in sales mix resulting from higher revenue in our nurse and allied solutions segment, and (3) a lower margin in our physician and leadership solutions segment driven by higher compensation and a change in specialty mix in our locum tenens and interim leadership businesses. The overall decline was partially offset by (1) a higher margin in our technology and workforce solutions segment primarily due to a change in sales mix resulting from increased revenue in our VMS business and its higher margins as compared to our other businesses within the segment and (2) a change in sales mix resulting from higher revenue in our technology and workforce solutions segment. Gross margin by reportable segment for 2022 and 2021 was 26.3 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 and 27.4 for nurse and allied solutions, 34.5 and 35.8 for physician and leadership solutions, and 76.0 and 69.4 for technology and workforce solutions, respectively. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses were 936.6 million, representing 17.9 of revenue, for 2022, as compared to 730.5 million, representing 18.3 of revenue, for 2021. The increase in SG A expenses was primarily due to 138.3 million of higher employee compensation and benefits (inclusive of share-based compensation), a 26.4 million increase in the provision for expected credit losses, and a 26.8 million increase in professional services and other expenses related to our revenue growth. SG A expenses broken down among the reportable segments, unallocated corporate overhead, and share-based compensation are as follows: (In Thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Nurse and allied solutions 471,489 358,092 Physician and leadership solutions 148,619 131,228 Technology and workforce solutions 132,733 92,498 Unallocated corporate overhead 153,669 123,416 Share-based compensation 30,066 25,217 936,576 730,451 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses . Amortization expense increased 32 to 83.1 million for 2022 from 63.0 million for 2021, primarily attributable to (1) 14.6 million of additional amortization expense from the assignment of useful lives to certain tradenames and trademarks intangible assets that were previously not subject to amortization effective December 31, 2021 and (2) 3.0 million of additional amortization expense related to the intangible assets acquired in the Connetics and Synzi acquisitions. Depreciation expense (exclusive of depreciation included in cost of revenue) increased 31 to 49.9 million for 2022 from 38.1 million for 2021, primarily attributable to an increase in purchased and developed hardware and software placed in service for our ongoing information technology investments to support our total talent solutions initiatives and to optimize our internal front and back-office systems. Additionally, 4.1 million and 2.5 million of depreciation expense for our language services business is included in cost of revenue for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net, and Other . Interest expense, net, and other, was 40.4 million for 2022 as compared to 34.1 million for 2021. The increase is primarily due to a 3.4 million loss related to the change in fair value of an equity investment during 2022 and a 6.7 million gain related to the change in fair value of an equity investment during 2021. 
 
 Income Tax Expense . Income tax expense was 162.7 million for 2022 as compared to 116.5 million for 2021, reflecting effective income tax rates of 27 and 26 for these periods, respectively. The increase in the effective income tax rate was primarily attributable to the recognition of net discrete tax expense of 1.7 million during 2022 compared to 3.4 million of net discrete tax benefits recognized during 2021, in relation to income before income taxes of 606.7 million and 443.9 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. See additional information in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (7), Income Taxes, and Note (1), Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 Comparison of Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 We describe in detail the comparison of results for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Comparison of Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 27 

Table of Con tents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 In summary, our cash flows were: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 653,733 305,356 256,826 Net cash used in investing activities (170,710) (107,402) (538,172) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (591,865) (34,895) 211,486 
 Historically, our primary liquidity requirements have been for acquisitions, working capital requirements, and debt service under our credit facilities and senior notes. We have funded these requirements through internally generated cash flow and funds borrowed under our credit facilities and senior notes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, (1) no amount was drawn with 378.6 million of available credit under the Senior Credit Facility (as defined below), (2) the aggregate principal amount of our 2027 Notes (as defined below) outstanding was 500.0 million, and (3) the aggregate principal amount of our 2029 Notes (as defined below) outstanding was 350.0 million. We describe in further detail our Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below), under which our Senior Credit Facility is governed, the 2027 Notes, and the 2029 Notes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (8), Notes Payable and Credit Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total of our contractual obligations under operating leases with initial terms in excess of one year was 18.0 million. We describe in further detail our operating lease arrangements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (5), Leases. We also have various obligations and working capital requirements, such as certain tax and legal matters, contingent consideration and other liabilities, that are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. See additional information in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (3), Fair Value Measurement, Note (6), Balance Sheet Details, Note (7), Income Taxes, and Note (12), Commitments and Contingencies. 
 In addition to our cash requirements, we have a share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors, which does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. See additional information in Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (10)(b), Capital Stock Treasury Stock. 
 We believe that cash generated from operations and available borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility will be sufficient to fund our operations and liquidity requirements, including expected capital expenditures, for the next 12 months and beyond. We intend to finance potential future acquisitions with cash provided from operations, borrowings under our Senior Credit Facility, or other borrowings under our Amended Credit Agreement, bank loans, debt or equity offerings, or some combination of the foregoing. The following discussion provides further details of our liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 28 

Table of Con tents 

 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 653.7 million, 305.4 million and 256.8 million, respectively. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2022 from 2021 was primarily attributable to (1) an increase in net income excluding non-cash expenses of 205.4 million primarily due to improved operating results in our nurse and allied solutions and technology and workforce solutions segments, (2) a decrease in accounts receivable and subcontractor receivables between periods of 614.2 million primarily due to the significant increase in the receivables balance in the prior year, which was due to increases in revenue and associate vendor usage in the prior year along with timing of collections, and (3) decreases in prepaid expenses and other current assets between periods of 112.6 million and 39.8 million, respectively, primarily due to prepayments made in the prior year and refunds received in the current year by third-party vendors related to labor disruption services. The overall increase in net cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by (1) a decrease in other liabilities between periods of 249.3 million primarily due to cash paid for income taxes and client deposits related to labor disruption services that were returned during the current year, which was partially offset by the payment of a lease termination fee during 2021, (2) a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses between periods of 207.3 million primarily due to the increase in associate vendor usage during the prior year and timing of payments, (3) a decrease in accrued compensation and benefits between periods of 139.7 million primarily due to prior year increases in pay rates, billable hours, and the average number of travelers on assignment in our nurse and allied solutions segment and increased employee compensation and benefits in 2021, and (4) an increase in income taxes receivable between periods of 15.5 million primarily due to an overpayment of estimated taxes during 2022. Our Days Sales Outstanding was 55 and 53 days at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 170.7 million, 107.4 million and 538.2 million, respectively. The year-over-year increase from 2021 to 2022 in net cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to (1) 69.6 million used for acquisitions in 2022 as compared to 41.3 million in 2021 and (2) 21.5 million of payments to fund the deferred compensation plan during 2022 as compared to 7.6 million during 2021. In addition, capital expenditures were 75.8 million, 53.6 million and 37.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our capital expenditures in recent years were primarily related to ongoing information technology investments to support our total talent solutions initiatives and to optimize our internal front and back-office systems. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was (591.9) million, (34.9) million and 211.5 million, respectively. Net cash used in financing activities for 2022 was due to 576.8 million paid in connection with the repurchase of our common stock and 15.1 million in cash paid for shares withheld for payroll taxes resulting from the vesting of employee equity awards. Net cash used in financing activities for 2021 was primarily due to (1) repayments of 70.0 million under the Senior Credit Facility (as defined below) and 21.9 million under the Additional Term Loan (as defined below), (2) 7.2 million in cash paid for shares withheld for payroll taxes resulting from the vesting of employee equity awards, and (3) 3.1 million of acquisition earn-out payments, partially offset by borrowings of 70.0 million under the Senior Credit Facility. 
 
 Amended Credit Agreement 
 On February 9, 2018, we entered into a credit agreement (the New Credit Agreement with several lenders to provide for a 400.0 million secured revolving credit facility (the Senior Credit Facility to replace our then-existing credit agreement. On June 14, 2019, we entered into the first amendment to the New Credit Agreement (the First Amendment to provide for, among other things, a 150.0 million secured term loan credit facility (the Term Loan ). In connection with our issuance of the Existing 2027 Notes (as defined below), we used a portion of the proceeds to repay our entire indebtedness under the Term Loan during the fourth quarter of 2019. On February 14, 2020, we entered into the second amendment to the New Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment to provide for, among other things, a 250.0 million secured term loan credit facility (the Additional Term Loan ). During the first quarter of 2021, we repaid the remaining balance of our Additional Term Loan. 
 On February 10, 2023, we entered into the third amendment to the New Credit Agreement (the Third Amendment ). The Third Amendment (together with the New Credit Agreement, the First Amendment and the Second Amendment, collectively, the Amended Credit Agreement provides for, among other things, an increase to the Senior Credit Facility to 750.0 million. The Senior Credit Facility includes a 125.0 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit and a 75.0 million sublimit for swingline loans. Our obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets. The terms of the Amended Credit Agreement, including maturity dates, payment and interest terms, are described in further detail in Item 
 29 

Table of Con tents 

 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (8), Notes Payable and Credit Agreement. 
 
 4.625 Senior Notes Due 2027 
 
 On August 13, 2020, AMN Healthcare, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, completed the issuance of an additional 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625 senior notes due 2027 (the New 2027 Notes ), which were issued at a price of 101.000 of the aggregate principal amount. The New 2027 Notes were issued pursuant to the existing indenture, dated as of October 1, 2019, under which we previously issued 300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625 senior notes due 2027 (the Existing 2027 Notes and together with the New 2027 Notes, the 2027 Notes ). The New 2027 Notes will be treated as a single series with the Existing 2027 Notes and will have the same terms (other than issue price, issue date and the date from which interest accrues) as those of the Existing 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes will mature on October 1, 2027. Interest on the 2027 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing October 1, 2020 with respect to the New 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes are fully and unconditionally and jointly guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by us and all of our subsidiaries that guarantee the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 On and after October 1, 2022, we may redeem all or a portion of the 2027 Notes upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice, at the redemption prices (expressed in percentages of principal amount on the redemption date) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) the redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve month period commencing on October 1 of the years set forth below: 
 Period Redemption Price 2022 102.313 2023 101.156 2024 and thereafter 100.000 
 Upon the occurrence of specified change of control events as defined in the indenture governing the 2027 Notes, we must offer to repurchase the 2027 Notes at 101 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) the purchase date. 
 The indenture governing the 2027 Notes contains covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to: 
 sell assets, 
 pay dividends or make other distributions on capital stock, make payments in respect of subordinated indebtedness or make other restricted payments, 
 make certain investments, 
 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock, 
 create certain liens, 
 enter into agreements that restrict dividends or other payments from our restricted subsidiaries, 
 consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets, 
 engage in transactions with affiliates, and 
 create unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. The indenture governing the 2027 Notes contains affirmative covenants and events of default that are customary for indentures governing high yield securities. The 2027 Notes and the guarantees are not subject to any registration rights agreement. 
 We used the proceeds from the issuance of the New 2027 Notes to repay 200.0 million of our indebtedness under the Additional Term Loan during the third quarter of 2020. 
 4.000 Senior Notes Due 2029 
 
 On October 20, 2020, AMN Healthcare, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, completed the issuance of 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.000 Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ). The 2029 Notes will mature on April 15, 2029. Interest on the 2029 Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing April 15, 2021. 
 30 

Table of Con tents 

At any time and from time to time on and after April 15, 2024, we will be entitled at our option to redeem all or a portion of the 2029 Notes upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice, at the redemption prices (expressed in percentages of principal amount on the redemption date) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) the redemption date (subject to the right of holders of record of the 2029 Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date), if redeemed during the twelve month period commencing on April 15 of the years set forth below: 
 Period Redemption Price 2024 102.000 2025 101.000 2026 and thereafter 100.000 

At any time and from time to time prior to April 15, 2024, we may also redeem 2029 Notes with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 40 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes issued, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) of 104.000 of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) the applicable redemption date. 
 
 In addition, we may redeem some or all of the 2029 Notes at any time and from time to time prior to April 15, 2024 at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to (but excluding) the applicable redemption date, plus a make-whole premium based on the applicable treasury rate plus 50 basis points. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of specified change of control events as defined in the indenture governing the 2029 Notes, we must offer to repurchase the 2029 Notes at 101 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) the purchase date. 
 
 The indenture governing the 2029 Notes contains covenants that, among other things, restricts our ability to: 
 
 sell assets; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions on capital stock, make payments in respect of subordinated indebtedness or make other restricted payments; 
 make certain investments; 
 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock; 
 create certain liens; 
 enter into agreements that restrict dividends or other payments from our restricted subsidiaries to us; 
 consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of their assets; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 create unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 
 These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. The indenture governing the 2029 Notes contains affirmative covenants and events of default that are customary for indentures governing high yield securities. The 2029 Notes and the guarantees are not subject to any registration rights agreement. 
 
 We used the proceeds from the issuance of the 2029 Notes, along with cash generated from operations, to (1) redeem all of our outstanding 325.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2024 Notes on November 4, 2020, (2) pay the associated redemption premium and all accrued and unpaid interest on the 2024 Notes, (3) repay 40.0 million under the Senior Credit Facility, and (4) pay fees and expenses related to the transaction during the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we maintained outstanding standby letters of credit totaling 22.0 million as collateral in relation to our workers compensation insurance agreements and a corporate office lease agreement. Of the 22.0 million of outstanding letters of credit, we have collateralized 0.6 million in cash and cash equivalents and the remaining 21.4 million is collateralized by the Senior Credit Facility. Outstanding standby letters of credit at December 31, 2021 totaled 23.6 million. 
 31 

Table of Con tents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our critical accounting policies are described in Note (1) to our audited consolidated financial statements contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Critical accounting policies are those that we believe are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and base them on the information that is currently available to us and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could vary from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 
 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
 
 Our business acquisitions typically result in the recording of goodwill and other intangible assets. The determination of the fair value of such intangible assets involves the use of appropriate valuation techniques and requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements. Significant judgments required to estimate the fair values include estimated future cash flows, growth rates, customer attrition rates, brand awareness and discount rates. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each intangible asset. Management may engage independent third-party specialists to assist in determining the fair values. For intangible assets purchased in a business acquisition, the estimated fair values of the assets received are used to establish their recorded values, which may become impaired in the future. 
 
 In accordance with accounting guidance on goodwill and other intangible assets, we perform annual impairment analysis to assess the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. We assess the impairment of goodwill of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is unnecessary. If the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, then the reporting unit s carrying value is compared to its fair value. The fair values of the reporting units are estimated using market and discounted cash flow approaches. Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. Valuation techniques consistent with the market approach and income approach are used to measure the fair value of each reporting unit. Significant judgments are required to estimate the fair value of reporting units including estimating future cash flows, and determining appropriate discount rates, growth rates, company control premium and other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit. We perform our annual impairment test on October 31 of each year. We last performed a quantitative impairment test of our goodwill in the first quarter of 2020 and the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded the respective carrying value by more than 100 percent. As of December 31, 2022, we do not have any indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 
 Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are required to be amortized over their respective estimated useful lives and reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment evaluation is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets are largely independent of other groups of assets and liabilities. We assess potential impairments to intangible assets when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recovered. Our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators and future cash flows related to intangible assets are based on operational performance of our businesses, market conditions and other factors. Although there are inherent uncertainties in this assessment process, the estimates and assumptions we use, including estimates of future cash flows, volumes, market penetration and discount rates, are consistent with our internal planning. If these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment charge on all or a portion of our long-lived intangible assets. Furthermore, we cannot predict the occurrence of future impairment-triggering events nor the impact such events might have on our reported asset values. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that long-lived intangible assets associated with our acquired businesses are impaired. 
 
 Professional Liability Reserve 
 32 

Table of Con tents 

We determine the adequacy of our accrual for professional liability by evaluating our historical experience and trends, loss reserves established by our insurance carriers, management and third-party administrators, and our independent actuarial studies. We obtain actuarial studies on a semi-annual basis to assist us in determining the adequacy of our accrual. For periods between the actuarial studies, we record accruals based on loss rates provided in the most recent actuarial study and management s review of loss history. Expense recognized for accruals (inclusive of actuarial-based decreases) was 7.2 million, 7.2 million and 6.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Our accrual for professional liability includes provisions for estimated incurred but not yet reported IBNR losses and known claims case reserves ), as well as losses covered by excess insurance carriers excess liability ). The following table presents the case reserves, IBNR losses and excess liability as estimated by the most recently obtained actuarial study that make up our accrual for professional liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Case reserves (1) 
 8,450 10,407 IBNR losses (1) 
 25,176 23,027 Excess liability (2) 
 10,344 8,237 Total accrual 43,970 41,671 
 
 (1) The provisions for case reserves and estimated IBNR losses are presented net of excess liability. 
 (2) The accrual for losses recoverable from excess insurance carriers is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets with a corresponding recoverable asset. 
 
 We determine estimated IBNR losses by developing our historical loss data to its ultimate level ultimate losses and subtracting incurred losses to date; the remainder is IBNR losses. We determine ultimate losses through the use of several actuarial methods, including (but not limited to) loss development methods and Bornhuetter Ferguson methods. These methods use our specific historical claims data related to paid losses and loss adjustment expenses, historical and current case reserves, reported and closed claim counts, and industry and other data. The actuarial assumptions used in the aforementioned methods include paid and incurred loss development patterns, our growth and mix of business, inflation, law changes, and claim frequency and severity trends. 
 
 We consider the frequency and severity of claims to be significant assumptions in estimating our accrual for professional liability. A 10 change in the expected frequency is within a reasonable range of possibilities and would increase or reduce the accrual estimate by approximately 2.0 million. A 10 change in the expected claim severity is within a reasonable range of possibilities and would increase or reduce the accrual estimate by approximately 4.0 million. Additionally, the average time period between the occurrence and final resolution of our professional liability claims is approximately 5 years; however, the facts and circumstances of individual claims could result in a timeframe that significantly varies from this average. The ultimate settlements of our professional liability claims may vary significantly from our estimates if future changes in claim frequency or severity differ from historical trends and actuarial assumptions, which could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 
 We are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. These matters typically relate to professional liability, tax, compensation, contract, competitor disputes and employee-related matters and include individual and class action lawsuits, as well as inquiries and investigations by governmental agencies regarding the Company s employment and compensation practices. Additionally, some of our clients may also become subject to claims, governmental inquiries and investigations and legal actions relating to services provided by our healthcare professionals. From time to time, and depending upon the particular facts and circumstances, we may be subject to indemnification obligations under our contracts with such clients relating to these matters. 
 
 We cannot predict with assurance the outcome of claims brought against us. Certain of the above-referenced matters may include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. In assessing the probability of loss and the estimated amount, we consider the following factors, among others: (a) the nature of the matter and any related facts, circumstances and data; (b) the progress of the case; (c) the opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisers; (d) our experience, and the experience of other entities, in similar cases; (e) how we intend to respond to the matter; and (f) reasonable settlement values based on the foregoing factors. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount and the final outcome may ultimately be materially different. Where a range of loss can be reasonably 
 33 

Table of Con tents 

 estimated with no best estimate in the range, we record the minimum estimated liability. We review these provisions at least quarterly and adjust these provisions accordingly to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and updated information. We generally record changes in accruals related to legal matters in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The most significant matters for which the Company has established accruals in connection with loss contingencies are class actions related to wage and hour claims under California and Federal law. 
 
 We believe that the amount or estimable range of reasonably possible loss beyond the accruals that we have established, will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows with respect to loss contingencies for legal and other contingencies as of December 31, 2022. However, the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against us for amounts in excess of management s expectations, our results of operations and financial condition, including in a particular reporting period, could be materially adversely affected. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. The new guidance will require companies to apply the definition of a performance obligation under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities, such as deferred revenue, relating to contracts with customers that are acquired in a business combination. Under existing guidance, an acquirer generally recognizes assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, including contract assets and contract liabilities arising from revenue contracts with customers, at their acquisition-date fair values in accordance with ASC Subtopic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements Overall. Generally, this new guidance will result in the acquirer recognizing acquired contract assets and liabilities on the same basis that would have been recorded by the acquiree prior to the acquisition under ASC Topic 606. This standard is effective on a prospective basis for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. We have adopted this standard effective January 1, 2023 and do not expect the adoption to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 There have been no other new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted that are expected to materially affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. During 2022, our primary exposure to market risk was interest rate risk associated with our variable interest debt instruments and our investment portfolio. A 100 basis point increase in interest rates on our variable rate debt would not have resulted in a material effect on our consolidated financial statements for 2022. A 100 basis point change in interest rates as of December 31, 2022 would not have resulted in a material effect on the fair value of our investment portfolio. For our investments that are classified as available-for-sale, unrealized gains or losses related to fluctuations in market volatility and interest rates are reflected within stockholders equity in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated balance sheets. Such unrealized losses would be realized only if we sell the investments prior to maturity. 
 
 During 2022, we generated substantially all of our revenue in the United States. Accordingly, we believe that our foreign currency risk is immaterial. 
 34 

Table of Con tents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 36 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 41 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 

35 

Table of Con tents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 AMN Healthcare Services, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Professional Liability Reserve 
 As discussed in Note 1(j) and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company determines their professional liability accrual by evaluating historical experience, trends, loss reserves, and actuarial studies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded professional liability reserves totaling 43,970 thousand. 
 We identified the evaluation of the professional liability reserve as a critical audit matter. A high degree of complex and subjective auditor judgment, including the involvement of actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, was required in evaluating the Company s actuarial estimates and assumptions, specifically estimates for incurred but not reported claims. Changes in the actuarial estimates or assumptions could have a significant impact on the liability recognized. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the process to estimate the professional liability reserve. This included a control related to the selection of ultimate losses used in the estimates for incurred but not reported claims. We tested the key inputs to determine the incurred but not reported estimate. This included testing 
 36 

Table of Con tents 

 data used by the Company s actuarial specialist to determine the expected loss rates, specifically claims history used in the actuarial models, for consistency with the actual claims incurred and paid by the Company. We also involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the Company s actuarial estimates and assumptions, specifically loss rates, by comparing them to the Company s historical data, and industry and regulatory trends. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2000. 
 
 San Diego, California 
 February 22, 2023 
 37 

Table of Con tents 

 AMN HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except par value) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Accounts receivable, subcontractor Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments Fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued compensation and benefits Current portion of operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Notes payable, net of unamortized fees and premium Deferred income taxes, net Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

Table of Con tents 

 AMN HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization (exclusive of depreciation included in cost of revenue) Total operating expenses Income from operations Interest expense, net, and other Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities, net, and other ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Comprehensive income Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 39 

Table of Con tents 

 AMN HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Equity awards vested and exercised, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of the credit loss standard, net of tax ) ) Share-based compensation Comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Repurchase of common stock into treasury ) ) ) Equity awards vested, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Share-based compensation Comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock into treasury ) ) ) Equity awards vested, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Share-based compensation Comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 40 

Table of Con tents 

 AMN HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (inclusive of depreciation included in cost of revenue) Non-cash interest expense and other ) Write-off of fees on credit facilities and senior notes Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Increase in allowance for credit losses and sales credits Provision for deferred income taxes ) ) ) Share-based compensation Net loss (gain) on deferred compensation balances ) Loss on disposal or sale of fixed assets Net loss (gain) on investments in available-for-sale securities ) ) Non-cash lease expense ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Accounts receivable, subcontractor ) ) ) Income taxes receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Other current assets ) Other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued compensation and benefits ) Other liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) ) Restricted investments balance Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase and development of fixed assets ) ) ) Purchase of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale and maturity of investments Purchase of equity investment ) Proceeds from sale of equity investment Purchase of convertible promissory notes ) Payments to fund deferred compensation plan ) ) ) Cash paid for initial direct costs ) Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash and restricted cash received ) ) ) Cash paid for other intangibles ) ) ) Cash received for working capital adjustments for prior year acquisitions Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 41 

Table of Con tents 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Payments on term loans ) ) Proceeds from term loans Payments on revolving credit facility ) ) Proceeds from revolving credit facility Proceeds from senior notes Redemption of senior notes ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Payment of financing costs ) Earn-out payments to settle contingent consideration liabilities for prior acquisitions ) ) Cash paid for shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Cash paid for interest (net of , and capitalized in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 
 Cash paid for income taxes Acquisitions: Fair value of tangible assets acquired in acquisitions, net of cash and restricted cash received Goodwill Intangible assets Liabilities assumed ) ) ) Contingent consideration liabilities ) Net cash paid for acquisitions Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchase of fixed assets recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 42 

Table of Con tents 

 AMN HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

(1) 

(c) 
 
 (d) 
 
 (e) 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents (included in other current assets) Restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and investments Less restricted investments ) ) Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (f) 
 43 

Table of Con tents 
). The Company depreciates leasehold improvements and equipment obtained under finance leases over the shorter of the term of the lease or their estimated useful lives. The Company includes depreciation of equipment obtained under finance leases with depreciation expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company capitalizes costs it incurs to develop software during the application development stage. Application development stage costs generally include costs associated with software configuration, coding, installation and testing. The Company also capitalizes costs of significant upgrades and enhancements that result in additional functionality, whereas it expenses as incurred costs for maintenance and minor upgrades and enhancements. The Company amortizes capitalized costs using the straight-line method over three to once the software is ready for its intended use. 
 
 The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to the future undiscounted net cash flows that are expected to be generated by the asset group. If such asset group is considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds the fair value of the asset group. The Company reports assets to be disposed of at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 
 
 (g) 

(h) 

(i) 
 
 (j) 
 
 44 

Table of Con tents 

(k) 
 45 

Table of Con tents 

(l) 
 Provision for expected credit losses Amounts written off charged against the allowance ) ) Balance as of December 31, 
 
 The provision for expected credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily the result of recent developments that raised concern with a specific customer s ability to meet its financial obligations, and uncertainty regarding the collectability of cash flows from other customers due primarily to the current macroeconomic outlook. 
 
 (m) 
 
 One customer primarily within the Company s nurse and allied solutions segment comprised approximately , and of the consolidated revenue of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and , respectively, of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments, a portion of which was invested in non-federally insured money market funds, commercial paper and corporate bonds. See Note (3), Fair Value Measurement, for additional information. 
 
 (n) 
 
 46 

Table of Con tents 

(p) 
 
 period. Share-based compensation cost of RSUs is measured by the market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, and the Company records share-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. Performance restricted stock units PRSUs primarily consist of PRSUs that contain performance conditions dependent on defined targets of the Company s adjusted EBITDA, with a range of to of the target amount granted to be issued under the award. Share-based compensation cost for these PRSUs is measured by the market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, and the amount recognized is adjusted for estimated achievement of the performance conditions. A limited amount of PRSUs contain a market condition dependent upon the Company s relative and absolute total stockholder return over a period, with a range of to of the target amount granted to be issued under the award. Share-based compensation cost for these PRSUs is measured using the Monte-Carlo simulation valuation model and is not adjusted for the achievement, or lack thereof, of the market conditions. 
 
 (q) Net Income per Common Share 
 
 Share-based awards to purchase , and shares of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were not included in the calculation of diluted net income per common share because the effect of these instruments was anti-dilutive. 
 Net income per common share - basic Net income per common share - diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Plus dilutive effect of potential common shares Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 
 
 See Note (10), Capital Stock for additional information regarding share repurchases that occurred after December 31, 2022. 
 
 (r) 
 reportable segments: (1) nurse and allied solutions, (2) physician and leadership solutions, and (3) technology and workforce solutions. The nurse and allied solutions segment includes the Company s travel nurse staffing (including international nurse staffing and rapid response nurse staffing), labor disruption staffing, local staffing, international nurse and allied permanent placement, allied staffing and revenue cycle solutions businesses. The physician and leadership solutions segment includes the Company s locum tenens staffing, healthcare interim leadership staffing, executive search, and physician 
 47 

Table of Con tents 

Physician and leadership solutions Technology and workforce solutions Segment operating income Nurse and allied solutions Physician and leadership solutions Technology and workforce solutions Unallocated corporate overhead Depreciation and amortization Depreciation (included in cost of revenue) Share-based compensation Interest expense, net, and other Income before income taxes 
 
 Labor disruption services Local staffing Allied staffing Locum tenens staffing Interim leadership staffing Temporary staffing Permanent placement Language services Vendor management systems Other technologies Technology-enabled services Talent planning and acquisition Total revenue 
 48 

Table of Con tents 

Labor disruption services Local staffing Allied staffing Locum tenens staffing Interim leadership staffing Temporary staffing Permanent placement Language services Vendor management systems Other technologies Technology-enabled services Talent planning and acquisition Total revenue 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Nurse and Allied Solutions Physician and Leadership Solutions Technology and Workforce Solutions Total Travel nurse staffing Labor disruption services Local staffing Allied staffing Locum tenens staffing Interim leadership staffing Temporary staffing Permanent placement Language services Vendor management systems Other technologies Technology-enabled services Talent planning and acquisition Total revenue 

(2) 
 49 

Table of Con tents 

 included (1) cash consideration paid upon acquisition, funded through cash on hand, and (2) contingent consideration (earn-out payment) of up to with an estimated fair value of as of the acquisition date. The contingent earn-out payment is based on the operating results of Connetics for the twelve months ending May 31, 2023. The results of Connetics have been included in the Company s nurse and allied solutions segment since the date of acquisition. During the fourth quarter of 2022, was returned to the Company in respect of the final working capital settlement. 
 The preliminary allocation of the purchase price, which was reduced by the final working capital settlement during the fourth quarter of 2022, consisted of (1) of fair value of tangible assets acquired, which included cash received, (2) of liabilities assumed, (3) of identified intangible assets, and (4) of goodwill, of which is deductible for tax purposes. The intangible assets acquired have a weighted average useful life of approximately . 
 Staffing database Tradenames and trademarks 
 Synzi and SnapMD Acquisition 
 On April 7, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Synzi Holdings, Inc. Synzi and its wholly-owned subsidiary, SnapMD, LLC SnapMD ). Synzi is a virtual care communication platform that enables organizations to conduct virtual visits and use secure messaging, text, and email for clinician-to-patient and clinician-to-clinician communications. SnapMD is a full-service virtual care management company, specializing in providing software to enable healthcare providers to better engage with their patients. The initial purchase price of consisted entirely of cash consideration paid upon acquisition. The acquisition was funded primarily through borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility (as defined below). The results of Synzi and SnapMD have been included in the Company s technology and workforce solutions segment since the date of acquisition. During the second quarter of 2021, was returned to the Company in respect of the final working capital settlement. 
 The allocation of the purchase price, which was reduced by the final working capital settlement and was finalized during the second quarter of 2022, consisted of (1) of fair value of tangible assets acquired, which included cash received, (2) of liabilities assumed, (3) of identified intangible assets, and (4) of goodwill, of which is deductible for tax purposes. The fair value of intangible assets primarily includes of developed technology and of trademarks with a weighted average useful life of approximately . 
 Stratus Video Acquisition 
 On February 14, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of Stratus Video, a remote video interpreting company that provides healthcare interpretation via remote video, over the phone, and onsite in-person, all supported by proprietary technology platforms. The initial purchase price of consisted entirely of cash consideration paid upon acquisition. The acquisition was funded primarily through (1) borrowings under the Company s secured revolving credit facility (the Senior Credit Facility ), provided for under a credit agreement (the New Credit Agreement ), and (2) the Second Amendment (as defined in Note (8) below) to the New Credit Agreement, which provided of additional available borrowings to the Company. The Senior Credit Facility, New Credit Agreement and Second Amendment are more fully described in Note (8), Notes Payable and Credit Agreement. The results of Stratus Video have been included in the Company s technology and workforce solutions segment since the date of acquisition. During the second quarter of 2020, an additional of cash consideration was paid to the selling shareholders in respect of the final working capital settlement. The Company incurred of acquisition-related costs during the year ended December 31, 2020 as a result of its acquisition of Stratus Video. 
 50 

Table of Con tents 

 purchase price, which included the additional cash consideration paid for the final working capital settlement and was finalized during the first quarter of 2021, consisted of (1) of fair value of tangible assets acquired, which included cash received, (2) of liabilities assumed, (3) of identified intangible assets, and (4) of goodwill, of which is deductible for tax purposes. The intangible assets acquired have a weighted average useful life of approximately . 
 Tradenames and trademarks - 
 Developed technology Interpreter database 
 During the third quarter of 2020, the Company revised the estimated useful lives for the tradenames and trademarks intangible assets as a result of its plan to rebrand the language interpretation business. Based on this change in circumstances since the date of acquisition, the Company determined that the remaining useful lives of the assets are and is amortizing the remaining value on a straight-line basis over the remaining useful life. 
 Approximately of revenue and of income before income taxes of Stratus Video were included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited) 
 The following summary presents unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations of the Company as if the acquisition of Stratus Video had occurred on January 1, 2019, which gives effect to certain adjustments, including acquisition-related costs of that were reclassified from the year ended December 31, 2020 to the year ended December 31, 2019. Income from operations Net income 

(3) 
 51 

Table of Con tents 

commercial paper issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, had original maturities greater than three months. Of the commercial paper issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021, had original maturities greater than three months. 
 
 The Company s restricted cash equivalents and investments that serve as collateral for the Company s captive insurance company also include corporate bonds that are measured using readily available pricing sources that utilize observable market data, including the current interest rate for comparable instruments, which are Level 2 inputs. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had corporate bonds issued and outstanding, all of which had original maturities greater than three months and were considered available-for-sale securities. As of December 31, 2021,the Company had corporate bonds issued and outstanding, of which had original maturities greater than three months and were considered available-for-sale securities. 
 
 Due after one year through five years 
 
 Expected maturities may differ from stated due dates because borrowers may have the ability to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 
 The Company s contingent consideration liabilities are measured at fair value using probability-weighted discounted cash flow analysis or a simulation-based methodology for the acquired companies, which are Level 3 inputs. The Company recognizes changes to the fair value of its contingent consideration liabilities in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 
 Deferred compensation ) ) ) ) Corporate bonds Commercial paper Acquisition contingent consideration liabilities ) ) 
 
 52 

Table of Con tents 

 ) Settlement of b4health contingent consideration liability for year ended December 31, 2020 Contingent consideration liability from Connetics acquisition on May 13, 2022 ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration liability from Connetics acquisition Balance as of December 31, ) 
 
 Assets Measured on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 
 The Company applies fair value techniques on a non-recurring basis associated with valuing potential impairment losses related to its goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, long-lived assets, and equity investments. 
 The Company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually for impairment and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units based on a combination of inputs, including the market capitalization of the Company, as well as Level 3 inputs such as discounted cash flows, which are not observable from the market, directly or indirectly. The Company determines the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets using the income approach (relief-from-royalty method) based on Level 3 inputs. 
 The Company s equity investment represents an investment in a non-controlled corporation without a readily determinable market value. The Company has elected to measure the investment at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes. The fair value is determined by using quoted prices for identical or similar investments of the same issuer, which are Level 2 inputs, and other information available to the Company such as the rights and obligations of the securities. The Company recognizes changes to the fair value of its equity investment in interest expense, net, and other in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The balance of the equity investment was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 There were no triggering events identified, no indication of impairment of the Company s goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets and impairment charges recorded for the aforementioned assets during the three years ended December 31, 2022 requiring such measurements. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 The Company is required to disclose the fair value of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate the value, even though these instruments are not recognized at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the Company s 2027 Notes (as defined in Note (8) below) and senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes was estimated using quoted market prices in active markets for identical liabilities, which are Level 1 inputs. 2029 Notes 
 The fair value of the Company s long-term self-insurance accruals cannot be estimated as the Company cannot reasonably determine the timing of future payments. 
 
 53 

Table of Con tents 

 (4) 
 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Tradenames and trademarks ) ) Non-compete agreements ) ) Acquired technology ) ) ) ) 
 
 As a result of developments in its brand consolidation efforts, the Company reassessed the useful lives of its tradenames and trademarks intangible assets during the fourth quarter of 2021. This assessment included tradenames and trademarks related to the Company's locums tenens, interim leadership, local staffing, physician permanent placement, allied, and VMS businesses. As a result, the Company concluded (a) that the useful lives for of tradenames and trademarks that were previously not subject to amortization were no longer considered to be indefinite and (b) to revise the estimated useful lives for of tradenames and trademarks. Prior to assigning useful lives to the previously indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company tested the assets for impairment, concluding that they were not impaired. Effective December 31, 2021, these tradenames and trademarks intangible assets were assigned a weighted average useful life of approximately . The Company is amortizing their carrying values on a straight-line basis over the remaining useful lives. 
 
 Aggregate amortization expense for intangible assets was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Year ending December 31, 2024 Year ending December 31, 2025 Year ending December 31, 2026 Year ending December 31, 2027 Thereafter 
 Goodwill adjustment for Stratus Video acquisition Goodwill from Synzi and SnapMD acquisition Balance, December 31, 2021 Goodwill adjustment for Synzi and SnapMD acquisition Goodwill from Connetics acquisition Balance, December 31, 2022 Accumulated impairment loss as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 
 
 54 

Table of Con tents 

 (5) 
 
 or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term up to years. Certain leases also include options to terminate the leases within years. 
 
 During 2021, the Company entered into an arrangement to terminate the lease agreement (as amended to date) for its office space in San Diego. The termination will occur in phases: the first phase terminated the Company s right to use certain floors effective February 28, 2022 and the second phase reduces the remaining lease term to December 31, 2024 from its original termination date of July 31, 2027. As a result of the arrangement, which was accounted for as a modification, the Company paid a termination fee of , remeasured the lease liability using its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate, and recorded decreases to its operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets of during 2021. Prior to the modification, the total remaining lease payments for this office lease were . Under the modified lease terms, the total remaining lease payments (excluding the termination fee paid during the third quarter of 2021) were as of the modification date. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for an office building located in Dallas, Texas, with future undiscounted lease payments of approximately , excluding lease incentives. Because the Company does not control the underlying asset during the construction period, the Company is not considered the owner of the asset under construction for accounting purposes. The lease will commence upon completion of the construction of the office building which is expected be near the end of the first quarter of 2023. The initial term of the lease is approximately years with options to renew the lease during the lease term. A right-of-use asset and lease liability will be recognized in the consolidated balance sheet in the period the lease commences. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Variable and other lease cost Net lease cost 
 
 Year ending December 31, 2024 Year ending December 31, 2025 Year ending December 31, 2026 Year ending December 31, 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 years years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 55 

Table of Con tents 

 (6) 
 Income taxes receivable Other Other current assets Prepaid expenses: Prepaid payroll deposits Other Prepaid expenses Fixed assets: Furniture and equipment Software Leasehold improvements Accumulated depreciation ) ) Fixed assets, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses: Trade accounts payable Subcontractor payable Accrued expenses Loss contingencies Professional liability reserve Other Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued compensation and benefits: Accrued payroll Accrued bonuses and commissions Accrued travel expense Health insurance reserve Workers compensation reserve Deferred compensation Other Accrued compensation and benefits Other current liabilities: Income taxes payable Acquisition related liabilities Client deposits Other Other current liabilities 
 56 

Table of Con tents 

 Professional liability reserve Unrecognized tax benefits Other Other long-term liabilities 
 
 57 

Table of Con tents 

 (7) 
 State Total Deferred income taxes: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Provision for income taxes from operations 
 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit Non-deductible expenses Share-based compensation ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefit ) ) Other, net ) Income tax expense from operations 
 58 

Table of Con tents 

 Deferred compensation Accrued bonus Accrued payroll taxes Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Net operating losses Loss contingencies Workers compensation insurance Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangibles ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets. 
 
 The amount of federal net operating losses NOL carryforward that is available for use in years subsequent to December 31, 2022 is , primarily related to the Stratus Video and Synzi acquisitions, which begins to expire by 2030. The amount of state NOL carryforward that is available for use in years subsequent to December 31, 2022 is , primarily related to the Stratus Video and Synzi acquisitions, which expires in 2039. The Stratus Video and Synzi acquisitions are more fully described in Note (2), Acquisitions. 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions based on tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Reductions due to lapse of applicable statute of limitation ) ) ) Ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits 
 
 At December 31, 2022, if recognized, approximately net of of temporary differences would affect the effective tax rate (including interest and penalties). 
 
 The Company recognizes interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company had approximately , and of accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The amount of interest expense recognized in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 
 59 

Table of Con tents 

 . Approximately half of such taxes was paid during the fourth quarter of 2021 and the remaining balance was paid during the fourth quarter of 2022. The Company claimed an employee retention employment tax credit of during 2020 and 2021. 

(8) 
 
 Senior Credit Facility to replace its then-existing credit facilities. On June 14, 2019, the Company entered into the first amendment to the New Credit Agreement (the First Amendment to provide for, among other things, a secured term loan credit facility (the Term Loan ). The Company fully repaid all amounts under the Term Loan in 2019. 
 
 On February 14, 2020, the Company entered into the second amendment to the New Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment to provide for, among other things, a secured term loan credit facility (the Additional Term Loan ). The Second Amendment extended the maturity date of the Senior Credit Facility to February 14, 2025, which was coterminous with the Additional Term Loan. The Company used the proceeds from the Additional Term Loan, together with a drawdown of a portion of the Senior Credit Facility, to complete its acquisition of Stratus Video, as more fully described in Note (2), Acquisitions. The Additional Term Loan was subject to amortization of principal of per year for the first year of the term and per year thereafter, payable in equal quarterly installments. The Company fully repaid all amounts under the Additional Term Loan in the first quarter of 2021. 
 
 In connection with the Second Amendment, the Company incurred in fees paid to lenders and other third parties, which were capitalized and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Senior Credit Facility. In addition, of unamortized financing fees incurred in connection with obtaining the New Credit Agreement and First Amendment will continue to be amortized to interest expense over the term of the Senior Credit Facility. 
 On February 10, 2023, the Company entered into the third amendment to the New Credit Agreement (the Third Amendment ). The Third Amendment (together with the New Credit Agreement, the First Amendment and the Second Amendment, collectively, the Amended Credit Agreement provides for, among other things, the following: (i) an extension of the maturity date of the Senior Credit Facility to February 10, 2028, (ii) an increase to the Senior Credit Facility to , and (iii) a transition from LIBOR to a SOFR-based interest rate. The obligations of the Company under the Amended Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company. 
 Borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility bear interest at floating rates, at the Company s option, based upon either SOFR plus a spread of to or a base rate plus a spread of to . The applicable spread is determined quarterly based upon the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio (as calculated per the Amended Credit Agreement). The Senior Credit Facility, which includes a sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit and a sublimit for swingline loans, is available for working capital, capital expenditures, permitted acquisitions and general corporate purposes. At February 10, 2023, was drawn in the ordinary course of business and there was of available credit under the Senior Credit Facility. 
 60 

Table of Con tents 

Senior Notes Due 2027 
 On August 13, 2020, the Company completed the issuance of an additional aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2027 (the New 2027 Notes ), which were issued at a price of of the aggregate principal amount. The New 2027 Notes were issued pursuant to the existing indenture, dated as of October 1, 2019, under which the Company previously issued aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2027 (the Existing 2027 Notes and together with the New 2027 Notes, the 2027 Notes ). The New 2027 Notes are being treated as a single series with the Existing 2027 Notes and have the same terms (other than issue price, issue date and the date from which interest accrues) as those of the Existing 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes are unsecured obligations of the Company and the interest is fixed at and payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing October 1, 2020 with respect to the New 2027 Notes. The aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes matures on October 1, 2027. 
 With proceeds from the New 2027 Notes and cash on hand, the Company (1) repaid of its indebtedness under the Additional Term Loan and (2) paid of fees and expenses related to the issuance of the New 2027 Notes, which were recorded as a reduction of the notes payable balance and are being amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the 2027 Notes. 
 
 (c) The Company s Senior Notes Due 2029 
 On October 20, 2020, the Company completed the issuance of aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes, which mature on April 15, 2029. The 2029 Notes are unsecured obligations of the Company and the interest is fixed at and payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing April 15, 2021. With the proceeds from the 2029 Notes and cash generated from operations, the Company (1) redeemed all of its outstanding aggregate principal amount of the senior notes due 2024 (the 2024 Notes on November 4, 2020, (2) paid consisting of the associated redemption premium and accrued and unpaid interest on the 2024 Notes, (3) repaid under the Senior Credit Facility and (4) incurred in fees and expenses related to the issuance and sale of the 2029 Notes, which were recorded as a reduction of the notes payable balance and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2029 Notes. In addition, the Company wrote off of unamortized financing fees incurred in connection with the issuance of the 2024 Notes, which was recognized in interest expense, net, and other in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (d) Debt Balances 
 
 2029 Notes Total debt outstanding Less unamortized fees and premium ) ) Long-term portion of notes payable 
 At December 31, 2022, with of outstanding letters of credit collateralized by the Senior Credit Facility, there was of available credit under the Senior Credit Facility. 
 (e) Letters of Credit 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company maintained outstanding standby letters of credit totaling as collateral in relation to its workers compensation insurance agreements and a corporate office lease agreement. Of the outstanding letters of credit, the Company has collateralized in cash and cash equivalents and the remaining is collateralized by the Senior Credit Facility. Outstanding standby letters of credit at December 31, 2021 totaled . 

(9) 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 
 61 

Table of Con tents 

 of employment with the Company. Under the Plan, participants can defer up to of their base salary, of their variable compensation and of their vested RSUs or vested PRSUs. A discretionary matching contribution is determined by the Company each year. Employer contributions under the Plan were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Employer contribution expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 include one-time contributions and a temporary increase to the discretionary matching contribution for a portion of the year.. In connection with the administration of the Plan, the Company has purchased company-owned life insurance policies insuring the lives of certain officers and employees. The cash surrender value of these policies was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cash surrender value of these insurance policies is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

(10) 
 shares of preferred stock authorized for issuance in one or more series (including preferred stock designated as Series A Conditional Convertible Preferred Stock), at a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 
 
 (b) Treasury Stock 
 
 On November 1, 2016, the Company s board of directors approved a share repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to of its outstanding common stock. On November 10, 2021, February 17, 2022 and June 15, 2022 the Company announced increases to the share repurchase program totaling for a total of of repurchase authorization as of December 31, 2022. The amount and timing of the purchases will depend on a number of factors including the price of the Company s shares, trading volume, Company performance, Company liquidity, general economic and market conditions and other factors that the Company s management believes are relevant. The share repurchase program does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 
 The Company intends to make all repurchases and to administer the plan in accordance with applicable laws and regulatory guidelines, including Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act, and in compliance with its debt instruments. Repurchases may be made from cash on hand, free cash flow generated from the Company s business or from the Company s Senior Credit Facility. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions. Repurchases may also be made pursuant to one or more plans established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act that would permit shares to be repurchased when the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so under the Company s securities trading policy. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock at an average price of per share excluding broker s fees, resulting in an aggregate purchase price of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock at an average price of per share excluding broker s fees, resulting in an aggregate purchase price of . During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company did t repurchase any shares of its common stock. 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the Company s board of directors approved an increase to the share repurchase program of up to an additional of repurchases of its outstanding common stock. Since December 31, 2022, and through February 22, 2023, the Company has repurchased shares of its common stock at an average price of per share excluding broker s fees, resulting in an aggregate purchase price of . 

(11) 
 62 

Table of Con tents 

 . Any shares to be issued under the Equity Plan will be issued by the Company from authorized but unissued common stock or shares of common stock reacquired by the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of common stock were reserved for future grants under the Equity Plan, respectively. 
 
 Other Plans 
 
 From time to time, the Company grants, and has granted, key employees inducement awards outside of the Equity Plan (collectively, Other Plans ), which have recently consisted of RSUs. Although these awards are not made under the Equity Plan, the key terms and conditions of the grant are typically the same as equity awards made under the Equity Plan. 
 
 Additionally, the Company established the 2014 Employment Inducement Plan, which reserves for issuance shares of common stock for prospective employees of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock remained available for future grants under the 2014 Employment Inducement Plan. 
 
 (b) Share-Based Compensation 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 RSUs and PRSUs (subject to performance conditions being achieved) granted under the Equity Plan generally entitle the holder to receive, at the end of a vesting period, a specified number of shares of the Company s common stock. Granted RSUs Granted PRSUs (1) 
 Vested ) Canceled/forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2020 Granted RSUs Granted PRSUs (1) 
 Vested ) Canceled/forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2021 Granted RSUs Granted PRSUs (1) 
 Vested ) Canceled/forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs and PRSUs. The Company expects to recognize such cost over a period of years. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate intrinsic value of the RSUs and PRSUs outstanding was and , respectively. 
 
 Stock Options and SARs 
 
 Stock options entitle the holder to purchase, at the end of a vesting period, a specified number of shares of the Company s common stock at a price per share set at the date of grant. Stock appreciation rights SARs entitle the holder to receive, at the end of a vesting period, shares of the Company s common stock equal in value to the difference between the exercise price of the SAR, which is set at the date of grant, and the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of exercise. 
 63 

Table of Con tents 

 Granted Exercised ) Canceled/forfeited/expired Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2020 Exercisable at December 31, 2020 
 
 As of December 31, 2020, there were stock options or SARs outstanding. The total intrinsic value of stock options and SARs exercised was for 2020. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 Related income tax benefits ) ) ) Share-based employee compensation, net of tax 

(12) 

64 

Table of Con tents 

 . The Company is currently unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond amounts already accrued. Loss contingencies accrued are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

(1) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

(2) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on the framework set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which we include herein. 

(3) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 65 

Table of Con tents 

 (4) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 AMN Healthcare Services, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission . In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 66 

Table of Con tents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information required by this item, other than the information below concerning our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and stockholder recommended nominations, is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement to be distributed in connection with our Annual Meeting of Stockholders currently scheduled to be held on May 17, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement under the headings Corporate Governance Election of Our Directors AMN Healthcare Board of Directors, Executive Compensation Disclosure, Security Ownership and Other Matters Section 16(a) Reporting Compliance, the table set forth in Corporate Governance Committees of the Board identifying, among other things, members of our Board committees, and Corporate Governance Committees of the Board. 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer or any person performing similar functions, which we post on our website in the Governance Documents link located at ir.amnhealthcare.com. We intend to publish any amendment to, or waiver from, the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers on our website. We will provide any person, without charge, a copy of such Code of Ethics upon written request, which may be mailed to 8840 Cypress Waters Boulevard Suite 300, Dallas, Texas 75019, Attn: Corporate Secretary. 
 
 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board since we last disclosed information related to such procedures. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement under the headings Compensation, Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation Disclosure, Director Compensation and Ownership Guidelines, Corporate Governance Enterprise Risk Oversight, Corporate Governance Committees of the Board Compensation Committee Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Information required by this item, other than the information below concerning our equity compensation plans, is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement under the headings Security Ownership and Other Matters Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 regarding compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 
 67 

Table of Con tents 

 (a) (b) (c) Number of Securities 
 to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) 
 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights ) 
 
 Numbers of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column(a)) (2) 
 
 Plan Category Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 664,732 2,413,823 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (3) 
 181,454 Total 664,732 2,595,277 
 
 (1) Includes RSUs and PRSUs. As of December 31, 2022, there were no stock options or SARs outstanding. The weighted-average exercise price set forth in this table excludes the effect of RSUs and PRSUs, which have no exercise price. 
 (2) Under the Equity Plan, each share (a) tendered or held back upon exercise of an option or settlement of an award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding with respect to an award, or (b) subject to SARs that are not issued in connection with the settlement of the SARs on exercise thereof, is made available to be re-awarded. For PRSUs, we consider the maximum number of shares that may be issued under the award to be outstanding upon grant. When the number of PRSUs that have been earned are determined, we true-up the actual number of shares that were awarded and return the unearned shares into shares available for issuance. This figure does not include shares underlying our Equity Plan that are forfeited, canceled or terminated after December 31, 2022. See additional information in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (11), Share-Based Compensation. 
 (3) On occasion, we have made employee award inducement equity grants to key employees outside of the Equity Plan. Although these awards were made outside of the Equity Plan, the key terms and conditions of each grant are the same in all material respects as equity awards made under the Equity Plan. Additionally, in 2014, the Board adopted the Company s 2014 Employment Inducement Plan under which we may issue up to 200,000 shares of our common stock to prospective employees. See additional information in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note (11), Share-Based Compensation. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement under the headings Corporate Governance Policies and Procedures Governing Conflicts of Interest and Related Party Transactions, Corporate Governance Director Independence, and Corporate Governance Committees of the Board. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the 2023 Annual Meeting Proxy Statement under the heading Ratification of the Selection of Independent Public Accounting Firm. 
 68 

Table of Con tents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) Documents filed as part of the report. 
 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All schedules have been omitted because the required information is presented in the financial statements or notes thereto, the amounts involved are not significant or the schedules are not applicable. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
 69 

Table of Con tents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2020, by and among AMN Healthcare, Inc., Stratus Video 2016 Group, LLC and Stratus Video Holding Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 14, 2020, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2020). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001, filed with the SEC on March 18, 2002). 
 3.2 Eleventh Amended and Restated By-laws of AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. dated December 14, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 14, 2022, filed with the SEC on December 16, 2022). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations of Series A Conditional Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 29, 2010, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2010). 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001, filed with the SEC on March 18, 2002). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of October 3, 2016, by and among AMN Healthcare, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed with the SEC on November 4, 2016). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2019, by and among AMN Healthcare, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, filed with the SEC on November 4, 2019). 
 4.4 Indenture, dated as of October 20, 2020, by and among AMN Healthcare, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 6, 2020). 
 4.5 Description of Securities. 
 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2018, by and among AMN Healthcare, Inc., as borrower, the guarantors party thereto , the lenders identified on the signature pages thereto, as lenders, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2018). 
 10.2 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2019, by and among AMN Healthcare, Inc., as borrower, the guarantors party thereto , the lenders identified on the signature pages thereto, as lenders, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019, filed with the SEC on August 7, 2019). 
 10.3 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2020, by and among AMN Healthcare, Inc., as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders identified on the signature pages thereto, as lenders, and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020). 
 10.4 Office Lease, dated as of April 2, 2002, between Kilroy Realty, L.P. and AMN Healthcare, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-86952), filed with the SEC on April 25, 2002). 
 10.5 First Amendment to Office Lease, dated as of May 31, 2002, between Kilroy Realty, L.P. and AMN Healthcare, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 
 10.6 Second Amendment to Office Lease, dated as of June 30, 2006, between Kilroy Realty, L.P. and AMN Healthcare, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 
 10.7 Third Amendment to Office Lease, dated as of June 30, 2014, between Kilroy Realty, L.P. and AMN Healthcare, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014, filed with the SEC on August 1, 2014). 
 10.8 Lease Termination Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2021, between Kilroy Realty, L.P. and AMN Healthcare, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, filed with the SEC on November 5, 2021). 
 
 70 

Table of Con tents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.9 Fourth Amendment to Office Lease, dated as of October 5, 2021, between Kilroy Realty, L.P. and AMN Healthcare, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022). 
 10.10 AMN Healthcare 2017 Equity Plan (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) effective as of April 19, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 19, 2017, filed with the SEC on April 25, 2017). 
 10.11 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Stock Appreciation Right Agreement Director (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 12, 2006, filed with the SEC on April 14, 2006). 
 10.12 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Director (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022). 
 10.13 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Stock Appreciation Right Agreement Officer (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 12, 2006, filed with the SEC on April 14, 2006). 
 10.14 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 12, 2006, filed with the SEC on April 14, 2006). 
 10.15 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, filed with the SEC on May 7, 2010). 
 10.16 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (TSR) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2011). 
 10.17 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Director (One Year Vesting and Settlement) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, filed with the SEC on August 7, 2012). 
 10.18 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (Adjusted EBITDA Margin) (Management Contract or Compensation Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, filed with the SEC on May 3, 2013). 
 10.19 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on May 2, 2014). 
 10.20 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (TSR) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on May 2, 2014). 
 10.21 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Director (One Year Vesting with Deferral) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, filed with the SEC on May 2, 2014). 
 10.22 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (TSR) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016). 
 10.23 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (Adjusted EBITDA Margin) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016). 
 10.24 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016). 
 
 71 

Table of Con tents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.25 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2016). 
 10.26 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (TSR) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2018). 
 10.27 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (Adjusted EBITDA Margin) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2018). 
 10.28 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2018). 
 10.29 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Director (One Year Vesting with Deferral) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2018). 
 10.30 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Director (One Year Vesting and Settlement) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2018). 
 10.31 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Executive (Adjusted EBITDA Margin) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on May 3, 2019). 
 10.32 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Executive (TSR) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on May 3, 2019). 
 10.33 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Non-Executive (Adjusted EBITDA Margin) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on May 3, 2019). 
 10.34 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Non-Executive (TSR)(Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on May 3, 2019). 
 10.35 Form of AMN Healthcare 2017 Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Non-Executive (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on May 3, 2019). 
 10.36 AMN Healthcare 2017 Senior Executive Incentive Bonus Plan (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit C of the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on March 9, 2017). 
 10.37 AMN Healthcare 2022 Senior Executive Performance and Retention Bonus Plan (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022). 
 10.38 The 2005 Amended and Restated Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan of AMN Healthcare, Inc., effective January 1, 2009 (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008, filed with the SEC on November 7, 2008). 
 10.39 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2005, between AMN Healthcare, Inc. and Susan R. Nowakowski (aka Susan R. Salka) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2005, filed with the SEC on May 9, 2005). 
 
 72 

Table of Con tents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.40 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2008, between AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. and Susan R. Nowakowski (aka Susan R. Salka) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022). 
 10.41 Transition Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2022, between AMN Healthcare, Inc. and Susan R. Salka (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022). 
 10.42 Form of Indemnification Agreement Officer and Director (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2010). 
 10.43 Form of AMN 2017 Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Officer (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on February 21, 2019). 
 10.44 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Executive (Adjusted EBITDA Growth) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020). 
 10.45 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Non-Executive (Adjusted EBITDA Growth) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020). 
 10.46 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Stratus Gross Profit) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020). 
 10.47 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Executive (Adjusted EBITDA Growth) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021). 
 10.48 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Non-Executive (Adjusted EBITDA Growth) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021). 
 10.49 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Executive (Adjusted EBITDA Growth) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022). 
 10.50 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Non-Executive (Adjusted EBITDA Growth) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022). 
 10.51 Amendment to Restricted Stock Unit Agreements, dated as of May 5, 2022, between AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. and Jeffrey Knudson (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022). 
 10.52 Form of AMN 2017 Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Executive (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement). 
 10.53 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Executive (Adjusted EBITDA Performance) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement). 
 10.54 Form of AMN Healthcare Equity Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Executive (TSR) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement). 
 10.55 Form of AMN 2017 Healthcare Equity Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement - Executive (Buy-Out) (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement). 
 
 73 

Table of Con tents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.56 Form of Amended and Restated Severance Agreement, effective as of May 8, 2020 (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020). 
 10.57 Severance Agreement, effective as of November 28, 2022, between AMN Healthcare, Inc. and Cary Grace (Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification by Caroline S. Grace pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 Certification by Jeffrey R. Knudson pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 Certification by Caroline S. Grace pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification by Jeffrey R. Knudson pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 74 

Table of Con tents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 AMN HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. / S / C AROLINE S. G RACE 
 Caroline S. Grace President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date: February 22, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on February 22, 2023. 
 / S / C AROLINE S. G RACE 
 Caroline S. Grace Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) / S / J EFFREY R. K NUDSON 
 Jeffrey R. Knudson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) / S / D OUGLAS D. W HEAT 
 Douglas D. Wheat Director and Chairman of the Board / S / J ORGE A. C ABALLERO 
 Jorge A. Caballero Director / S / M ARK G. F OLETTA 
 Mark G. Foletta Director /S/ T ERI G. F ONTENOT 
 Teri G. Fontenot Director / S / R. J EFFREY H ARRIS 
 R. Jeffrey Harris Director /S/ D APHNE E. J ONES 
 Daphne E. Jones Director / S / M ARTHA H. M ARSH 
 Martha H. Marsh Director / S / S YLVIA T RENT- A DAMS 
 Sylvia Trent-Adams Director 
 
 75 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 amn-ex45x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 
 Exhibit 4.5 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of December 31, 2022, AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. has two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (1) our common stock (2) our preferred stock. Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AMN. 
 The following description of our capital stock summarizes certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (our certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws (our by-laws ). The description is intended as a summary, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation and our by-laws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Defined terms used herein, but otherwise not defined, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our authorized capital stock currently consists of 200,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 
 Common Stock 
 The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. The common stock does not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of a majority of the outstanding common stock voting for the election of directors can elect all directors then being elected. The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as, and if declared by our board out of legally available funds. Upon our liquidation or dissolution, the holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for the distribution to stockholders after payment of liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any holders of preferred stock then outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock which may be issued in the future. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board is authorized to fix the dividend rights, dividend rates, any conversion rights or right of exchange, any voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, the redemption price or prices, the payments in the event of liquidation, and any other rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of any series of preferred stock and the number of shares constituting such series and their designation. 
 Depending upon the rights of such preferred stock, the issuance of preferred stock could have an adverse effect on holders of our common stock by delaying or preventing a change in control, adversely affecting the voting power of the holders of common stock, including the loss of voting control to others, making removal of the present management more difficult, or resulting in restrictions upon the payment of dividends and other distributions to the holders of common stock. These provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 
 Certain Certificate of Incorporation, By-Law and Statutory Provisions 
 The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and of the Delaware General Corporation Law summarized below may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that you might consider in your best interest, including an attempt that might result in your receipt of a premium over the market price for your shares. 
 Directors Liability Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that a director will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except 
 for any breach of the duty of loyalty 
 for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or knowing violations of law 
 1 

for liability under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (relating to unlawful dividends, stock repurchases, or stock redemptions) or 
 for any transaction from which the director derived any improper personal benefit. 
 This provision does not limit or eliminate our rights or those of any shareholder to seek non-monetary relief such as an injunction or rescission in the event of a breach of a director s duty of care. The provisions will not alter the liability of directors under federal securities laws. In addition, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws provide that we indemnify each director and the officers, employees, and agents determined by our board to the fullest extent provided by the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 Our by-laws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by (i) the board, (ii) the chairman or the presiding director (if one has been designated), or (iii) the holders of record, or beneficial holders, who for at least one year continuously own in the aggregate not less than 15 percent of the outstanding shares of common stock prior to the date such request is delivered to the secretary, subject to certain other additional requirements set forth in our by-laws. 
 Advance Notice Requirements For Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 Our by-laws establish advance notice procedures for 
 stockholders to nominate candidates for election as a director and 
 stockholders to propose topics at stockholders meetings. 
 Stockholders must notify our corporate secretary in writing prior to the meeting at which the matters are to be acted upon or the directors are to be elected. The notice must contain the information specified in our by-laws. To be timely, the notice must be received at our corporate headquarters not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders. If the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days, or delayed by more than 30 days, from the anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be received not earlier than the 120th day prior to the annual meeting and not later than the later of the 90th day prior to the annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which we notify stockholders of the date of the annual meeting, either by mail or other public disclosure. In the case of a special meeting of stockholders called to elect directors, the stockholder notice must be received not earlier than 120 days prior to the special meeting and not later than the later of the 90th day prior to the special meeting or 10th day following the day on which we notify stockholders of the date of the special meeting, either by mail or other public disclosure. A stockholder may nominate for election at an annual meeting a number of nominees not to exceed the number of directors to be elected at such annual meeting. These provisions may preclude some stockholders from bringing matters before the stockholders at an annual or special meeting or from nominating candidates for director at an annual or special meeting. 
 Proxy Access 
 Our by-laws provide that a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, that has continuously owned at least three percent of the outstanding common stock for three years, may nominate and include in our annual meeting proxy materials a number of director nominees not to exceed the greater of two individuals or 20 of the number of directors then serving on the board of directors. Such nominations are subject to additional requirements set forth in our by-laws, including the requirement that we must receive notice of such nominations not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the filing date of our definitive proxy statement for the prior year s annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law 
 In general, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prevents an interested stockholder (defined generally as a person owning 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock) of a Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination (as defined) for three years following the date that person became an interested stockholder unless various conditions are satisfied. Under our certificate of incorporation, we have opted out of the provisions of Section 203. 
 2 

Transfer Agent And Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 

3 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.52>
 3
 amn-ex1052x2022123110k.htm
 EX-10.52

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.52 

 AMN HEALTHCARE EQUITY PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), made this ______________ by and between AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, and ______________ (the Grantee ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Company sponsors the AMN Healthcare 2017 Equity Plan, (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ), and desires to afford the Grantee the opportunity to share in the appreciation of the Company s common stock, par value .01 per share Stock thereunder, thereby strengthening the Grantee s commitment to the welfare of the Company and Affiliates and promoting an identity of interest between stockholders and the Grantee. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . 
 The following definitions shall be applicable throughout the Agreement. Where capitalized terms are used but not defined herein, their meaning shall be that set forth in the Plan (unless the context indicates otherwise). 
 (a) Affiliate means (i) any entity that directly or indirectly is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company and (ii) any entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case, as determined by the Committee. 
 (b) Cause means (i) the definition of cause provided in the employment or severance agreement in effect between the Grantee and the Company or any Affiliate or (ii) if no such agreement exists, then the occurrence of any of the following (A) Grantee s failure to perform in any material respect his or her duties as an employee of the Company, (B) Grantee s violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and Principal Executive Officer, and or Securities Trading Policy, (C) the engaging by Grantee in willful misconduct or gross negligence which is injurious to the Company or any of its affiliates, monetarily or otherwise, (D) the commission by the Grantee of an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company or any of its affiliates, or (E) the conviction of the Grantee of a crime which constitutes a felony or any lesser crime that involves Company property or a pleading of guilty or nolo contendere with respect to a crime which constitutes a felony or any lesser crime that involves Company property, or (F) violation of any of the restrictive covenants in Section 9 hereof. 
 (c) Change in Control means 
 (i) the acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of a majority of the combined voting power of the then 

Exhibit 10.52 

 outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors 
 (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company or 
 (iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company that requires the approval of the Company s stockholders, whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities in the transaction (a Business Combination ), if immediately following such Business Combination (A) a Person is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of a majority of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation), or (B) the Company s stockholders prior to the Business Combination thereafter cease to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, a majority of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation), counting for this purpose only voting securities of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation) received by such stockholders in connection with the Business Combination. Surviving Corporation shall mean the corporation resulting from a Business Combination, and Parent Corporation shall mean the ultimate parent corporation that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Surviving Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 (d) Change in Control Termination means the occurrence of either of the following events during the Protection Period (i) the Company s termination of the Grantee s Service without Cause (other than due to death or Disability) or (ii) the Grantee s termination of his or her Service with Good Reason at a time when the Grantee could not have been terminated for Cause. 
 (e) Credited Service means the performance of Service on a substantially full time basis for a continuous twelve-month period. For this purpose, substantially full time basis shall mean that the Grantee provides regular and recurring services to the Company of at least 32 hours each week. The taking of approved paid time off or legally mandated leave, such as FMLA, does not interrupt this period of Credited Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may treat periods of less than full time employment, in whole or in part, as Credited Service in its sole discretion. 
 (f) Disabled has the meaning set forth in Section 13(c)(ii) of the Plan. 
 (g) Good Reason means (i) the definition of good reason provided in the employment or severance agreement in effect between the Grantee and the Company or any Affiliate or (ii) if no such agreement exists, then the occurrence of any of the following events without the Grantee s express written consent (A) a material reduction in the Grantee s base salary or target annual bonus compensation as in effect on the date immediately prior to a Change in Control, (B) the Company s assignment to the Grantee without the Grantee s consent of duties materially and adversely inconsistent with the Grantee s position, duties or responsibilities as in effect immediately before the Change in Control, including, but not limited to, any material reduction in such position, duties or responsibilities, or a change in the Grantee s title or office, as then in effect, or any removal of the Grantee from any of such positions, titles or offices, or (C) the Company s relocation of the Grantee s principal place of employment to a locale that is more than fifty (50) miles from the Grantee s principal place of employment immediately prior to the Change in Control. 

Exhibit 10.52 

 (h) Grant Date means ______________, which is the date the Committee authorized this RSU grant. 
 (i) NQDC Plan means the Company s 2005 Amended and Restated Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan, as may be amended from time to time. 
 (j) Protection Period means the period beginning on the date that is six (6) months before the effective date of a Change in Control and ending on the second anniversary of the effective date of the Change in Control. 
 (k) Restricted Stock Unit(s) or RSU(s) means the restricted stock unit granted under Section 2. 
 (l) Retirement means termination of Grantee s Service (other than for Cause or due to a Change in Control Termination) on or after attainment of age 55 with at least 15 full years of aggregate Service and provided further that the Grantee does not subsequently obtain employment with another employer. For clarity, only twelve (12) months of continuous Service shall count as a full year of Service for purposes of determining if Grantee is eligible for Retirement. 
 (m) Service means the performance of services for the Company (or any Affiliate) by a person in the capacity of an officer or other employee or key person (including consultants). 
 2. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee an aggregate of ______________ Restricted Stock Units RSUs ). 
 3. Vesting Schedule . No RSUs may be settled until they shall have vested. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement or in the Plan, the RSUs will vest in three tranches on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the Grant Date and the Grantee s provision of three periods of Credited Service. The first tranche, equal to 33 of the RSUs granted, will vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date and the Grantee s provision of one period of Credited Service. The second tranche, equal to 33 of the RSUs granted, will vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date and the Grantee s provision of a second period of Credited Service. The final tranche, equal to 34 of the RSUs granted, will vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date and the Grantee s provision of a third period of Credited Service. 
 4. Settlement and Deferral of RSUs . 
 (a) Each vested RSU entitles the Grantee to receive one share of Stock on the Settlement Date , which shall be the later of (i) the vesting date for such RSU, provided, however, if there is an accelerated vesting of all or a portion of the RSUs under Section 6 hereof, the Settlement Date for any such accelerated RSUs shall be the date on which it is determined that the conditions to acceleration have been met or (ii) the end of the deferral period specified by the Grantee. The deferral period shall be no less than four (4) years and five (5) days from the Grant Date. Such deferral election shall be made within 30 days of the Grant Date. The deferral of RSUs shall be subject to the NQDC Plan and the applicable deferral election. 
 (b) Shares of Stock underlying the RSUs shall be issued and delivered to the Grantee in accordance with paragraph (a) and upon compliance to the satisfaction of the Committee with all requirements under applicable laws or regulations in connection with such issuance and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan. The determination of the Committee as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Grantee. The shares of Stock delivered to 

Exhibit 10.52 

 the Grantee pursuant to this Section 4 shall be free and clear of all liens, fully paid and non-assessable. In no event shall fractional shares of Stock be issued. 
 (c) Until such time as shares of Stock have been issued to the Grantee pursuant to paragraph (b) above, and except as set forth in Section 5 below regarding dividend equivalents, the Grantee shall not have any rights as a holder of the shares of Stock underlying this Grant including but not limited to voting rights. 
 (d) The Grantee may be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold from any shares of Stock or other property deliverable under the RSU or from any compensation or other amounts owing to the Grantee the amount (in cash, Stock or other property) of any required tax withholding and payroll taxes in respect of an RSU vesting or settlement and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of clause (d) above, in the Committee s sole discretion the Grantee may satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding liability by having the Company withhold from the number of shares of Stock otherwise issuable pursuant to the settlement of the RSU a number of shares with a Fair Market Value equal to such withholding liability. 
 5. Dividend Equivalents . If on any date the Company shall pay any cash dividend on shares of Stock of the Company, the number of RSUs credited to the Grantee shall, as of such date, be increased by an amount determined by the following formula 
 W (X multiplied by Y) divided by Z, where 
 W the number of additional RSUs to be credited to the Grantee on such dividend payment date 
 X the aggregate number of RSUs (whether vested or unvested) credited to the Grantee as of the record date of the dividend 
 Y the cash dividend per share amount and 
 Z the Fair Market Value per share of Stock (as determined under the Plan) on the dividend payment date. 
 6. Termination of Service . 
 (a) Except as provided below, if the Grantee s Service terminates for any reason prior to the Settlement Date, then all vested RSUs shall be settled in accordance with Section 4, and any unvested RSUs shall be forfeited. 
 (b) If the Grantee s Service terminates due to Retirement at any time after six (6) months from the Grant Date but before the Settlement Date, then provided that the Grantee continuously remains in Retirement status after termination of Service, the Grantee shall continue to vest in all of the Grantee s RSUs according to the schedule established in Section 3 as though the Grantee s Service had not terminated (and, for the sake of clarity, as though the Grantee met all Credited Service requirements), and such RSUs shall be settled at the time specified in Section 4 hereof. 

Exhibit 10.52 

 (c) If the Grantee s Service terminates due to a Change in Control Termination after the Grant Date but before the Settlement Date, then on the date of the Grantee s termination (or, if later, on the effective date of the Change in Control), 100 of the RSUs shall become immediately vested and settled according to Section 4 hereof. 
 (d) In the event of the Grantee s death or if the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that the Grantee has become Disabled, in each case, after the Grant Date and prior to third anniversary of the Grant Date), 100 of the RSUs shall become immediately vested and, regardless of the Grantee s deferral election, the Company as soon as reasonably practicable shall issue shares of Stock to the Grantee (or the Grantee s designated beneficiary or estate executor in the event of the Grantee s death) with respect to the RSUs that have vested hereunder but for which shares of Stock had not yet been issued to the Grantee. 
 (e) If the Grantee s Service is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason, in each case after the Grant Date (other than due to a Change in Control Termination), then a pro-rata portion of the RSUs based on a fraction equal to the number of full calendar months that have elapsed from the Grant Date through and inclusive of the termination date divided by 36, less any RSUs that have previously vested and settled prior to the termination date, shall become immediately vested and settled according to Section 4 hereof. 
 (f) If the Grantee s service terminates for Cause, then any outstanding RSUs, whether vested or unvested, shall be forfeited and cancelled as of the Grantee s termination date. If the Grantee s employment is terminated due to a reason specified in (b)-(e) above but, after such termination, the Committee determines that it would have had Cause to terminate the Grantee s Service if all the relevant facts had been known to the Committee as of the date of the Grantee s termination, then all outstanding RSUs shall immediately be forfeited and cancelled, whether or not vested, as of the date of the Committee s determination. 
 7. Company Grantee . 
 (a) The term Company as used in this Agreement with reference to employment shall include the Company, its Subsidiaries and its Affiliates, as appropriate. 
 (b) Whenever the word Grantee is used in any provision of this Agreement under circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to the beneficiaries, the executors, the administrators, or the person or persons to whom the RSUs may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, the word Grantee shall be deemed to include such person or persons. 
 8. Non-Transferability . The RSUs granted herein are not transferable by the Grantee other than to a designated beneficiary upon death, by will or the laws of descent and distribution, to a trust solely for the benefit of the Grantee or his her immediate family or, in the case of the RSUs being held by such a trust, by the trustee. 
 9. Forfeiture for Violation of Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) Non-Compete . The Grantee agrees that during the term of the Grantee s employment and for a period of two years thereafter (the Coverage Period the Grantee will not engage in, consult with, participate in, hold a position as shareholder, director, officer, consultant, employee, partner or investor, or otherwise assist any business entity (i) in any State of the United States of America or (ii) in any other country in which the Company (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes for all purposes of this Section 9 any and all of its divisions, Affiliates or Subsidiaries) has business activities, in either case, that is engaged in (A) 

Exhibit 10.52 

 any activities that are competitive with the business of providing (I) healthcare or other personnel on a temporary or permanent placement basis to hospitals, healthcare facilities, healthcare provider practice groups or other entities, (II) managed services programs, workforce management systems, workforce consulting services, predictive modeling, staff scheduling, credentialing services, revenue cycle solutions, or language services or (III) healthcare workforce technology platforms, including language services, software-as-a-service vendor management solutions, workforce optimization services, recruitment process outsourcing services, telehealth services, credentialing services, and flex pool management and other outsourced solutions services , or (B) any other business in which the Company is then engaged, in each case, including any and all business activities reasonably related thereto. 
 (b) Non-Solicit . The Grantee agrees that during the Coverage Period, the Grantee shall not solicit, attempt to solicit or endeavor to entice away from the Company any person who, at any time during the term of the Grantee s employment was a healthcare professional (including a healthcare executive) of the Company, or an employee, customer, permanent placement candidate, client or supplier of the Company. 
 (c) Confidential and Proprietary Information . The Grantee agrees that the Grantee will not, at any time make use of or divulge to any other person, firm or corporation any confidential or proprietary information concerning the business or policies of the Company (which includes, for the avoidance of doubt, any and all of its divisions, Affiliates or Subsidiaries). For purposes of this Agreement, any confidential information shall constitute any information designated as confidential or proprietary by the Company or otherwise known by the Grantee to be confidential or proprietary information including, without limitation, customer information. The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that for purposes of this Agreement, customer information includes without limitation, customer lists, all lists of professional personnel, names, addresses, phone numbers, contact persons, preferences, pricing arrangements, requirements and practices. The Grantee s obligation under this Section 9(c) shall not apply to any information that (i) is known publicly (ii) is in the public domain or hereafter enters the public domain without the fault of the Grantee or (iii) is hereafter disclosed to the Grantee by a third party not under an obligation of confidence to the Company. The Grantee agrees not to remove from the premises of the Company, except as an employee of the Company in pursuit of the business of the Company or except as specifically permitted in writing by the Company, any document or other object containing or reflecting any such confidential or proprietary information. The Grantee recognizes that all such information, whether developed by the Grantee or by someone else, will be the sole exclusive property of the Company. Upon termination of employment, the Grantee shall forthwith deliver to the Company all such confidential or proprietary information, including without limitation all lists of customers, pricing methods, financial structures, correspondence, accounts, records and any other documents, computer disks, computer programs, software, laptops, modems or property made or held by the Grantee or under the Grantee s control in relation to the business or affairs of the Company, and no copy of any such confidential or proprietary information shall be retained by the Grantee. 
 (d) Forfeiture for Violations . If the Grantee shall at any time violate the provisions of Section 9(a), (b), or (c), the Grantee shall immediately forfeit his her RSUs (whether vested or unvested) and any issuance of shares of Stock that occurs after (or within six (6) months before) any such violation shall be void ab initio . 
 (e) Additional Agreement . For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 9 shall be in addition to and shall not supersede (or be superseded by) any other agreements related to the subject matter of this Section 9 contained in any confidentiality agreement, noncompetition agreement or any other agreement between the Grantee and the Company. 

Exhibit 10.52 

 10. Rights as Stockholder . The Grantee or a transferee of the RSUs shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any share of Stock covered by the RSUs until the Grantee shall have become the holder of record of such share of Stock and no adjustment shall be made for dividends or distributions or other rights in respect of such share of Stock for which the record date is prior to the date upon which Grantee shall become the holder of record thereof. 
 11. Successor. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Company. The Company agrees that it will make appropriate provisions for the preservation of the Grantee s rights under this Agreement in any agreement or plan that it may enter into or adopt to effect any such merger, consolidation, reorganization or transfer of assets. 
 12. Notice . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered by hand, by mail or electronic transmission (with confirmation of transmission) to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein provided, provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the Grantee to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Grantee may be given to the Grantee personally or may be mailed or e-mailed to the Grantee at the Grantee s address or e-mail as recorded in the records of the Company. 
 13. No Right to Continued Employment . This Agreement shall not be construed as giving the Grantee the right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. Further, the Company or an Affiliate may at any time dismiss the Grantee or discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any liability or any claim under this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 
 14. Binding Effect . Subject to Section 8 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators and successors of the parties hereto. 
 15. Amendment of Agreement . The Committee may, to the extent consistent with the terms of this Agreement, waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any portion of the RSUs heretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would adversely impair the rights of the Grantee in respect of any RSUs already granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Grantee. 
 16. RSUs Subject to Plan and NQDC Plan . By entering into this Agreement, the Grantee agrees and acknowledges that the Grantee has received and read a copy of the Plan and a copy of the NQDC Plan. The RSUs are subject to the terms of Plan, and the NQDC Plan if the RSUs are deferred under the NQDC Plan. The terms and provisions of the plans as they may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of either the Plan or the NQDC Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the applicable plan will govern and prevail. 
 17. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 

Exhibit 10.52 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. 
 By _________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 GRANTEE 
 By ___________________________________ 
 Name 

</EX-10.52>

<EX-10.53>
 4
 amn-ex1053x2022123110k.htm
 EX-10.53

Document 
 Exhibit 10.53 

AMN HEALTHCARE EQUITY PLAN PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 (ADJUSTED EBITDA PERFORMANCE) 
 THIS PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), made this ______________, by and between AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, and ______________ (the Grantee ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Company sponsors the AMN Healthcare 2017 Equity Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ), and desires to afford the Grantee the opportunity to receive shares of the Company s common stock, par value .01 per share Stock ), thereunder, thereby strengthening the Grantee s commitment to the welfare of the Company and Affiliates and promoting an identity of interest between stockholders and the Grantee. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . 
 The following definitions shall be applicable throughout the Agreement. Where capitalized terms are used but not defined herein, their meaning shall be that set forth in the Plan (unless the context indicates otherwise). 
 (a) Adjusted EBITDA means for the Company and its wholly owned Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, net income (loss) plus interest expense (net of interest income), income taxes, depreciation and amortization, acquisition related costs, stock-based compensation expense, integration expenses, debt refinancing and other corporate reorganizational costs, extraordinary legal costs (including damages, settlements and attorney s fees), changes in GAAP treatment of revenue expenses, discontinued operations, goodwill and other identified intangible asset impairments and expenses resulting from severance arrangements with terminated employees, and net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes. 
 (b) Adjusted EBITDA Growth Rate means, with respect to the two-year period covering the second and third calendar years in the Performance Period, the percentage by which the Compounded Annual Adjusted EBITDA for the second and third calendar years exceeds the Adjusted EBITDA of the first calendar year of the Performance Period provided that if the Adjusted EBITDA for the first calendar year in the Performance Period was less than the total dollar amount required to achieve the Threshold Ratio to Adjusted EBITDA Performance Target in Schedule I attached hereto, the Adjusted EBITDA for the first calendar year of the Performance Period for purposes of this definition will be deemed to be the lowest dollar amount that was required to achieve the Threshold Ratio to Adjusted EBITDA Performance Target for such year and provided further that, if the Adjusted EBITDA for such first calendar year exceeded the total dollar amount required to achieve the Maximum Ratio to Adjusted EBITDA Performance Target in Schedule I, the Adjusted EBITDA for the first calendar year of the Performance Period for purposes of this definition will be deemed to be the lowest dollar amount that was required to achieve the Maximum Ratio to Adjusted EBITDA Performance Target for such year . Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, if the Company (or one of its Subsidiaries) acquires a business during the Performance Period, then, for purposes of calculating the Adjusted EBITDA Growth Rate for 2024 and 2025, the Adjusted EBITDA for the preceding calendar year(s) in the Performance Period shall be adjusted to include the pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA of the acquired business from the time period of one year if the acquisition is made in 2024 

Exhibit 10.53 

 and two years if the acquisition is made in 2025 prior to the acquisition date to the end of the immediately preceding calendar year. Additionally, to determine the EBITDA growth rate for the calendar year(s) in the Performance Period following the acquisition, the Adjusted EBITDA for the calendar year of the acquisition shall be adjusted to include pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA of the acquired business from January 1 st to the day prior to the acquisition date. For the purposes of clarity, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the performance of any acquisitions made by the Company during 2023 will be not be considered when calculating the Adjusted EBITDA Growth Rate for 2023. 
 (c) Affiliate means (i) any entity that directly or indirectly is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company and (ii) any entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case, as determined by the Committee. 
 (d) Cause means (i) the definition of cause provided in the employment or severance agreement in effect between the Grantee and the Company or any Affiliate or (ii) if no such agreement exists, then the occurrence of any of the following, as determined by the Company in its reasonable discretion (A) Grantee s failure to perform in any material respect his or her duties as an employee of the Company, (B) violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and Principal Executive Officer (if applicable), and or Securities Trading Policy, (C) the engaging by the Grantee in willful misconduct or gross negligence which is injurious to the Company or any of its Affiliates, monetarily or otherwise, (D) the commission by Grantee of an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company or any of its Affiliates, (E) the conviction of the Grantee of a crime which constitutes a felony or any lesser crime that involves Company property or a pleading of guilty or nolo contendere with respect to a crime which constitutes a felony or any lesser crime that involves Company property, or (F) violation of any of the restrictive covenants in Section 9 hereof. 
 (e) Change in Control means 
 (i) the acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors 
 (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company or 
 (iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company that requires the approval of the Company s stockholders, whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities in the transaction (a Business Combination ), if immediately following such Business Combination (A) a Person is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of a majority of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation), or (B) the Company s stockholders prior to the Business Combination thereafter cease to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, a majority of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation), counting for this purpose only voting securities of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation) received by such stockholders in connection with the Business Combination. Surviving Corporation shall mean the corporation resulting from a Business Combination, and Parent Corporation shall mean the ultimate parent corporation that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Surviving Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 

Exhibit 10.53 

 (f) Change in Control Termination means the occurrence of either of the following events during the Protection Period (i) the Company s termination of the Grantee s Service without Cause (other than due to death or Disability) or (ii) the Grantee s termination of his or her Service with Good Reason at a time when the Grantee could not have been terminated for Cause. 
 (g) Credited Service means the performance of Service on a substantially full time basis for a continuous twelve-month period. For this purpose, substantially full time basis shall mean that the Grantee provides regular and recurring services to the Company of at least 32 hours each week. The taking of approved paid time off or legally mandated leave, such as FMLA, does not interrupt this period of Credited Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may treat periods of less than full time employment, in whole or in part, as Credited Service in its sole discretion. 
 (h) Disabled has the meaning set forth in Section 13(c)(ii) of the Plan. 
 (i) Good Reason means (i) the definition of good reason provided in the employment or severance agreement in effect between the Grantee and the Company or any Affiliate or (ii) if no such agreement exists, then the occurrence of either of the following without the Grantee s express written consent (A) a material reduction in the Grantee s base salary compared to the base salary in effect on the date immediately prior to the beginning of the Protection Period or (B) relocation of the Grantee s principal place of employment to a place more than 50 miles from its location as of the date immediately prior to the beginning of the Protection Period. 
 (j) Grant Date means _______________. 
 (k) NQDC Plan means the Company s 2005 Amended and Restated Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan, as may be amended from time to time. 
 (l) Performance Period means the period of three calendar years beginning January 1, 2023. 
 (m) Performance Restricted Stock Unit(s) or PRSU(s) means the performance restricted stock units granted under Section 2. 
 (n) Protection Period means the period beginning on the date that is six (6) months before the effective date of a Change in Control and ending on the second anniversary of the effective date of the Change in Control. 
 (o) Retirement means termination of Grantee s Service (other than for Cause or due to a Change in Control Termination) on or after attainment of age 55 with at least 15 full years of aggregate Service and provided further that the Grantee does not subsequently obtain employment with another employer. For clarity, only twelve (12) months of continuous Service shall count as a full year of Service for purposes of determining if Grantee is eligible for Retirement. 
 (p) Service means the performance of services for the Company (or any Affiliate) by a person in the capacity of an officer or other employee or key person (including consultants). 
 (q) Vesting Date means the date on which the Grantee has performed three full periods of Credited Service the first period of which shall commence on the Grant Date. 
 2. Grant of Performance Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee ______________ (the Target Number PRSUs. The Committee will determine the number of PRSUs at the end of the Performance Period Actual PRSUs or upon a Change in Control in accordance with the performance schedule attached hereto as Schedule I (the Performance Schedule ), which Actual PRSUs will be subject to 

Exhibit 10.53 

 additional time-based vesting. The number of Actual PRSUs may be greater or fewer than the Target Number. 
 3. Vesting Schedule . Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement or in the Plan, the Actual PRSUs (as determined in accordance with the Performance Schedule) shall vest on the Vesting Date. All PRSUs that do not become Actual PRSUs shall be cancelled and be null and void on the date the Committee calculates the Adjusted EBITDA Growth Rate for the last calendar year in the Performance Period, which shall occur within sixty (60) days of the end of the Performance Period (the Calculation Date ). 
 4. Settlement and Deferral of PRSUs . 
 (a) Each vested Actual PRSU entitles the Grantee to receive one share of Stock on the Settlement Date , which shall be the later of (i) the Vesting Date (or the Calculation Date, if later than the Vesting Date), and (ii) the end of the deferral period specified by the Grantee. The deferral period shall be no less than four (4) years and five (5) days from the Grant Date. Such deferral election shall be made within 30 days of the Grant Date. Any deferral of the PRSUs shall be subject to the NQDC Plan and the applicable deferral election form. 
 (b) Shares of Stock underlying the vested Actual PRSUs shall be issued and delivered to the Grantee in accordance with paragraph (a) and upon compliance to the satisfaction of the Committee with all requirements under applicable laws or regulations in connection with such issuance and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan. The determination of the Committee as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Grantee. The shares of Stock delivered to the Grantee pursuant to this Section 4 shall be free and clear of all liens, fully paid and non-assessable. In no event shall fractional shares of Stock be issued. 
 (c) Until such time as shares of Stock have been issued to the Grantee pursuant to paragraph (b) above, and except as set forth in Section 5 below regarding dividend equivalents, the Grantee shall not have any rights as a holder of the shares of Stock underlying this Grant including but not limited to voting rights. 
 (d) The Grantee may be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold from any shares of Stock or other property deliverable in respect of a vested Actual PRSU or from any compensation or other amounts owing to the Grantee the amount (in cash, Stock or other property) of any required tax withholding and payroll taxes in respect of such Actual PRSUs vesting or settlement and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of clause (d) above, in the Committee s sole discretion the Grantee may satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding liability by having the Company withhold from the number of shares of Stock otherwise issuable pursuant to the settlement of vested Actual PRSUs a number of shares with a Fair Market Value equal to such withholding liability. 
 5. Dividend Equivalents . If on any date the Company shall pay any cash dividend on shares of Stock of the Company, the number of Actual PRSUs credited to the Grantee pursuant to the Performance Schedule shall, as of such date (or as of the Calculation Date if such dividend occurs before the Calculation Date), be increased by an amount determined by the following formula 
 W (X multiplied by Y) divided by Z, where 
 W the number of additional PRSUs to be credited to the Grantee on such dividend payment date 

Exhibit 10.53 

 X the aggregate number of PRSUs (whether vested or unvested) credited to the Grantee as of the record date of the dividend (or the Calculation Date, as applicable) 
 Y the cash dividend per share amount and 
 Z the Fair Market Value per share of Stock (as determined under the Plan) on the dividend payment date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, no dividend equivalents shall be credited to PRSUs prior to the determination of the number of Actual PRSUs. 
 6. Termination of Service . 
 (a) Except as provided below, if the Grantee s Service terminates for any reason prior to the Settlement Date, then all unvested PRSUs (or all unvested Actual PRSUs, as applicable) shall be forfeited. 
 (b) If the Grantee s Service terminates due to Retirement at any time after 6 (six) months from the Grant Date but before the Settlement Date, then provided that the Grantee continuously remains in Retirement status after termination of Service, the Grantee shall continue to vest in all of the Grantee s unvested PRSUs (or all unvested Actual PRSUs, as applicable) according to the terms of this Agreement as though the Grantee s Service had not terminated. For clarity, the Grantee s Actual PRSUs shall be determined at the end of the Performance Period according to the Performance Schedule based on actual performance, and such Actual PRSUs shall be settled at the time specified in Section 4 hereof. 
 (c) If the Grantee s Service terminates due to a Change in Control Termination after the Grant Date but before the end of the Performance Period, then on the date of the Grantee s termination or, if later, on the effective date of the Change in Control, the Actual PRSUs shall be vested and settled according to Section 4 hereof. If the Grantee s Service terminates due to a Change in Control Termination after the end of the Performance Period but before the Settlement Date, then on the date of the Grantee s termination (or, if later, on the effective date of the Change in Control), all of the Grantee s Actual PRSUs shall become immediately vested and settled according to Section 4 hereof. 
 (d) In the event of the Grantee s death or if the Committee s determines, in its sole discretion, that the Grantee has become Disabled, in each case, after the Grant Date and prior to the end of the Performance Period, then, upon the date of the Grantee s death or the date the Committee determines the Grantee is Disabled (for purposes of this paragraph, the determination date ), the following percentage of the Target Number of PRSUs shall become immediately vested, be considered Actual PRSUs and, regardless of the Grantee s deferral election, be settled as soon as reasonably practicable by the Company issuing shares of Stock to the Grantee (or the Grantee s designated beneficiary or estate executor in the event of the Grantee s death) the sum of (i) the Actual PRSUs earned with respect to any completed calendar year in the Performance Period as of the determination date, plus (ii) 100 of the Target Number of PRSUs allocated to any calendar year in the Performance Period that has not yet been completed as of the determination date. In the event the Grantee dies or becomes Disabled (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) on or after the end of the Performance Period and prior to (or on) the Settlement Date, the Grantee shall be entitled to receive shares of Stock underlying all vested Actual PRSUs, and regardless of the Grantee s deferral election, the Company, as soon as reasonably practicable, shall issue the applicable number of shares of Stock to the Grantee (or the Grantee s designated beneficiary or estate executor in the event of the Grantee s death). 
 (e) If the Grantee s Service is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason, in each case after the Grant Date but before the end of the 

Exhibit 10.53 

 Performance Period (other than due to a Change in Control Termination), then a pro-rata portion of the PRSUs based on a fraction equal to the number of full calendar months that have elapsed from the first day of the Performance Period through and inclusive of the termination date divided by 36 shall remain eligible to vest at the end of the Performance Period according to the Performance Schedule based on actual performance, and such vested PRSUs shall be settled at the time specified in Section 4 hereof. 
 (f) If the Grantee s employment is terminated due to a reason specified in (b)-(e) above but, after such termination, the Committee determines that it would have had Cause to terminate the Grantee s Service if all the relevant facts had been known to the Committee as of the date of the Grantee s termination, then all PRSUs and Actual PRSUs shall immediately be forfeited and cancelled, whether or not vested, as of the date of the Committee s determination. 
 7. Company Grantee . 
 (a) The term Company as used in this Agreement with reference to employment shall include the Company, its Subsidiaries and its Affiliates, as appropriate. 
 (b) Whenever the word Grantee is used in any provision of this Agreement under circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to the beneficiaries, the executors, the administrators, or the person or persons to whom the PRSUs may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, the word Grantee shall be deemed to include such person or persons. 
 8. Non-Transferability . The PRSUs granted herein are not transferable by the Grantee other than to a designated beneficiary upon death, by will or the laws of descent and distribution, to a trust solely for the benefit of the Grantee or his her immediate family or, in the case of the PRSUs being held by such a trust, by the trustee. 
 9. Forfeiture for Violation of Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) Non-Compete . The Grantee agrees that during the term of the Grantee s employment and for a period of two years thereafter (the Coverage Period the Grantee will not engage in, consult with, participate in, hold a position as shareholder, director, officer, consultant, employee, partner or investor, or otherwise assist any business entity (i) in any State of the United States of America or (ii) in any other country in which the Company (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes for all purposes of this Section 9 any and all of its divisions, Affiliates or Subsidiaries) has business activities, in either case, that is engaged in (A) any activities that are competitive with the business of providing (I) healthcare or other personnel on a temporary or permanent placement basis to hospitals, healthcare facilities, healthcare provider practice groups or other entities, (II) managed services programs, workforce management systems, workforce consulting services, predictive modeling, staff scheduling, credentialing services, revenue cycle solutions, or language services or (III) healthcare workforce technology platforms, including language services, software-as-a-service vendor management solutions, workforce optimization services, recruitment process outsourcing services, telehealth services, credentialing services, and flex pool management and other outsourced solutions services, or (B) any other business in which the Company is then engaged, in each case, including any and all business activities reasonably related thereto. 
 (b) Non-Solicit . The Grantee agrees that during the Coverage Period, the Grantee shall not solicit, attempt to solicit or endeavor to entice away from the Company any person who, at any time during the term of the Grantee s employment was a healthcare professional (including a healthcare executive) of the Company, or an employee, customer, permanent placement candidate, client or supplier of the Company. 

Exhibit 10.53 

 (c) Confidential and Proprietary Information . The Grantee agrees that the Grantee will not, at any time make use of or divulge to any other person, firm or corporation any confidential or proprietary information concerning the business or policies of the Company (which includes, for the avoidance of doubt, any and all of its divisions, Affiliates or Subsidiaries). For purposes of this Agreement, any confidential information shall constitute any information designated as confidential or proprietary by the Company or otherwise known by the Grantee to be confidential or proprietary information including, without limitation, customer information. The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that for purposes of this Agreement, customer information includes without limitation, customer lists, all lists of professional personnel, names, addresses, phone numbers, contact persons, preferences, pricing arrangements, requirements and practices. The Grantee s obligation under this Section 9(c) shall not apply to any information that (i) is known publicly (ii) is in the public domain or hereafter enters the public domain without the fault of the Grantee or (iii) is hereafter disclosed to the Grantee by a third party not under an obligation of confidence to the Company. The Grantee agrees not to remove from the premises of the Company, except as an employee of the Company in pursuit of the business of the Company or except as specifically permitted in writing by the Company, any document or other object containing or reflecting any such confidential or proprietary information. The Grantee recognizes that all such information, whether developed by the Grantee or by someone else, will be the sole exclusive property of the Company. Upon termination of employment, the Grantee shall forthwith deliver to the Company all such confidential or proprietary information, including without limitation all lists of customers, pricing methods, financial structures, correspondence, accounts, records and any other documents, computer disks, computer programs, software, laptops, modems or property made or held by the Grantee or under the Grantee s control in relation to the business or affairs of the Company, and no copy of any such confidential or proprietary information shall be retained by the Grantee. 
 (d) Forfeiture for Violations . If the Grantee shall at any time violate the provisions of Section 9(a), (b), or (c), the Grantee shall immediately forfeit his her Actual PRSUs (whether vested or unvested) and any issuance of shares of Stock that occurs after (or within six (6) months before) any such violation shall be void ab initio. 
 (e) Additional Agreement . For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 9 shall be in addition to and shall not supersede (or be superseded by) any other agreements related to the subject matter of this Section 9 contained in any confidentiality agreement, noncompetition agreement or any other agreement between the Grantee and the Company. 
 10. Rights as Stockholder . The Grantee or a transferee of the Actual PRSUs shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any share of Stock covered by the Actual PRSUs until the Grantee shall have become the holder of record of such share of Stock and no adjustment shall be made for dividends or distributions or other rights in respect of such share of Stock for which the record date is prior to the date upon which Grantee shall become the holder of record thereof. 
 11. Successor . The obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Company. The Company agrees that it will make appropriate provisions for the preservation of the Grantee s rights under this Agreement in any agreement or plan that it may enter into or adopt to effect any such merger, consolidation, reorganization or transfer of assets. 
 12. Notice . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered by hand, by mail or electronic transmission (with 

Exhibit 10.53 

 confirmation of transmission) to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein provided, provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the Grantee to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Grantee may be given to the Grantee personally or may be mailed or e-mailed to the Grantee at the Grantee s address or e-mail as recorded in the records of the Company. 
 13. No Right to Continued Employment . This Agreement shall not be construed as giving the Grantee the right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. Further, the Company or an Affiliate may at any time dismiss the Grantee or discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any liability or any claim under this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 
 14. Binding Effect . Subject to Section 8 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators and successors of the parties hereto. 
 15. Amendment of Agreement . The Committee may, to the extent consistent with the terms of this Agreement, waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any portion of the PRSUs heretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would adversely impair the rights of the Grantee in respect of any PRSUs already granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Grantee. 
 16. PRSUs Subject to Plan and NQDC Plan . By entering into this Agreement, the Grantee agrees and acknowledges that the Grantee has received and read a copy of the Plan and a copy of the NQDC Plan. The PRSUs are subject to the terms of Plan, and the NQDC Plan if the PRSUs are deferred under the NQDC Plan. The terms and provisions of the plans as they may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of either the Plan or the NQDC Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the applicable plan will govern and prevail. 
 17. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 

Exhibit 10.53 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. 
 By ___________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 By ___________________________________ 
 Name 

Exhibit 10.53 

 SCHEDULE I Performance Schedule 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.54>
 5
 amn-ex1054x2022123110k.htm
 EX-10.54

Document 
 Exhibit 10.54 

AMN HEALTHCARE EQUITY PLAN PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 (TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN) 
 THIS PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), made this ______________ by and between AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, and ______________ (the Grantee ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Company sponsors the AMN Healthcare 2017 Equity Plan, (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ), and desires to afford the Grantee the opportunity to share in the appreciation of the Company s common stock, par value .01 per share Stock ), thereunder, thereby strengthening the Grantee s commitment to the welfare of the Company and Affiliates and promoting an identity of interest between stockholders and the Grantee. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . 
 The following definitions shall be applicable throughout the Agreement. Where capitalized terms are used but not defined herein, their meaning shall be that set forth in the Plan (unless the context indicates otherwise). 
 (a) Accumulated Shares means, for a given day, and for a given Peer Company or the Company, the sum of (i) one share of common stock of the applicable company (as included on the Russell 2000), plus (ii) a cumulative number of shares of common stock purchased with dividends declared on the common stock, assuming same day reinvestment of the dividends into shares of common stock at the closing price on the ex-dividend date, for ex-dividend dates during the Opening Average Period or for the period between January 1, 2022 and the last day of the Closing Average Period, as the case may be. 
 (b) Affiliate means (i) any entity that directly or indirectly is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company and (ii) any entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case, as determined by the Committee. 
 (c) Cause means (i) the definition of cause provided in the employment or severance agreement in effect between the Grantee and the Company or any Affiliate or (ii) if no such agreement exists, then the occurrence of any of the following (A) Grantee s failure to perform in any material respect his or her duties as an employee of the Company, (B) Grantee s violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and Principal Executive Officer, and or Securities Trading Policy, (C) the engaging by Grantee in willful misconduct or gross negligence which is injurious to the Company or any of its affiliates, monetarily or otherwise, (D) the commission by the Grantee of an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company or any of its affiliates, (E) the conviction of the Grantee of a crime which constitutes a felony or any lesser crime that involves Company property or a pleading of guilty or nolo contendere with respect to a crime which constitutes a felony or any lesser crime that involves Company property, or (F) violation of any of the restrictive covenants in Section 9 hereof. 

Exhibit 10.54 

 (d) Change in Control means 
 (i) the acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors 
 (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company or 
 (iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company that requires the approval of the Company s stockholders, whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities in the transaction (a Business Combination ), if immediately following such Business Combination (A) a Person is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of a majority of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation), or (B) the Company s stockholders prior to the Business Combination thereafter cease to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, a majority of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation), counting for this purpose only voting securities of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation) received by such stockholders in connection with the Business Combination. Surviving Corporation shall mean the corporation resulting from a Business Combination, and Parent Corporation shall mean the ultimate parent corporation that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Surviving Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 (e) Change in Control Termination means the occurrence of either of the following events during the Protection Period (i) the Company s termination of the Grantee s Service without Cause (other than due to death or Disability) or (ii) the Grantee s termination of his or her Service with Good Reason at a time when the Grantee could not have been terminated for Cause. 
 (f) Closing Average Period means the ninety (90)-day period ending on the last day of the Performance Period. 
 (g) Closing Average Share Value means, for each of the Peer Companies and the Company, the average, over the days in the Closing Average Period, of the closing price of its common stock multiplied by the Accumulated Shares for each day during the Closing Average Period. 
 (h) Disabled has the meaning set forth in Section 13(c)(ii) of the Plan. 
 (i) Good Reason means (i) the definition of good reason provided in the employment or severance agreement in effect between the Grantee and the Company or any Affiliate or (ii) if no such agreement exists, then the occurrence of any of the following events without the Grantee s express written consent (A) a material reduction in the Grantee s base salary or target annual bonus compensation as in effect on the date immediately prior to a Change in Control, (B) the Company s assignment to the Grantee without the Grantee s consent of duties materially and adversely inconsistent with the Grantee s position, duties or responsibilities as in effect immediately before the Change in Control, including, but not limited to, any material reduction in such position, duties or responsibilities, or a change in the Grantee s title or office, as then in effect, or any removal of the Grantee from any of such positions, titles or offices, or (C) the Company s relocation of the Grantee s principal place of employment to a locale that is more than fifty (50) miles from the Grantee s principal place of employment immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 (j) Grant Date means ______________. 

Exhibit 10.54 

 (k) NQDC Plan means the Company s 2005 Amended and Restated Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan, as may be amended from time to time. 
 (l) Opening Average Period means the ninety (90)-day period ended on December 31, 2021. 
 (m) Opening Average Share Value means, for each of the Peer Companies and the Company, the average during the Opening Average Period of the closing price of its common stock multiplied by the Accumulated Shares for each trading day during the Opening Average Period. 
 (n) Peer Companies means the companies included in the Russell 2000 on December 31, 2021. In the event of a merger, acquisition or business combination transaction of a Peer Company with or by another Peer Company, the surviving entity shall remain a Peer Company. In the event of a merger of a Peer Company with an entity that is not a Peer Company, or the acquisition or business combination transaction by or with a Peer Company, or with an entity that is not a Peer Company, in each case, where the Peer Company is the surviving entity and remains publicly traded, the surviving entity shall remain a Peer Company. In the event of a merger or acquisition or business combination transaction of a Peer Company by or with an entity that is not a Peer Company, a going private transaction involving a Peer Company or the liquidation of a Peer Company, where the Peer Company is not the surviving entity or is otherwise no longer publicly traded, the company shall no longer be a Peer Company. In the event of a bankruptcy of a Peer Company, such company shall remain a Peer Company. 
 (o) Performance Period means January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024. 
 (p) Performance Restricted Stock Unit(s) or PRSU(s) means the performance restricted stock units granted under Section 2. 
 (q) Protection Period means the period beginning on the date that is six (6) months before the effective date of a Change in Control and ending on the second anniversary of the effective date of the Change in Control. 
 (r) Relative Total Shareholder Return or Relative TSR means the Company s TSR relative to the TSR of the Peer Companies. Following the calculation of the TSR of the Company and each Peer Company for the Performance Period, the Company and each Peer Company will be ranked in order of maximum to minimum according to their respective TSR for the Performance Period. After this ranking, the percentile performance of the Company relative to the Peer Companies will be determined as follows 
 
 where P represents the percentile performance, which will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest whole percentile by application of standard scientific rounding conventions. 
 N represents the number of Peer Companies, plus one (i.e., the Company). 
 R represents the Company s ranking versus the Peer Companies. 
 Example If there are 1000 Peer Companies, and the Company ranked 501st out of 1001 (i.e., 1000 Peer Companies, plus the Company), the performance would be at the 50th percentile .50 1 ((501-1) (1001-1)). 
 (s) Retirement means termination of Grantee s Service (other than for Cause or due to a Change in Control Termination) on or after attainment of age 55 with at least 15 full years of aggregate Service and provided further that the Grantee does not subsequently obtain 

Exhibit 10.54 

 employment with another employer. For clarity, only twelve (12) months of continuous Service shall count as a full year of Service for purposes of determining if Grantee is eligible for Retirement. 
 (t) Service means the performance of services for the Company (or any Affiliate) by a person in the capacity of an officer or other employee or key person (including consultants). 
 (u) Total Shareholder Return or TSR means for each of the Company and the Peer Companies, the company s total shareholder return, which will be calculated by dividing (i) the Closing Average Share Value by (ii) the Opening Average Share Value, and then subtracting one (1). 
 (v) Vesting Date means the date on which the Committee determines the TSR and Relative TSR. 
 2. Grant of Performance Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee ______________ PRSUs, which shall be the target number. The actual number of PRSUs that can vest may be more or less than the target number, as determined in accordance with the table (the Vesting Table set forth on Schedule I. 
 3. Vesting Schedule . No PRSUs may be settled until they have vested, which shall occur, if at all, on the Vesting Date. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement or in the Plan, the PRSUs shall only vest on the Vesting Date if the Grantee has provided Service to the Company continuously from the Grant Date through the Vesting Date. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement or in the Plan, the number of PRSU s that shall vest on the Vesting Date will be determined in accordance with the Vesting Table, based on the Company s achievement of Total Shareholder Return and Relative Total Shareholder Return for the Performance Period. Any fractional share resulting from the application of the percentages in the Vesting Table shall be rounded to the nearest whole number of shares. The Committee shall determine the Total Shareholder Return and Relative TSR, if any, within 30 days after the end of the Performance Period. On the Vesting Date, all PRSUs that do not vest shall be automatically cancelled and the right to receive any PRSUs that do not vest hereunder shall automatically expire. 
 4. Settlement and Deferral of PRSUs . 
 (a) Each vested PRSU entitles the Grantee to receive one share of Stock on the Settlement Date , which shall be the later of (i) the Vesting Date, and (ii) the end of the deferral period specified by the Grantee. The deferral period shall be no less than four (4) years and five (5) days from the Grant Date. Such deferral election shall be made within 30 days of the Grant Date. Any deferral of the PRSUs shall be subject to the NQDC Plan and the applicable deferral election form. 
 (b) Shares of Stock underlying the PRSUs shall be issued and delivered to the Grantee in accordance with paragraph (a) and upon compliance to the satisfaction of the Committee with all requirements under applicable laws or regulations in connection with such issuance and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan. The determination of the Committee as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Grantee. The shares of Stock delivered to the Grantee pursuant to this Section 4 shall be free and clear of all liens, fully paid and non-assessable. In no event shall fractional shares of Stock be issued. 
 (c) Until such time as shares of Stock have been issued to the Grantee pursuant to paragraph (b) above, and except as set forth in Section 5 below regarding dividend equivalents, the Grantee shall not have any rights as a holder of the shares of Stock underlying this Grant including but not limited to voting rights. 

Exhibit 10.54 

 (d) The Grantee may be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold from any shares of Stock or other property deliverable under the PRSU or from any compensation or other amounts owing to the Grantee the amount (in cash, Stock or other property) of any required tax withholding and payroll taxes in respect of a PRSU vesting or settlement and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of clause (d) above, in the Committee s sole discretion the Grantee may satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding liability by having the Company withhold from the number of shares of Stock otherwise issuable pursuant to the settlement of the PRSU a number of shares with a Fair Market Value equal to such withholding liability. 
 5. Dividend Equivalents . If on any date the Company shall pay any cash dividend on shares of Stock of the Company, the number of PRSUs credited to the Grantee pursuant to the Vesting Table shall, as of such date, be increased by an amount determined by the following formula 
 W (X multiplied by Y) divided by Z, where 
 W the number of additional PRSUs to be credited to the Grantee on such dividend payment date 
 X the aggregate number of PRSUs (whether vested or unvested) credited to the Grantee as of the record date of the dividend 
 Y the cash dividend per share amount and 
 Z the Fair Market Value per share of Stock (as determined under the Plan) on the dividend payment date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, no dividend equivalents shall be credited to PRSUs prior to the Committee determining the Total Shareholder Return and Relative TSR (and thus the actual number of PRSUs subject to vesting). 
 6. Termination of Service . 
 (a) Except as provided below, if the Grantee s Service terminates for any reason prior to the Settlement Date, then all unvested PRSUs shall be forfeited. 
 (b) If the Grantee s Service terminates due to Retirement at any time after six (6) months from the Grant Date but before the Settlement Date, then provided that the Grantee continuously remains in Retirement status after termination of Service, the Grantee shall continue to vest in all of the Grantee s unvested PRSUs according to the terms of this Agreement as though the Grantee s Service had not terminated. For clarity, the actual number of PRSUs that shall vest shall be determined at the end of the Performance Period according to the Vesting Table based on actual performance, and such vested PRSUs shall be settled at the time specified in Section 4 hereof. 
 (c) If the Grantee s Service terminates due to a Change in Control Termination after the Grant Date but before the end of the Performance Period, then on the date of the Grantee s termination (or, if later, on the effective date of the Change in Control), 100 of the target number of PRSUs shall become immediately vested and settled according to Section 4 hereof, and any PRSUs in excess of the target number shall be forfeited. If the Grantee s Service terminates due to a Change in Control Termination after the end of the Performance Period but before the Settlement Date, then on the date of the Grantee s termination (or, if later, on the effective date of the Change in 

Exhibit 10.54 

 Control), the number of PRSUs that were earned based on actual performance according to the Vesting Table shall become immediately vested and settled according to Section 4 hereof. 
 (d) In the event of the Grantee s death or if the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that the Grantee has become Disabled, in each case, after the Grant Date and prior to the end of the Performance Period, (i) 100 of the target number of PRSUs shall become immediately vested and, regardless of the Grantee s deferral election, the Company, as soon as reasonably practicable, shall issue shares of Stock to the Grantee (or the Grantee s designated beneficiary or estate executor in the event of the Grantee s death) with respect to the target number of PRSUs and (ii) any PRSUs in excess of the target number shall be forfeited. In the event the Grantee dies or becomes Disabled (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) on or after the end of the Performance Period and prior to (or on) the Settlement Date, the Grantee shall be entitled to receive shares of Stock underlying all vested PRSUs, and regardless of the Grantee s deferral election, the Company, as soon as reasonably practicable, shall issue the applicable number of shares of Stock to the Grantee (or the Grantee s designated beneficiary or estate executor in the event of the Grantee s death). 
 (e) If the Grantee s Service is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason, in each case after the Grant Date but before the end of the Performance Period (other than due to a Change in Control Termination), then a pro-rata portion of the PRSUs based on a fraction equal to the number of full calendar months that have elapsed from the first day of the Performance Period through and inclusive of the termination date divided by 36 shall remain eligible to vest at the end of the Performance Period according to the Vesting Table based on actual performance, and such vested PRSUs shall be settled at the time specified in Section 4 hereof. 
 (f) If the Grantee s employment is terminated due to a reason specified in (b)-(d) above but, after such termination, the Committee determines that it would have had Cause to terminate the Grantee s Service if all the relevant facts had been known to the Committee as of the date of the Grantee s termination, then all PRSUs and Actual PRSUs shall immediately be forfeited and cancelled, whether or not vested, as of the date of the Committee s determination. 
 7. Company Grantee . 
 (a) The term Company as used in this Agreement with reference to employment shall include the Company, its Subsidiaries and its Affiliates, as appropriate. 
 (b) Whenever the word Grantee is used in any provision of this Agreement under circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to the beneficiaries, the executors, the administrators, or the person or persons to whom the PRSUs may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, the word Grantee shall be deemed to include such person or persons. 
 8. Non-Transferability . The PRSUs granted herein are not transferable by the Grantee other than to a designated beneficiary upon death, by will or the laws of descent and distribution, to a trust solely for the benefit of the Grantee or his her immediate family or, in the case of the PRSUs being held by such a trust, by the trustee. 
 9. Forfeiture for Violation of Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) Non-Compete . The Grantee agrees that during the term of the Grantee s employment and for a period of two years thereafter (the Coverage Period the Grantee will not engage in, consult with, participate in, hold a position as shareholder, director, officer, consultant, employee, partner or investor, or otherwise assist any business entity (i) in any State of the United States of America or (ii) in any other country in which the Company (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes for all purposes of this Section 9 any and all of its divisions, Affiliates or Subsidiaries) has business activities, in either case, that is engaged in (A) any activities that are competitive with the 

Exhibit 10.54 

 business of providing (I) healthcare or other personnel on a temporary or permanent placement basis to hospitals, healthcare facilities, healthcare provider practice groups or other entities, (II) managed services programs, workforce management systems, workforce consulting services, predictive modeling, staff scheduling, credentialing services, revenue cycle solutions, or language services or (III) healthcare workforce technology platforms, including language services, software-as-a-service vendor management solutions, workforce optimization services, recruitment process outsourcing services, telehealth services, credentialing services, and flex pool management and other outsourced solutions services or (B) any other business in which the Company is then engaged, in each case, including any and all business activities reasonably related thereto. 
 (b) Non-Solicit . The Grantee agrees that during the Coverage Period, the Grantee shall not solicit, attempt to solicit or endeavor to entice away from the Company any person who, at any time during the term of the Grantee s employment was a healthcare professional (including a healthcare executive) of the Company, or an employee, customer, permanent placement candidate, client or supplier of the Company. 
 (c) Confidential and Proprietary Information . The Grantee agrees that the Grantee will not, at any time make use of or divulge to any other person, firm or corporation any confidential or proprietary information concerning the business or policies of the Company (which includes, for the avoidance of doubt, any and all of its divisions, Affiliates or Subsidiaries). For purposes of this Agreement, any confidential information shall constitute any information designated as confidential or proprietary by the Company or otherwise known by the Grantee to be confidential or proprietary information including, without limitation, customer information. The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that for purposes of this Agreement, customer information includes without limitation, customer lists, all lists of professional personnel, names, addresses, phone numbers, contact persons, preferences, pricing arrangements, requirements and practices. The Grantee s obligation under this Section 9(c) shall not apply to any information that (i) is known publicly (ii) is in the public domain or hereafter enters the public domain without the fault of the Grantee or (iii) is hereafter disclosed to the Grantee by a third party not under an obligation of confidence to the Company. The Grantee agrees not to remove from the premises of the Company, except as an employee of the Company in pursuit of the business of the Company or except as specifically permitted in writing by the Company, any document or other object containing or reflecting any such confidential or proprietary information. The Grantee recognizes that all such information, whether developed by the Grantee or by someone else, will be the sole exclusive property of the Company. Upon termination of employment, the Grantee shall forthwith deliver to the Company all such confidential or proprietary information, including without limitation all lists of customers, pricing methods, financial structures, correspondence, accounts, records and any other documents, computer disks, computer programs, software, laptops, modems or property made or held by the Grantee or under the Grantee s control in relation to the business or affairs of the Company, and no copy of any such confidential or proprietary information shall be retained by the Grantee. 
 (d) Forfeiture for Violations . If the Grantee shall at any time violate the provisions of Section 9(a), (b), or (c), the Grantee shall immediately forfeit his her PRSUs (whether vested or unvested) and any issuance of shares of Stock that occurs after (or within six (6) months before) any such violation shall be void ab initio . 
 (e) Additional Agreement . For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 9 shall be in addition to and shall not supersede (or be superseded by) any other agreements related to the subject 

Exhibit 10.54 

 matter of this Section 9 contained in any confidentiality agreement, noncompetition agreement or any other agreement between the Grantee and the Company. 
 10. Rights as Stockholder . The Grantee or a transferee of the PRSUs shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any share of Stock covered by the PRSUs until the Grantee shall have become the holder of record of such share of Stock and no adjustment shall be made for dividends or distributions or other rights in respect of such share of Stock for which the record date is prior to the date upon which Grantee shall become the holder of record thereof. 
 11. Successor. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Company. The Company agrees that it will make appropriate provisions for the preservation of the Grantee s rights under this Agreement in any agreement or plan that it may enter into or adopt to effect any such merger, consolidation, reorganization or transfer of assets. 
 12. Notice . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered by hand, by mail or electronic transmission (with confirmation of transmission) to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein provided, provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the Grantee to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Grantee may be given to the Grantee personally or may be mailed or e-mailed to the Grantee at the Grantee s address or e-mail as recorded in the records of the Company. 
 13. No Right to Continued Employment . This Agreement shall not be construed as giving the Grantee the right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. Further, the Company or an Affiliate may at any time dismiss the Grantee or discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any liability or any claim under this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 
 14. Binding Effect . Subject to Section 8 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators and successors of the parties hereto. 
 15. Amendment of Agreement . The Committee may, to the extent consistent with the terms of this Agreement, waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any portion of the PRSUs heretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would adversely impair the rights of the Grantee in respect of any PRSUs already granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Grantee. 
 16. PRSUs Subject to Plan and NQDC Plan . By entering into this Agreement, the Grantee agrees and acknowledges that the Grantee has received and read a copy of the Plan and a copy of the NQDC Plan. The PRSUs are subject to the terms of Plan, and the NQDC Plan if the PRSUs are deferred under the NQDC Plan. The terms and provisions of the plans as they may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of either the Plan or the NQDC Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the applicable plan will govern and prevail. 
 17. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 

Exhibit 10.54 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. 
 By _________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 GRANTEE 
 By ___________________________________ 
 Name 

Exhibit 10.54 

 SCHEDULE I 
 
 TSR VESTING TABLE 

</EX-10.54>

<EX-10.55>
 6
 amn-ex1055x2022123110k.htm
 EX-10.55

Document 
 Exhibit 10.55 

 AMN HEALTHCARE EQUITY PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), made this ______________ by and between AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, and ______________ (the Grantee ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Company sponsors the AMN Healthcare 2017 Equity Plan, (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ), and desires to afford the Grantee the opportunity to share in the appreciation of the Company s common stock, par value .01 per share Stock thereunder, thereby strengthening the Grantee s commitment to the welfare of the Company and Affiliates and promoting an identity of interest between stockholders and the Grantee. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . 
 The following definitions shall be applicable throughout the Agreement. Where capitalized terms are used but not defined herein, their meaning shall be that set forth in the Plan (unless the context indicates otherwise). 
 (a) Affiliate means (i) any entity that directly or indirectly is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company and (ii) any entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case, as determined by the Committee. 
 (b) Cause means (i) the definition of cause provided in the employment or severance agreement in effect between the Grantee and the Company or any Affiliate or (ii) if no such agreement exists, then the occurrence of any of the following (A) Grantee s failure to perform in any material respect his or her duties as an employee of the Company, (B) Grantee s violation of the Company s Code of Business Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and Principal Executive Officer, and or Securities Trading Policy, (C) the engaging by Grantee in willful misconduct or gross negligence which is injurious to the Company or any of its affiliates, monetarily or otherwise, (D) the commission by the Grantee of an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company or any of its affiliates, or (E) the conviction of the Grantee of a crime which constitutes a felony or any lesser crime that involves Company property or a pleading of guilty or nolo contendere with respect to a crime which constitutes a felony or any lesser crime that involves Company property, or (F) violation of any of the restrictive covenants in Section 9 hereof. 
 (c) Change in Control means 
 (i) the acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of a majority of the combined voting power of the then 

Exhibit 10.55 

 outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors 
 (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company or 
 (iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Company that requires the approval of the Company s stockholders, whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities in the transaction (a Business Combination ), if immediately following such Business Combination (A) a Person is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of a majority of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation), or (B) the Company s stockholders prior to the Business Combination thereafter cease to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, a majority of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation), counting for this purpose only voting securities of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation) received by such stockholders in connection with the Business Combination. Surviving Corporation shall mean the corporation resulting from a Business Combination, and Parent Corporation shall mean the ultimate parent corporation that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Surviving Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 (d) Change in Control Termination means the occurrence of either of the following events during the Protection Period (i) the Company s termination of the Grantee s Service without Cause (other than due to death or Disability) or (ii) the Grantee s termination of his or her Service with Good Reason at a time when the Grantee could not have been terminated for Cause. 
 (e) Credited Service means the performance of Service on a substantially full time basis for a continuous twelve-month period. For this purpose, substantially full time basis shall mean that the Grantee provides regular and recurring services to the Company of at least 32 hours each week. The taking of approved paid time off or legally mandated leave, such as FMLA, does not interrupt this period of Credited Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may treat periods of less than full time employment, in whole or in part, as Credited Service in its sole discretion. 
 (f) Disabled has the meaning set forth in Section 13(c)(ii) of the Plan. 
 (g) Good Reason means (i) the definition of good reason provided in the employment or severance agreement in effect between the Grantee and the Company or any Affiliate or (ii) if no such agreement exists, then the occurrence of any of the following events without the Grantee s express written consent (A) a material reduction in the Grantee s base salary or target annual bonus compensation as in effect on the date immediately prior to a Change in Control, (B) the Company s assignment to the Grantee without the Grantee s consent of duties materially and adversely inconsistent with the Grantee s position, duties or responsibilities as in effect immediately before the Change in Control, including, but not limited to, any material reduction in such position, duties or responsibilities, or a change in the Grantee s title or office, as then in effect, or any removal of the Grantee from any of such positions, titles or offices, or (C) the Company s relocation of the Grantee s principal place of employment to a locale that is more than fifty (50) miles from the Grantee s principal place of employment immediately prior to the Change in Control. 

Exhibit 10.55 

 (h) Grant Date means ______________, which is the date the Committee authorized this RSU grant. 
 (i) NQDC Plan means the Company s 2005 Amended and Restated Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan, as may be amended from time to time. 
 (j) Protection Period means the period beginning on the date that is six (6) months before the effective date of a Change in Control and ending on the second anniversary of the effective date of the Change in Control. 
 (k) Restricted Stock Unit(s) or RSU(s) means the restricted stock unit granted under Section 2. 
 (l) Retirement means termination of Grantee s Service (other than for Cause or due to a Change in Control Termination) on or after attainment of age 55 with at least 15 full years of aggregate Service and provided further that the Grantee does not subsequently obtain employment with another employer. For clarity, only twelve (12) months of continuous Service shall count as a full year of Service for purposes of determining if Grantee is eligible for Retirement. 
 (m) Service means the performance of services for the Company (or any Affiliate) by a person in the capacity of an officer or other employee or key person (including consultants). 
 2. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee an aggregate of ______________ Restricted Stock Units RSUs ). 
 3. Vesting Schedule . No RSUs may be settled until they shall have vested. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement or in the Plan, the RSUs will vest in three tranches on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the Grant Date and the Grantee s provision of three periods of Credited Service. The first tranche, equal to 33 of the RSUs granted, will vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date and the Grantee s provision of one period of Credited Service. The second tranche, equal to 33 of the RSUs granted, will vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date and the Grantee s provision of a second period of Credited Service. The final tranche, equal to 34 of the RSUs granted, will vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date and the Grantee s provision of a third period of Credited Service. 
 4. Settlement and Deferral of RSUs . 
 (a) Each vested RSU entitles the Grantee to receive one share of Stock on the Settlement Date , which shall be the later of (i) the vesting date for such RSU, provided, however, if there is an accelerated vesting of all or a portion of the RSUs under Section 6 hereof, the Settlement Date for any such accelerated RSUs shall be the date on which it is determined that the conditions to acceleration have been met or (ii) the end of the deferral period specified by the Grantee. The deferral period shall be no less than four (4) years and five (5) days from the Grant Date. Such deferral election shall be made within 30 days of the Grant Date. The deferral of RSUs shall be subject to the NQDC Plan and the applicable deferral election. 
 (b) Shares of Stock underlying the RSUs shall be issued and delivered to the Grantee in accordance with paragraph (a) and upon compliance to the satisfaction of the Committee with all requirements under applicable laws or regulations in connection with such issuance and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan. The determination of the Committee as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Grantee. The shares of Stock delivered to 

Exhibit 10.55 

 the Grantee pursuant to this Section 4 shall be free and clear of all liens, fully paid and non-assessable. In no event shall fractional shares of Stock be issued. 
 (c) Until such time as shares of Stock have been issued to the Grantee pursuant to paragraph (b) above, and except as set forth in Section 5 below regarding dividend equivalents, the Grantee shall not have any rights as a holder of the shares of Stock underlying this Grant including but not limited to voting rights. 
 (d) The Grantee may be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold from any shares of Stock or other property deliverable under the RSU or from any compensation or other amounts owing to the Grantee the amount (in cash, Stock or other property) of any required tax withholding and payroll taxes in respect of an RSU vesting or settlement and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of clause (d) above, in the Committee s sole discretion the Grantee may satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding liability by having the Company withhold from the number of shares of Stock otherwise issuable pursuant to the settlement of the RSU a number of shares with a Fair Market Value equal to such withholding liability. 
 5. Dividend Equivalents . If on any date the Company shall pay any cash dividend on shares of Stock of the Company, the number of RSUs credited to the Grantee shall, as of such date, be increased by an amount determined by the following formula 
 W (X multiplied by Y) divided by Z, where 
 W the number of additional RSUs to be credited to the Grantee on such dividend payment date 
 X the aggregate number of RSUs (whether vested or unvested) credited to the Grantee as of the record date of the dividend 
 Y the cash dividend per share amount and 
 Z the Fair Market Value per share of Stock (as determined under the Plan) on the dividend payment date. 
 6. Termination of Service . 
 (a) Except as provided below, if the Grantee s Service terminates for any reason prior to the Settlement Date, then all vested RSUs shall be settled in accordance with Section 4, and any unvested RSUs shall be forfeited. 
 (b) If the Grantee s Service terminates due to Retirement at any time after six (6) months from the Grant Date but before the Settlement Date, then provided that the Grantee continuously remains in Retirement status after termination of Service, the Grantee shall continue to vest in all of the Grantee s RSUs according to the schedule established in Section 3 as though the Grantee s Service had not terminated (and, for the sake of clarity, as though the Grantee met all Credited Service requirements), and such RSUs shall be settled at the time specified in Section 4 hereof. 

Exhibit 10.55 

 (c) If the Grantee s Service terminates due to a Change in Control Termination after the Grant Date but before the Settlement Date, then on the date of the Grantee s termination (or, if later, on the effective date of the Change in Control), 100 of the RSUs shall become immediately vested and settled according to Section 4 hereof. 
 (d) In the event of the Grantee s death or if the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that the Grantee has become Disabled, in each case, after the Grant Date and prior to third anniversary of the Grant Date), 100 of the RSUs shall become immediately vested and, regardless of the Grantee s deferral election, the Company as soon as reasonably practicable shall issue shares of Stock to the Grantee (or the Grantee s designated beneficiary or estate executor in the event of the Grantee s death) with respect to the RSUs that have vested hereunder but for which shares of Stock had not yet been issued to the Grantee. 
 (e) If the Grantee s Service is terminated by the Company without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason, in each case after the Grant Date (other than due to a Change in Control Termination), then on the date of the Grantee s termination (or, if later, on the effective date of the Change in Control), 100 of the RSUs shall become immediately vested and settled according to Section 4 hereof. 
 (f) If the Grantee s service terminates for Cause, then any outstanding RSUs, whether vested or unvested, shall be forfeited and cancelled as of the Grantee s termination date. If the Grantee s employment is terminated due to a reason specified in (b)-(e) above but, after such termination, the Committee determines that it would have had Cause to terminate the Grantee s Service if all the relevant facts had been known to the Committee as of the date of the Grantee s termination, then all outstanding RSUs shall immediately be forfeited and cancelled, whether or not vested, as of the date of the Committee s determination. 
 7. Company Grantee . 
 (a) The term Company as used in this Agreement with reference to employment shall include the Company, its Subsidiaries and its Affiliates, as appropriate. 
 (b) Whenever the word Grantee is used in any provision of this Agreement under circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to the beneficiaries, the executors, the administrators, or the person or persons to whom the RSUs may be transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, the word Grantee shall be deemed to include such person or persons. 
 8. Non-Transferability . The RSUs granted herein are not transferable by the Grantee other than to a designated beneficiary upon death, by will or the laws of descent and distribution, to a trust solely for the benefit of the Grantee or his her immediate family or, in the case of the RSUs being held by such a trust, by the trustee. 
 9. Forfeiture for Violation of Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) Non-Compete . The Grantee agrees that during the term of the Grantee s employment and for a period of two years thereafter (the Coverage Period the Grantee will not engage in, consult with, participate in, hold a position as shareholder, director, officer, consultant, employee, partner or investor, or otherwise assist any business entity (i) in any State of the United States of America or (ii) in any other country in which the Company (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes for all purposes of this Section 9 any and all of its divisions, Affiliates or Subsidiaries) has business activities, in either case, that is engaged in (A) any activities that are competitive with the business of providing (I) healthcare or other personnel on a temporary or permanent placement basis to hospitals, healthcare facilities, healthcare 

Exhibit 10.55 

 provider practice groups or other entities, (II) managed services programs, workforce management systems, workforce consulting services, predictive modeling, staff scheduling, credentialing services, revenue cycle solutions, or language services or (III) healthcare workforce technology platforms, including language services, software-as-a-service vendor management solutions, workforce optimization services, recruitment process outsourcing services, telehealth services, credentialing services, and flex pool management and other outsourced solutions services , or (B) any other business in which the Company is then engaged, in each case, including any and all business activities reasonably related thereto. 
 (b) Non-Solicit . The Grantee agrees that during the Coverage Period, the Grantee shall not solicit, attempt to solicit or endeavor to entice away from the Company any person who, at any time during the term of the Grantee s employment was a healthcare professional (including a healthcare executive) of the Company, or an employee, customer, permanent placement candidate, client or supplier of the Company. 
 (c) Confidential and Proprietary Information . The Grantee agrees that the Grantee will not, at any time make use of or divulge to any other person, firm or corporation any confidential or proprietary information concerning the business or policies of the Company (which includes, for the avoidance of doubt, any and all of its divisions, Affiliates or Subsidiaries). For purposes of this Agreement, any confidential information shall constitute any information designated as confidential or proprietary by the Company or otherwise known by the Grantee to be confidential or proprietary information including, without limitation, customer information. The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that for purposes of this Agreement, customer information includes without limitation, customer lists, all lists of professional personnel, names, addresses, phone numbers, contact persons, preferences, pricing arrangements, requirements and practices. The Grantee s obligation under this Section 9(c) shall not apply to any information that (i) is known publicly (ii) is in the public domain or hereafter enters the public domain without the fault of the Grantee or (iii) is hereafter disclosed to the Grantee by a third party not under an obligation of confidence to the Company. The Grantee agrees not to remove from the premises of the Company, except as an employee of the Company in pursuit of the business of the Company or except as specifically permitted in writing by the Company, any document or other object containing or reflecting any such confidential or proprietary information. The Grantee recognizes that all such information, whether developed by the Grantee or by someone else, will be the sole exclusive property of the Company. Upon termination of employment, the Grantee shall forthwith deliver to the Company all such confidential or proprietary information, including without limitation all lists of customers, pricing methods, financial structures, correspondence, accounts, records and any other documents, computer disks, computer programs, software, laptops, modems or property made or held by the Grantee or under the Grantee s control in relation to the business or affairs of the Company, and no copy of any such confidential or proprietary information shall be retained by the Grantee. 
 (d) Forfeiture for Violations . If the Grantee shall at any time violate the provisions of Section 9(a), (b), or (c), the Grantee shall immediately forfeit his her RSUs (whether vested or unvested) and any issuance of shares of Stock that occurs after (or within six (6) months before) any such violation shall be void ab initio . 
 (e) Additional Agreement . For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 9 shall be in addition to and shall not supersede (or be superseded by) any other agreements related to the subject matter of this Section 9 contained in any confidentiality agreement, noncompetition agreement or any other agreement between the Grantee and the Company. 
 10. Rights as Stockholder . The Grantee or a transferee of the RSUs shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any share of Stock covered by the RSUs until the 

Exhibit 10.55 

 Grantee shall have become the holder of record of such share of Stock and no adjustment shall be made for dividends or distributions or other rights in respect of such share of Stock for which the record date is prior to the date upon which Grantee shall become the holder of record thereof. 
 11. Successor. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Company. The Company agrees that it will make appropriate provisions for the preservation of the Grantee s rights under this Agreement in any agreement or plan that it may enter into or adopt to effect any such merger, consolidation, reorganization or transfer of assets. 
 12. Notice . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be mailed to or delivered by hand, by mail or electronic transmission (with confirmation of transmission) to the party for whom it is intended at such address as may from time to time be designated by it in a notice mailed or delivered to the other party as herein provided, provided that, unless and until some other address be so designated, all notices or communications by the Grantee to the Company shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, and all notices or communications by the Company to the Grantee may be given to the Grantee personally or may be mailed or e-mailed to the Grantee at the Grantee s address or e-mail as recorded in the records of the Company. 
 13. No Right to Continued Employment . This Agreement shall not be construed as giving the Grantee the right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. Further, the Company or an Affiliate may at any time dismiss the Grantee or discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any liability or any claim under this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 
 14. Binding Effect . Subject to Section 8 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, executors, administrators and successors of the parties hereto. 
 15. Amendment of Agreement . The Committee may, to the extent consistent with the terms of this Agreement, waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any portion of the RSUs heretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would adversely impair the rights of the Grantee in respect of any RSUs already granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Grantee. 
 16. RSUs Subject to Plan and NQDC Plan . By entering into this Agreement, the Grantee agrees and acknowledges that the Grantee has received and read a copy of the Plan and a copy of the NQDC Plan. The RSUs are subject to the terms of Plan, and the NQDC Plan if the RSUs are deferred under the NQDC Plan. The terms and provisions of the plans as they may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of either the Plan or the NQDC Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the applicable plan will govern and prevail. 
 17. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 

Exhibit 10.55 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 
 AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. 
 By _________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 GRANTEE 
 By ___________________________________ 
 Name 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 amn-ex211x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant, as of December 31, 2022 
 Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 Advanced Medical Personnel Services, LLC Delaware AMN Allied Services, LLC Delaware AMN Healthcare Allied, Inc. Texas AMN Healthcare, Inc. Nevada AMN Healthcare Language Services, Inc. Delaware AMN Leadership Solutions, Inc. Delaware AMN Services, LLC North Carolina AMN Staffing Services, LLC Delaware AMN Workforce Solutions, LLC Delaware Avantas, LLC Nebraska B4Health, LLC Maryland B. E. Smith Interim Services, LLC Delaware B. E. Smith, LLC Delaware Connetics Communications, LLC California HealthSource Global Staffing, Inc. California Medefis, Inc. Delaware Merritt, Hawkins & Associates, LLC California Nursefinders, LLC Texas O Grady-Peyton International (USA), Inc. Massachusetts ShiftWise, Inc. Oregon Silversheet Inc. Delaware Spectrum Insurance Company, Inc. Hawaii Staff Care, Inc. Delaware Stratus Video Costa Rica, S.A. Costa Rica Synzi, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 amn-ex231x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333 73482, No. 333 117695, No. 333 133227, No. 333 133305, No. 333 142187, No. 333 158523, No. 333 180856, No. 333 180857, No. 333 194484, and No. 333 217553) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 amn-ex311x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant To 
 Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Caroline S. Grace, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 S C AROLINE S. G RACE 
 Caroline S. Grace Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 amn-ex312x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant To 
 Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Jeffrey R. Knudson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 S J EFFREY R. K NUDSON 
 Jeffrey R. Knudson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 amn-ex321x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Caroline S. Grace, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 S C AROLINE S. G RACE 
 Caroline S. Grace President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 amn-ex322x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey R. Knudson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 S J EFFREY R. K NUDSON 
 Jeffrey R. Knudson Chief Financial Officer 

Date February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 amn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 amn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 amn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 amn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 amn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

