<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230126_10-K_edgar_data_1031093_0001079973-23-000131.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13593305</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>444700</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7257321</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2613213</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1623656</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1451243</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-23-000131.hdr.sgml : 20230126
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230126172106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-23-000131
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		166
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230126
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230126

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SILVER BULL RESOURCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001031093
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				911766677
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33125
		FILM NUMBER:		23558692

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 DUNSMUIR STREET, SUITE 1610
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V7Y 1K4
		BUSINESS PHONE:		604-687-5800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 DUNSMUIR STREET, SUITE 1610
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V7Y 1K4

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METALLINE MINING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991013

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-23-000131.txt : 20230126

10-K
 1
 svbl-20221031.htm
 FORM 10-K

United States 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD OF _________ TO _________. 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, B.C . 

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.	 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report.	 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 
No 

As of January 26, 2023, there were shares
outstanding of the registrant s 0.01 par value common stock, the registrant s only outstanding class of voting securities.
As of April 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant
was approximately million based upon the closing sale price of the common stock as reported by the OTCQB. For the purpose of this
calculation, the registrant has assumed that its affiliates as of April 30, 2022 included all directors and officers. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

SILVER BULL RESOURCES, INC. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 and 2. 
 BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 13 

Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 

Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 21 

Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 21 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 22 

Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 23 

Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 23 

Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 29 

Item 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 29 

Item 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 29 

Item 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 30 

Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 30 

Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 30 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 31 

Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 31 

Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 31 

Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 31 

Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 31 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 32 

Item 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 32 

SIGNATURES 
 
 33 

1 

The terms Silver Bull, Company, 
 we, us, and our are used to refer to Silver Bull Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless
the context otherwise requires. Technical terms have been included that are important to an understanding of the business under Glossary
of Common Terms at the end of this section. Throughout this document statements are made that are classified as forward-looking. 
Please refer to the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements section of this document for an explanation
of these types of assertions. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes
certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), and the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and forward-looking information within
the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Words used such as anticipate, continue, likely, 
 estimate, expect, may, will, projection, should, believe, 
 potential, could, or similar words suggesting future outcomes (including negative and grammatical variations)
to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include statements regarding the following, among other things: 

The sufficiency of existing cash resources to enable the Company to continue operations
for the next 12 months as a going concern; 

 Prospects of entering the development or production stage with respect to any of the Company s
projects; 

 The planned activities at the Sierra Mojada Project in 2023 and beyond; 

 Whether any part of the Sierra Mojada Project will ever be confirmed or converted into
SEC S-K 1300-compliant mineral reserves; 

 The requirement of additional power supplies for the Sierra Mojada Project if a mining operation
is determined to be feasible; 

 The ability to obtain and hold additional concessions in the Sierra Mojada Project area; 

 The timing, duration and overall impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s
business; 

 Whether the Company will be required to obtain additional surface rights if a mining operation
is determined to be feasible; 

 The possible impact on the Company s operations of the blockade by a cooperative of
miners on the Sierra Mojada property; 

 The potential acquisition of additional mineral properties or property concessions; 

 Testing of the impact of the fine bubble flotation test work on the recovery of minerals
and initial rough concentrate grade; 

 The impact of recent accounting pronouncements on the Company s financial position,
results of operations or cash flows and disclosures; 

 The impact of changes to current state or federal laws and regulations on estimated capital
expenditures, the economics of a particular project and/or the Company s activities; 

 The Company s ability to raise additional capital and/or pursue additional strategic
options, and the potential impact on its business, financial condition and results of operations of doing so or not; 

 The impact of changing foreign currency exchange rates on the Company s financial condition; 

The impairment of goodwill and likelihood of further impairment of other long-lived assets; 

Whether using major financial institutions with high credit ratings mitigates credit risk; 

 The impact of changing economic conditions on interest rates; 

 Expectations regarding future recovery of value-added taxes VAT paid in
Mexico; and 

 The merits of any claims in connection with, and the expected timing of
any, ongoing legal proceedings. 

2 

These statements are based on certain assumptions
and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments
and other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. Such statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and
uncertainties and actual results could differ from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements as a result of the factors
described under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including: 

Termination of the South32 Option Agreement; 

 The Company s ability to obtain additional financial resources on acceptable terms
to (i) conduct exploration activities and (ii) maintain general and administrative expenditures at acceptable levels; 

 The Company s ability to acquire additional mineral properties or property concessions; 

 Results of future exploration at the Sierra Mojada Project; 

 Worldwide economic and political events affecting (i) the market prices for silver, zinc,
lead, copper and other minerals that may be found on the Company s exploration properties (ii) interest rates and (iii) foreign
currency exchange rates; 

 Outbreaks of disease, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and related stay-at-home orders,
quarantine policies and restrictions on travel, trade and business operations; 

 The amount and nature of future capital and exploration expenditures; 

 Volatility in the Company s stock price; 

 The Company s inability to obtain required permits; 

 Competitive factors, including exploration-related competition; 

 Timing of receipt and maintenance of government approvals; 

 Unanticipated title issues; 

 Changes in tax laws; 

 Changes in regulatory frameworks or regulations affecting the Company s activities; 

 The Company s ability to retain key management, consultants and experts necessary
to successfully operate and grow its business; and 

 Political and economic instability in Mexico and other countries in which the Company conducts
its business, and future potential actions of the governments in such countries with respect to nationalization of natural resources or
other changes in mining or taxation policies. 

These factors are not intended to represent
a complete list of the general or specific factors that could affect the Company. 

All forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date made. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company, or persons acting on its
behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements. Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation
to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Exploration
Stage Companies 

Silver Bull is an exploration stage company
and does not currently have any known mineral reserves and cannot be expected to have known mineral reserves unless and until a feasibility
study is completed for the Sierra Mojada concessions that shows proven and probable mineral reserves. There can be no assurance that the
Company s concessions contain proven and probable mineral reserves and investors may lose their entire investment. See the Risk
Factors section below. 

3 

Cautionary Note
to U.S. Residents Concerning Disclosure of Mineral Resources 

Silver Bull is a U.S. domestic issuer for United States
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC purposes, most of its shareholders are U.S. residents, it is required to report
its financial results under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP ), and its shares of common stock are
listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the TSX and trade on the OTCQB marketplace. However, because Silver Bull is a reporting
issuer in Canada, certain prior regulatory filings required in Canada contain or incorporate by reference therein certain disclosure that
satisfies the additional requirements of Canadian securities laws, which differ from the requirements of United States securities
laws. Unless otherwise indicated, all resource estimates included in those Canadian filings, and in the documents incorporated by reference
therein, had been prepared in accordance with Canadian National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects NI
43-101 and the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum CIM classification system. NI 43-101 is
a rule developed by the Canadian Securities Administrators which establishes standards for all public disclosure an issuer makes of scientific
and technical information concerning mineral projects. 

Canadian standards, including NI 43-101, may differ
from the requirements of subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K, as defined in the Glossary of Technical Terms S-K 1300 ). Thus,
resource information contained, or incorporated by reference, in the Company s Canadian filings, and in the documents incorporated
by reference therein, may not be comparable to similar information disclosed by companies reporting mineral reserve and mineral resource
information under S-K 1300. 

The terms mineral reserve , proven
mineral reserve and probable mineral reserve are Canadian mining terms as defined in accordance with NI 43-101 and
CIM standards. Pursuant to S-K 1300, the SEC now recognizes estimates of measured mineral resources, indicated mineral
resources and inferred mineral resources. In addition, the SEC has amended its definitions of proven mineral
reserves and probably mineral reserves to be substantially similar to the corresponding standards of the CIM. 

Investors are cautioned that while terms are substantially
similar to CIM standards, there are differences in the definitions and standards under S-K 1300 and the CIM standards. Accordingly, there
is no assurance any mineral reserves or mineral resources that the Company may report as proven reserves , probable
reserves , measured mineral resources , indicated mineral resources and inferred mineral resources 
under NI 43-101 will be the same as the reserve or resource estimates prepared under the standards adopted under S-K 1300. 

Investors are also cautioned that while the SEC now
recognizes measured mineral resources, indicated mineral resources and inferred mineral resources ,
investors should not assume that any part or all of mineral deposits in these categories will ever be converted into reserves. Mineralization
described using these terms has a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal
feasibility. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of an measured mineral resource, indicated mineral resource 
or inferred mineral resource will ever be upgraded to a higher category. Under Canadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral
resources may not form the basis of feasibility or pre-feasibility studies, except in rare cases. Investors are cautioned not to assume
that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource exists or is economically or legally mineable. Disclosure of contained ounces 
in a resource is permitted disclosure under Canadian regulations; however, the SEC normally only permits issuers to report mineralization
that does not constitute reserves by SEC standards as in place tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures. 

Technical Report Summaries and Qualified Persons 

The scientific and technical information concerning
our mineral projects in this Form 10-K have been reviewed and approved by qualified persons under S-K 1300, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Director, Timothy Barry and our Director, David Underwood. For a description of the key assumptions, parameters
and methods used to estimate mineral reserves and mineral resources included in this Form 10-K, as well as data verification procedures
and a general discussion of the extent to which the estimates may be affected by any known environmental, permitting, legal, title, taxation,
sociopolitical, marketing or other relevant factors, please review the Technical Report Summaries for each of the Company s material
properties which are included as exhibits to, and incorporated by reference into, this annual report on Form 10-K. 

4 

Glossary of Common Terms 

The following terms are used throughout this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Concession 
 
 A grant of a tract of land made by a government or other controlling authority in return for stipulated services or a promise that the land will be used for a specific purpose. 

Exploration Stage 

A prospect that is not yet in either the development
 or production stage. 

Feasibility Study 
 
 An engineering study designed to define the technical, economic, and legal viability of a mining project with a high degree of reliability. 

Formation 

A distinct layer of sedimentary rock of similar composition. 

Mining 
 
 The process of extraction and beneficiation of mineral reserves to produce a marketable metal or mineral product. Exploration continues during the mining process and, in many cases, mineral reserves are expanded during the life of the mine operations as the exploration potential of the deposit is realized. 

Ore, Ore Reserve, or Mineable Ore Body 
 
 The part of a mineral deposit which could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. 

Mineral Reserves 

An estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated
 and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified person, can be the basis of an economically viable project. More
 specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured or indicated mineral resource, which includes diluting materials and
 allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted. 

Mineral Resource 

A concentration or occurrence of material of economic
 interest in or on the Earth's crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction.
 A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization, taking into account relevant factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining
 dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or
 in part, become economically extractable. It is not merely an inventory of all mineralization drilled or sampled. 

Tonne 
 
 A metric ton which is equivalent to 2,204.6 pounds. 

PART I 

Items
1 and 2.	BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES 

Overview
and Corporate Structure 

Silver Bull Resources, Inc. was incorporated
in the State of Nevada on November 8, 1993 as the Cadgie Company for the purpose of acquiring and developing mineral properties.
The Cadgie Company was a spin-off from its predecessor, Precious Metal Mines, Inc. On June 28, 1996, the Company s name was
changed to Metalline Mining Company Metalline ). On April 21, 2011, the Company s name was changed to Silver
Bull Resources, Inc. The Company has not realized any revenues from its planned operations, and is considered an exploration stage company.
The Company has not established any reserves with respect to its exploration projects and may never enter into the development stage with
respect to any of its projects. 

The Company is engaged in the business of mineral
exploration. It currently owns a number of property concessions in Mexico within a mining district known as the Sierra Mojada District,
located in the west central part of the state of Coahuila, Mexico. Operations are conducted in Mexico through the Company s
wholly-owned subsidiary corporations, Minera Metalin S.A. de C.V. Minera Metalin ), and Minas de Coahuila SBR S.A. de C.V Minas ). 

In April 2010, Metalline Mining Delaware, Inc.,
a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in the State of Delaware, was merged with and into Dome Ventures Corporation Dome ),
a Delaware corporation. As a result, Dome became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Silver Bull. Dome has a wholly-owned subsidiary, Dome Asia
Inc. Dome Asia ), which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. 

On June 5, 2015, the Company announced
its decision to voluntarily delist its shares of common stock from the NYSE MKT due to costs associated with the continued listing and
NYSE MKT exchange rules regarding maintenance of a minimum share price. On June 29, 2015, the Company s shares began trading
on the OTCQB marketplace operated by OTC Markets Group. The Company s shares of common stock continue to trade on the TSX. 

5 

On August 12, 2020, the Company entered
into an option agreement (the Beskauga Option Agreement with Copperbelt AG, a corporation existing under the laws of Switzerland CB Parent ), and Dostyk LLP, an entity existing under the laws of Kazakhstan and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CB Parent
(the CB Sub, and together with CB Parent, CB ), pursuant to which the Company had the exclusive right and option
(the Beskauga Option to acquire CB s right, title and 100 interest in the Beskauga property located in Kazakhstan
(the Beskauga Property ), which consists of the Beskauga Main project (the Beskauga Main Project and the Beskauga
South project (the Beskauga South Project, and together the Beskauga Main Project, the Beskauga Project ).
The transaction contemplated by the Beskauga Option Agreement closed on January 26, 2021. 

On February 5, 2021, Arras Minerals Corp. Arras was incorporated in British Columbia, Canada, as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Silver Bull. On March 19, 2021, pursuant to an asset purchase
agreement with Arras, Silver Bull transferred its right, title and interest in and to the Beskauga Option Agreement, among other things,
to Arras. On September 24, 2021, Silver Bull distributed to its shareholders one Arras common share
for each Silver Bull share held by such shareholders, or 34,547 ,838 Arras common shares in
total (the Distribution ). Upon completion of the Distribution, the Company retained 1,452,162 Arras common shares, or approximately
4 of the outstanding Arras common shares, as a strategic investment, and Arras became a stand-alone company. The financial results of
Arras are included in the Company s consolidated statement of operations for the period from February 5, 2021 to September 24, 2021,
the date of the Distribution. 

The Company s efforts and expenditures
have been and are expected to be concentrated in the exploration of properties, principally the Sierra Mojada property located in Coahuila,
Mexico (the Sierra Mojada Property ). Silver Bull has not determined whether its exploration properties contain ore reserves
that are economically recoverable. The ultimate realization of investment in exploration properties is dependent upon the success of future
property sales, the existence of economically recoverable reserves, and the Company s ability to obtain financing or make other
arrangements for exploration, development and future profitable production activities. The ultimate realization of the Company s
investment in exploration properties cannot be determined at this time. 

South32
Option Agreement 

On June 1, 2018, the Company s subsidiaries
Minera Metalin and Contratistas entered into an earn-in option agreement (the South32 Option Agreement with South32 International
Investment Holdings Pty Ltd South32 ), a wholly owned subsidiary of South32 Limited (ASX/JSE/LSE: S32), whereby South32
was able to obtain an option to purchase 70 of the shares of Minera Metalin and Contratistas (the South32 Option ). 

On October 11, 2019, the Company and subsidiary
Minera Metalin issued a notice of force majeure to South32 pursuant to the South32 Option Agreement. Due to a blockade by a cooperative
of local miners called Sociedad Cooperativa de Exploraci n Minera Mineros Norte os, S.C.L. Mineros Norte os ),
all work was halted on the Sierra Mojada Property. The notice of force majeure was issued because of the blockade s impact the Company
and subsidiary Minera Metalin s ability to perform their obligations under the South32 Option Agreement. Pursuant to the South32
Option Agreement, any time period provided for in the South32 Option Agreement was to be generally extended by a period equal to the period
of delay caused by the event of force majeure. 

On August 31,
2022, the South32 Option Agreement was mutually terminated by South32 and the Company. 
 South32 paid 518,000 to the Company as a final payment for the exploration costs occurred by the Company
during the blockade and released South32 from all claims as the date of termination. 

As of January 26, 2023, the blockade by Mineros
Norte os at, on and around the Sierra Mojada Property is ongoing. 

Sierra Mojada Project 

Location, Access and Infrastructure 

The Sierra Mojada Project is located
within a mining district known as the Sierra Mojada District. The Sierra Mojada District is located in the west central part of
the state of Coahuila, Mexico, near the Coahuila-Chihuahua state border approximately 200 kilometers south of the Big Bend of the Rio
Grande River. The principal mining area extends for approximately five kilometers in an east-west direction along the base of the precipitous,
1,000-meter high Sierra Mojada Range. 

The Sierra Mojada Project site is situated
to the south of the village of Esmeralda, on the northern side of a major escarpment that forms the northern margin of the Sierra Mojada
range. In general, the site is approximately 1,500 meters above sea level. The project is accessible by paved road from the city of Torreon,
Coahuila, which lies approximately 250 kilometers to the south. Esmerelda is served by a rail spur of the Coahuila Durango railroad. There
is an airstrip east of Esmeralda, although its availability is limited, and another airstrip at the nearby Pe oles plant, which
the Company can use occasionally. The Sierra Mojada District has high voltage electric power supplied by the national power company, Comisi n
Federal de Electricidad, C.F.E., and is supplied water by the municipality of Sierra Mojada. Although power levels are sufficient for
current operations and exploration, future development of the project, if any, may require additional power supplies to be sourced. 

Sierry Mojada Project facilities in Mexico include
offices, accommodation for employees, workshops, warehouse buildings and exploration equipment located at Calle Mina #1, La Esmeralda,
Coahuila, Mexico. 

6 

The map below shows the
location of the Sierra Mojada Project: 

7 

The map below shows the
concessions of the Sierra Mojada Project: 

Property History 

Silver and lead were first discovered by a
foraging party in 1879, and mining through 1886 consisted of native silver, silver chloride, and lead carbonate ores. After 1886, silver-lead-zinc-copper
sulphide ores within limestone and sandstone units were produced. No accurate production history has been found for historical mining
during this period. 

Approximately 95 years ago, zinc silicate and
zinc carbonate minerals Zinc Manto Zone were discovered underlying the silver-lead mineralized horizon. The Zinc Manto
Zone is predominantly zinc dominated, but with subordinate lead-rich manto and is principally situated in the footwall rocks of the Sierra
Mojada Fault System. Since discovery and until 1990, zinc, silver, and lead ores were mined from various mines along the strike of the
deposit, including from the Sierra Mojada Property. Ores mined from within these areas were hand-sorted, and the concentrate shipped mostly
to smelters in the United States. 

Activity during the period of 1956 to 1990
consisted of operations by the Mineros Norte os and operations by individual owners and operators of pre-existing mines. The Mineros
Norte os operated the San Salvador, Encantada, Fronteriza, Esmeralda, and Parrena mines, and shipped oxide zinc ore to Zinc National s
smelter in Monterrey, while copper and silver ore were shipped to smelters in Mexico and the United States. 

It is estimated that over 45 mines have produced
ore from underground workings throughout the approximately five kilometers by two-kilometer area that comprises the Sierra Mojada District.
It is estimated that since its discovery in 1879, the Sierra Mojada District has produced approximately 10 million tons of silver, zinc,
lead and copper ore. The Sierra Mojada District does not have a mill to concentrate ore, and all mining conducted thus far has been limited
to selectively mined ore of sufficient grade to direct ship to smelters. The Company believes that mill-grade mineralization that was
not mined remains available for extraction. No mining operations are currently active within the area of the Sierra Mojada District, except
for a dolomite quarry by Pe oles near Esmeralda. 

In the 1990s, Kennecott Copper Corporation Kennecott had a joint venture agreement with USMX, Inc. USMX involving its Sierra Mojada concessions.
Kennecott terminated the joint venture in approximately 1995. Metalline entered into a Joint Exploration and Development Agreement with
USMX in July 1996 involving USMX s Sierra Mojada concessions. In 1998, Metalline purchased the Sierra Mojada and the USMX concessions,
and the joint exploration and development agreement was terminated. Metalline also purchased certain other concessions during this time
and conducted exploration for copper and silver mineralization from 1997 through 1999. 

8 

Title and Ownership Rights 

The Sierra Mojada Project is comprised of 20
concessions consisting of 6,496 hectares (about 16,052 acres). The Company periodically obtains additional concessions in the Sierra Mojada
Project area, and whether it will continue to hold these additional concessions will depend on future exploration work and exploration
results and its ability to obtain financing. As in prior years, the Company continually assesses its concession ownership, and may terminate
its rights to certain concessions holdings. 

Each mining concession enables Silver Bull
to explore the underlying concession in consideration for the payment of a semi-annual fee to the Mexican government and completion of
certain annual assessment work. Annual assessment work in excess of statutory annual requirements can be carried forward and applied to
future periods. 

Ownership of a concession provides the owner
with exclusive exploration and exploitation rights to all minerals located on the concessions, but does not include the surface rights
to the real property. Therefore, the Company will need to negotiate any necessary agreements with the appropriate surface landowners if
it is determined that a mining operation is feasible for the concessions. The Company owns surface rights to five lots in the Sierra Mojada
Property (Sierra Mojada lot #1, #3, #4, #6 and #7) but anticipates that it will be required to obtain additional surface rights if it
is determined that a mining operation is feasible. 

Geology and Mineralization 

The Sierra Mojada concessions contain a mineral
system which can be separated into two distinct zones: a silver-rich zone (the Silver Zone and a zinc-rich zone (the Zinc
Zone ). These two zones lie along the Sierra Mojada Fault which trends east west along the base of the Sierra Mojada range.
The majority of the mineralization identified to date is seen as oxide, which has been derived from primary sulphide bodies
that have been oxidized and remained in situ or remobilized into porous and fractured rock along the Sierra Mojada Fault. The formation
of the Silver Zone and the Zinc Zone is a reflection of the mobility of the metals in the ground water conditions at Sierra Mojada. 

The geology of the Sierra Mojada District is
composed of a Cretaceous limestone and dolomite sequence sitting on top of the Jurassic San Marcos red sediments. This sedimentary
sequence was subsequently intruded by Tertiary volcanics, which are considered to be responsible for the mineralization seen at Sierra
Mojada. Historical mines are dry, and the rocks are competent for the most part. The Company believes that the thickness and attitude
of the mineral resources could potentially be amenable to high volume mechanized mining methods and low-cost production. 

Sierra Mojada Technical Report Summary
(2023) 

On January
24, 2023, Archer, Cathro Associates (1981) Limited and Timothy Barry delivered a technical report summary (the Sierra Mojada
2023 TRS on the silver and zinc mineralization at the Sierra Mojada Project in accordance with subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K.
The Sierra Mojada 2023 TRS supersedes the prior mineral resources estimate released by the Company on October 30, 2018. The Sierra Mojada
2023 TRS includes an update on the silver and zinc mineralization which was estimated from 1,336 diamond
drill holes, 24 reverse circulation drill holes, 9,027 channel samples and 2,346 underground long holes. Using a net smelter return NSR economic cut-off, the Sierra Mojada 2023 TRS indicates mineral resources in the optimized pit of 70.4 million tonnes at an average silver
grade of 38.6 grams/tonne silver, an average zinc percentage of 3.4 , an average copper percentage of 0.04 and an average lead percentage
of 0.3 . The Sierra Mojada Report used a 13.50/tonne NSR cut-off grade and assumed a silver price of 18.00/ounce and a zinc price of
 1.20/pound based on a five year average. 

Sampling, Analysis, Quality Control and
Security 

The Company s activities conform to mining
industry standard practices and follow the Best Practices Guidelines of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy, and Petroleum (CIM).
Sampling is directed and supervised by trained and experienced geologists. Drill core and other samples are processed and logged using
industry standard methods. Standard samples, duplicates and blanks are periodically entered into the stream of samples submitted for assays,
and campaigns of re-sampling and duplicate analyses and round-robin inter-laboratory validations are conducted periodically. ALS Chemex
 Vancouver ALS Chemex laboratory is the Company s independent primary laboratory. ALS Chemex is ISO 9001:2000
certified. All analytical results that are used in resource models are exclusively from the independent primary laboratory. 

9 

Silver Bull s consultants perform technical
audits of its operations, including a formal quality assurance/quality control QA/QC program, and recommend improvements
as needed. A systematic program of duplicate sampling and assaying of representative samples from previous exploration activities was
completed in 2010 under the direction and control of the Company s consultants. Results of this study acceptably confirm the values
in the project database used for resource modeling. 

The Company formerly operated a sample preparation
and an analytical laboratory at the project that prepared samples for shipment, performed QA/QC analyses to ensure against cross-contamination
of samples during preparation and removed most low-value samples from the flow to the primary laboratory. For cost and other reasons,
the internal laboratory has been shut down. 

Prior Exploration Activities 

Exploration efforts have been focused on two
primary locations: the Silver Zone and the Zinc Zone. As further described below, various exploration activities have been conducted at
the Sierra Mojada Project; however, to date, the Company has not established any reserves, and the project remains in the exploration
stage and may never enter the development stage. 

Prior to 2008, exploration efforts largely
focused on the Zinc Zone with surface and underground drilling. In fiscal year 2009, exploration activities were scaled back and administrative
costs were reduced to conserve capital while the Company tried to secure additional sources of capital resources. 

After closing the transaction with Dome in
April 2010, exploration activities at Sierra Mojada primarily focused on the Silver Zone, which lies largely at surface. By the end of
calendar 2018, approximately 101,000 meters of diamond drilling from surface and 10,000 meters of underground drilling had been completed. 

The silver contained within the Silver Zone
is seen primarily as silver halide minerals. The zinc contained within the Zinc Zone is contained mostly in the mineral hemimorphite and,
to a lesser amount, in the mineral smithsonite. 

2023 Exploration Activities 

In January 2023, the Company s board
of directors approved an exploration budget for the Sierra Mojada Property of 0.3 million and
 0.7 million for general and administrative expenses for calendar year 2023 . Due
to the blockade by Mineros Norte os previously mentioned under the South32 Option Agreement section of this Form
10-K, all work at the Sierra Mojada Property remains halted. 

2022
Drilling 

During the year ended October 31, 2022,
no drilling was conducted as the drilling program remained halted due to the continuing blockade. 

Airborne
Geophysics 

Between September 2018 and November 2018, a
5,297 line kilometer helicopter-borne Versatile Time Domain Electro Magnetic (VTEM) and Magnetic Geophysical Survey was completed over
the Sierra Mojada Property. The results of this survey aided in refining the design of the drilling program. 

2023 Exploration Program 

The focus of the 2023 calendar year exploration
program on the Sierra Mojada Property will be to resolve the blockade and maintain property concessions. The continued exploration of
the Sierra Mojada Property ultimately will require the Company to raise additional capital, identify other sources of funding or identify
a strategic partner. 

Metallurgical Studies 

In May 2015, a selection of high-grade zinc
material samples were shipped to a lab in Denver, Colorado for fine bubble flotation test work and to a group in Australia
to assess their proprietary hydrometallurgy process. Previous test work completed by Silver Bull using mechanical flotation has shown
an 87 recovery of zinc from the white zinc zone to produce a rough concentrate of 43 zinc, and a 72.5 recovery of zinc from the red
zinc zone to produce a rough concentrate of 30 zinc. The fine bubble flotation test work that was performed did not improve
recovery, but based on analysis of the results, it was determined that the fine bubble flotation test process may be able
to be adjusted to improve recovery. Further testing is not planned at this time. 

10 

In addition, a metallurgical program was previously
conducted to test the recovery of (i) the silver mineralization using the agitation cyanide leach method and (ii) the zinc mineralization
using the SART process (sulfidization, acidification, recycling, and thickening). The test work on the Silver Zone focused on cyanide
leach recovery of the silver using Bottle Roll tests to simulate an agitation leach system and to determine the recovery
of (A) low-grade zinc that occurs in the Silver Zone and (B) high-grade zinc from the Zinc Zone that had been blended with mineralization
from the Silver-rich Zone to the leach solution. The silver was recovered from the cyanide leach solution using the Merrill Crowe technique,
and the zinc was recovered from the leach solution using the SART process. The SART process is a metallurgical process that regenerates
and recycles the cyanide used in the leaching process of the silver and zinc and allows for the recovery of zinc that has been leached
by the cyanide solution. The results showed an overall average silver recovery of 73.2 , with peak values of 89.0 and an overall average
zinc recovery of 44 in the Silver Zone. 

Mineral Resources 

Under S-K 1300, a mineral resource is defined
as a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth s crust in such form, grade or quality,
and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of
mineralization, taking into account relevant factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with
the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. It
is not merely an inventory of all mineralization drilled or sampled. More information supporting assumptions, methodologies, and
procedures can be found in the Technical Report Summary filed as Exhibit 96.1 to this Form 10-K. 

Sierra Mojada - Summary of Silver and Zinc
Mineral Resources at the End of the Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2022 Based on 18.00/oz Silver and 1.20/lb Zinc 

Grade 
 Contained Metal 
 Cut-off 
 Metallurgical Recovery 

Tonnes (Mt) 
 Ag (g/t) 
 Zn ) 
 NSR /t) 
 Ag (Moz) 
 Zn (Mlbs) 
 NSR /t) 
 Ag 
 Zn 

Measured Mineral Resources 
 
 52.0 
 39.2 
 4.0 
 44.3 
 65.5 
 4,589.3 
 13.50 
 73.2 
 44 

Indicated Mineral Resources 
 
 18.4 
 37.0 
 1. 9 
 27.3 
 21.9 
 764.6 
 13.50 
 73.2 
 44 
 
 Measured + Indicated Mineral Resources 
 
 70.4 
 38.6 
 3.4 
 39.8 
 87.4 
 5,353.9 
 13.50 
 73.2 
 44 
 
 Inferred Mineral Resources 
 0.1 
 8.8 
 6.4 
 52.3 
 0.02 
 10.7 
 13.50 
 73.2 
 44 

1) S-K 1300 definitions were followed for the Mineral Resource. 

2) The Mineral Resource is reported within a conceptual pit-shell using an
NSR cut-off value of US 13.50/tonne. 

3) Mineral Resources are not reserves and do not demonstrate economic viability. 

4) Tonnages are reported to the nearest 100,000 tonne. Grades are rounded to
the nearest decimal place 

5) Rounding as required by reporting guidelines may result in apparent summation
differences between tonnes, grade, and contained metal. 
 6) Tonnages and grades are as reported directly from block model; with mined
out areas removed. 

11 

Competition and Mineral Prices 

Mineral Prices 

Silver and zinc are commodities, and their
prices are volatile. From January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 the price of silver ranged from a low of 17.77 per troy ounce
to a high of 26.17 per troy ounce, and from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 the price of zinc ranged from a low of 2,967 per
tonne to a high of 4,360 per tonne. Silver and zinc prices are affected by many factors beyond the Company s control, including
prevailing interest rates and returns on other asset classes, expectations regarding inflation, speculation, currency values, governmental
decisions regarding the disposal of precious metals stockpiles, global and regional demand and production, political and economic conditions
and other factors. The competitive nature of the business and the risks faced are discussed further in the Risk Factors 
Risks Related to the Company s Business section below. 

The following tables set forth, for the periods
indicated, high and low silver and zinc prices on the London Metal Exchange in U.S. dollars per troy ounce and per tonne, respectively.
On October 31, 2022, the closing price of silver was 19.17 per troy ounce. On October 31, 2022, the closing price of zinc
was 2,967 per tonne. 

Silver 
 (per troy ounce) 
 
 Year 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 2015 
 
 18.23 
 
 13.71 
 
 2016 
 
 20.71 
 
 13.58 
 
 2017 
 
 18.56 
 
 15.22 
 
 2018 
 
 17.52 
 
 13.97 
 
 2019 
 
 19.31 
 
 14.38 
 
 2020 
 
 28.89 
 
 12.00 
 
 2021 
 
 29.58 
 
 21.52 
 
 2022 
 
 26.17 
 
 17.77 

Zinc 
 (per tonne) 
 
 Year 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 2015 
 
 2,281 
 
 1,528 
 
 2016 
 
 2,566 
 
 1,520 
 
 2017 
 
 3,264 
 
 2,573 
 
 2018 
 
 3,533 
 
 2,434 
 
 2019 
 
 2,932 
 
 2,272 
 
 2020 
 
 2,780 
 
 1,903 
 
 2021 
 
 3,399 
 
 2,705 
 
 2022 
 
 4,360 
 
 2,967 

Competition 

The mining industry is highly competitive.
Silver Bull competes with other mining and exploration companies in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. There is competition
for a limited number of mineral property acquisition opportunities, some of which is with other companies having substantially greater
financial resources, staff and facilities than the Company does. As a result, there may be difficulty acquiring attractive exploration
properties, staking claims related to the Company s properties and exploring properties. The Company s competitive position
depends upon its ability to successfully and economically acquire and explore new and existing mineral properties. 

Government Regulation 

Mineral exploration activities are subject
to various national, state/provincial, and local laws and regulations, which govern prospecting, development, mining, production, exports,
taxes, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, protection of the environment, mine safety, hazardous substances and other
matters. Similarly, if any of the Company s properties are developed and/or mined, those activities are also subject to significant
governmental regulation and oversight. Silver Bull plans to obtain the licenses, permits and other authorizations currently required to
conduct its exploration programs. The Company believes that it is in compliance in all material respects with applicable mining, health,
safety and environmental statutes and the regulations applicable to the mineral interests held in Mexico. 

Environment Regulations 

The Company s activities are subject
to various national and local laws and regulations governing protection of the environment. These laws are continually changing and, in
general, are becoming more restrictive. Silver Bull intends to conduct business in a way that safeguards public health and the environment
and is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 

12 

Changes to current state or federal laws and
regulations in Mexico could, in the future, require additional capital expenditures and increased operating and/or reclamation costs.
Although the Company is unable to predict what additional legislation, if any, might be proposed or enacted, additional regulatory requirements
could impact the economics of its projects. 

During fiscal year 2022, Silver Bull had no
material environmental incidents or non-compliance with any applicable environmental regulations. 

Employees 

Silver Bull has four employees, all of whom
work full time. Minera Metalin, its wholly-owned operating subsidiary in Mexico, currently has one full-time employee. 

Corporate Offices 

Silver Bull s corporate office is located
at 777 Dunsmuir Street, Suite 1605, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada V7Y 1G6, telephone number is (604) 687-5800. 

Available Information 

The Company maintains a website at http://www.silverbullresources.com .
The information on the website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company makes available on
or through its website certain reports and amendments to those reports that are filed with or furnished to the SEC in accordance with
the Exchange Act. Readers may also obtain this information from the SEC s website, http://www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 

A purchase of the Company s securities
involves a high degree of risk. The Company s business or operating or financial condition could be harmed due to any of the following
risks. Accordingly, investors should carefully consider these risks in making a decision as to whether to purchase, sell or hold securities
of the Company. In addition, investors should note that the risks described below are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional
risks not presently known to the Company, or risks that do not seem significant today, may impair business operations in the future. Readers
should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and the documents incorporated by reference herein, before making a decision to invest in securities of the Company. 

Risk factors are grouped into the following
categories: 

Risks Relating to the Company s Business; 

 Risks Relating to the Mineral Exploration Industry; and 

 Risks Relating to the Company s Common Stock; 

RISKS RELATING TO THE COMPANY S BUSINESS: 

There is substantial doubt about whether
the Company can continue as a going concern. 

To date, the Company has earned no revenues
and has incurred accumulated net losses of 137,394,000. In addition, the Company has limited financial resources. As of October 31,
2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 887,000 and working capital of 620,000. Therefore, continuation as a going concern
is dependent upon achieving a future financing or a strategic transaction. However, there is no assurance that the Company will have
the ability to be successful pursuing a financing or strategic transaction. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt as to whether existing
cash resources and working capital are sufficient to enable the Company to continue its operations for the next 12 months as a going
concern. Ultimately, in the event that the Company cannot obtain additional financial resources, or achieve profitable operations, it
may have to liquidate its business interests and investors may lose their investment. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. Continued operations are dependent on the ability to obtain
additional financial resources or generate profitable operations. Such additional financial resources may not be available or may not
be available on reasonable terms. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. Such adjustments could be material. 

13 

The Company may have difficulty meeting
its current and future capital requirements. 

The Company s management
and the board of directors monitor overall costs and expenses and, if necessary, adjust programs and planned expenditures in an attempt
to ensure that the Company has sufficient operating capital. The Company continues to evaluate its costs and planned expenditures for
its ongoing exploration efforts at the Sierra Mojada Project. As of October 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of
 887,000. Even with the successful additional financial resources, the continued exploration and possible development of the Sierra Mojada
Project will require significant amounts of additional capital. If the Company is unable to fund future operations by way of financings,
including public or private offerings of equity or debt securities, it will need to reorganize or significantly reduce its operations,
which may result in an adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition and exploration activities. The Company does
not have a credit, off-take or other commercial financing arrangement in place that would finance continued evaluation or development
of the Sierra Mojada Project, and the Company believes that securing credit for these projects may be difficult. Moreover, equity financing
may not be available on attractive terms and, if available, will likely result in significant dilution to existing stockholders. 

The Company is an exploration stage mining
company with no history of operations. 

The Company is an exploration stage enterprise
engaged in mineral exploration in Mexico. The Company has a very limited operating history and is subject to all the risks inherent in
a new business enterprise. As an exploration stage company, it may never enter the development and production stages. To date, the Company
has had no revenues and have relied upon equity financing, South32 funding and sale of investments to fund its operations. The likelihood
of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection
with an exploration stage business, and the competitive and regulatory environment in which the Company operates and will operate, such
as under-capitalization, personnel limitations, and limited financing sources. 

The Company has no commercially mineable
ore body. 

No commercially mineable ore body has been
delineated on the Sierra Mojada Project, nor have the Company s properties been shown to contain proven or probable mineral reserves.
Investors should not assume that the projections contained in the Sierra Mojada Report will ever be realized. The Company cannot guarantee
that any mineral deposits identified on the Sierra Mojada Project will qualify as an ore body that can be legally and economically exploited
or that any particular level of recovery of silver, zinc or other minerals from discovered mineralization will in fact be realized. Most
exploration projects do not result in the discovery of commercially mineable ore deposits. Even if the presence of reserves is established
at a project, the legal and economic viability of the project may not justify exploitation. 

Mineral resource estimates may not be
reliable. 

There are numerous uncertainties inherent in
estimating quantities of mineral resources such as silver, zinc, lead, and copper, including many factors beyond the Company s control,
and no assurance can be given that the recovery of mineral resources will be realized. In general, estimates of mineral resources are
based upon a number of factors and assumptions made as of the date on which the estimates were determined, including: 

geological and engineering estimates that have inherent uncertainties; 

 the assumed effects of regulation by governmental agencies; 

 the judgment of the engineers preparing the estimate; 

 estimates of future metals prices and operating costs; 

 the quality and quantity of available data; 

 the interpretation of that data; and 

 the accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions, all of which may vary considerably
from actual results. 

All estimates are, to some degree, uncertain.
For these reasons, estimates of the recoverable mineral resources prepared by different engineers or by the same engineers at different
times may vary substantially. As such, there is significant uncertainty in any mineral resource estimate, and actual deposits encountered
and the economic viability of a deposit may differ materially from the Company s estimates. 

14 

The Company s business plan is
highly speculative, and its success largely depends on the successful exploration of the Sierra Mojada concessions . 

The Company s business plan is focused
on exploring the Sierra Mojada concessions to identify reserves and, if appropriate, to ultimately develop each property. Although the
Company has reported mineral resources on the Sierra Mojada Project, it has not established any reserves and remains in the exploration
stage. The Company may never enter the development or production stage. Exploration of mineralization and determination of whether the
mineralization might be extracted profitably is highly speculative, and it may take a number of years until production is possible, during
which time the economic viability of the project may change. Substantial expenditures are required to establish reserves, extract metals
from ore and construct mining and processing facilities. 

The Sierra Mojada Project is subject to all
of the risks inherent in mineral exploration and development. The economic feasibility of any mineral exploration and/or development project
is based upon, among other things, estimates of the size and grade of mineral reserves, proximity to infrastructures and other resources
(such as water and power), anticipated production rates, capital and operating costs, and metals prices. To advance from an exploration
project to a development project, the Company will need to overcome various hurdles, including completing favorable feasibility studies,
securing necessary permits, and raising significant additional capital to fund activities. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be successful in overcoming these hurdles. Because of the Company s focus on the Sierra Mojada Project and its proximity to
Torreon, Mexico, the success of its operations and profitability may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of adverse conditions
unique to the region. 

Due to the Company s history of
operating losses, it is uncertain that it will be able to maintain sufficient cash to accomplish its business objectives. 

During the fiscal years ended October 31,
2022 and 2021 the Company incurred net losses of 3,168,000 and 2,448,000 respectively. At October 31, 2022, the Company had stockholders 
equity of 5,867,000 and cash and cash equivalents of 887,000. Significant amounts of capital will be required to continue to explore
and potentially develop the Sierra Mojada concessions. The Company is not engaged in any revenue producing activities, and does not expect
to be in the near future. Currently, potential sources of funding consist of the sale of additional equity securities, entering into
joint venture agreements or selling a portion of the Company s interests in its assets. There is no assurance that any additional
capital that the Company will require will be obtainable on terms acceptable to it, if at all. Failure to obtain such additional financing
could result in delays or indefinite postponement of further exploration of the projects. Additional financing, if available, will likely
result in substantial dilution to existing stockholders. 

Exploration activities require significant
amounts of capital that may not be recovered. 

Mineral exploration activities are subject
to many risks, including the risk that no commercially productive or extractable resources will be encountered. There can be no assurance
that the Company s activities will ultimately lead to an economically feasible project or that it will recover all or any portion
of its investment. Mineral exploration often involves unprofitable efforts, including drilling operations that ultimately do not further
exploration efforts. The cost of minerals exploration is often uncertain, and cost overruns are common. Drilling and exploration operations
may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of numerous factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control, including
title problems, weather conditions, protests, compliance with governmental requirements, including permitting issues, and shortages or
delays in the delivery of equipment and services. 

The Company s financial condition
could be adversely affected by changes in currency exchange rates, especially between the U.S. dollar and each of the Mexican peso MXN and the Canadian dollar CDN given its focus on the Sierra Mojada Project in Mexico and the corporate office in Vancouver,
Canada. 

The Company s financial condition is
affected in part by currency exchange rates, as portions of its exploration costs in Mexico and general and administration costs in Canada
are denominated in the local currency. A weakening U.S. dollar relative to the MXN and CDN will have the effect of increasing exploration
costs and general and administration costs while a strengthening U.S. dollar will have the effect of reducing exploration costs and general
and administration costs. The exchange rates between the CDN and the U.S. dollar and between the MXN and U.S. dollar have fluctuated
widely in response to international political conditions, general economic conditions and other factors beyond the Company s control. 

The Company s success depends on
developing and maintaining relationships with local communities and other stakeholders. 

The Company s ongoing and future success
depends on developing and maintaining productive relationships with the communities surrounding its operations and other stakeholders
in its operating locations. The Company believes that its operations can provide valuable benefits to surrounding communities, in terms
of direct employment, training and skills development. In addition, the Company seeks to maintain its partnerships and relationships with
local communities and stakeholders in a variety of ways, including in-kind contributions, sponsorships and donations. Notwithstanding
ongoing efforts, local communities and stakeholders can become dissatisfied with the Company s activities or the level of benefits
provided, which may result in legal or administrative proceedings, civil unrest, protests, direct action or campaigns against the Company,
such as the blockade by Mineros Norte os that caused the halt of all work on the Sierra Mojada Property. Any such occurrences,
including the blockade, could materially and adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

15 

The Company shares certain key officers
and directors with Arras, which means that those officers do not devote their full time and attention to its affairs, and the overlap
may give rise to conflicts of interest. 

The Company s Chief Executive Officer,
Timothy Barry, President, Darren Klinck, and Chief Financial Officer, Christopher Richards also serve as Chief Executive Officer, President,
, and Chief Financial Officer of Arras, respectively. As a result, the Company s executive officers do not devote their full time
and attention to the Company s affairs. There may be circumstances in which the Company s executive officers are compelled
to spend a significant portion of their time and attention to Arras affairs, which may mean that they are unable to devote sufficient
time to the Company s affairs. Furthermore, the Company s Chairman, Brian Edgar, also serves as Chairman of Arras, and three
members of the board of directors (including Timothy Barry and Brian Edgar) are also directors of Arras. The overlapping officers and
directors may have actual or apparent conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting each company. For example,
conflicts may arise if there are issues or disputes under commercial arrangements that may exist between Arras and the Company. Any failure
of the directors or officers of the Company to address these conflicts in an appropriate manner or to allocate opportunities that they
become aware of to the Company could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows or prospects. 

The Company needs and relies upon key
personnel. 

Presently, the Company employs a limited number
of full-time employees, utilizes outside consultants, and in large part relies on the efforts of its officers and directors. Success will
depend, in part, upon the ability to attract and retain qualified employees. In particular, the Company has only three executive officers:
Timothy Barry, Darren Klinck and Christopher Richards, and the loss of the services of any of these would adversely affect the Company s
business. 

The Company is exposed to information
systems and cybersecurity risks. 

The Company s information systems (including
those of any of its counterparties) may be vulnerable to the increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized
parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or information through fraud or other means of deception. The Company s operations
depend, in part, on how well it and its counterparties protect networks, equipment, information technology systems and software against
damage from threats. The failure of information systems or a component of information systems could, depending on the nature of any such
failure, adversely impact the Company s reputation and results of operations. There can be no assurance that the Company or its
counterparties will not incur such losses in the future. The Company s risk and exposure to these matters cannot be fully mitigated
because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats. As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement
of controls, processes and practices designed to protect systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized
access remain an area of attention. 

The Company s operations may be
disrupted, and its financial results may be adversely affected, by global outbreaks of contagious diseases, including the coronavirus
(COVID-19) pandemic. 

Global outbreaks of contagious diseases, including
the December 2019 outbreak of a strain of coronavirus (COVID-19), have the potential to significantly and adversely impact the Company s
operations and business. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization recognized COVID-19 as a global pandemic. Pandemics or
disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 outbreak may have a variety of adverse effects on the Company s business, including by depressing
commodity prices and the market value of its securities and limiting the ability of management to meet with potential financing sources.
The spread of COVID-19 has had, and continues to have, a negative impact on the financial markets, which may impact the Company s
ability to obtain additional financing in the near term. A prolonged downturn in the financial markets could have an adverse effect on
the Company s business, results of operations and ability to raise capital. 

16 

RISKS RELATING TO THE MINERAL EXPLORATION
INDUSTRY: 

There are inherent risks in the mineral
exploration industry. 

The Company is subject to all of the risks
inherent in the minerals exploration industry, including, without limitation, the following: 

competition from a large number of companies, most of which are significantly larger than
the Company, in the acquisition, exploration, and development of mining properties; 

 the possible inability to raise enough money to pay the fees and taxes and perform the labor
necessary to maintain the Company s concessions in good status; 

 exploration for minerals is highly speculative, involves substantial risks and is frequently
unproductive, even when conducted on properties known to contain significant quantities of mineralization, and the Company s exploration
projects may not result in the discovery of commercially mineable deposits of ore; 

 the probability of an individual prospect ever having reserves that meet the requirements
for reporting under S-K 1300 is remote, and any funds spent on exploration may be lost; 

 the Company s operations are subject to a variety of existing laws and regulations
relating to exploration and development, permitting procedures, safety precautions, property reclamation, employee health and safety,
air quality standards, pollution and other environmental protection controls, and it may not be able to comply with these regulations
and controls; and 

 a large number of factors beyond the Company s control, including fluctuations in
metal prices, inflation, and other economic conditions, will affect the economic feasibility of mining. 

Metals prices are subject to extreme
fluctuation. 

The Company s activities are influenced
by the prices of commodities, including silver, zinc, lead, copper and other metals. These prices fluctuate widely and are affected by
numerous factors beyond the Company s control, including interest rates, expectations for inflation, speculation, currency values
(in particular, the strength of the U.S. dollar), global and regional demand, political and economic conditions and production costs in
major metal-producing regions of the world. 

The Company s ability to establish reserves
through its exploration activities, its future profitability and long-term viability depend, in large part, on the market prices of silver,
zinc, lead, copper and other metals. The market prices for these metals are volatile and are affected by numerous factors beyond the Company s
control, including: 

global or regional consumption patterns; 

 supply of, and demand for, silver, zinc, lead, copper and other metals; 

 speculative activities and producer hedging activities; 

 expectations for inflation; 

 political and economic conditions; and 

 supply of, and demand for, consumables required for production. 

Future weakness in the global economy could
increase volatility in metals prices or depress metals prices, which could in turn reduce the value of the Company s properties,
make it more difficult to raise additional capital, and make it uneconomical for it to continue its exploration activities. 

There are inherent risks with foreign
operations. 

The Company s business activities are
primarily conducted in Mexico, and as such, its activities are exposed to various levels of foreign political, economic and other risks
and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, terrorism, hostage taking, military repression, extreme
fluctuations in currency exchange rates, high rates of inflation, labor unrest, war or civil unrest, expropriation and nationalization,
renegotiation or nullification of existing concessions, licenses, permits, approvals and contracts, illegal mining, changes in taxation
policies, restrictions on foreign exchange and repatriation, changing political conditions (including, potential instability if the United
States withdraws from the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement), currency controls and governmental regulations that favor or require
the rewarding of contracts to local contractors or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase supplies from, a particular
jurisdiction. 

17 

Changes, if any, in mining or investment policies
or shifts in political attitude in Mexico may adversely affect the Company s exploration and possible future development activities.
The Company may also be affected to varying degrees by government regulations with respect to, but not limited to, foreign investment,
maintenance of claims, environmental legislation, land use, land claims of local people, water use and mine safety. Failure to comply
strictly with applicable laws, regulations and local practices relating to mineral right applications and tenure could result in loss,
reduction or expropriation of entitlements, or the imposition of additional local or foreign parties as joint venture partners with carried
or other interests. 

The occurrence of these various factors and
uncertainties cannot be accurately predicted and could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations. In addition, legislation
in the United States, Canada or Mexico regulating foreign trade, investment and taxation could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition. 

The Sierra Mojada Project is located
in Mexico and is subject to varying levels of political, economic, legal and other risks. 

The Sierra Mojada Project is in Mexico. In
the past, Mexico has been subject to political instability, changes and uncertainties that have resulted in changes to existing governmental
regulations affecting mineral exploration and mining activities. Mexico s status as a developing country may make it more difficult
for the Company to obtain any required financing for the Sierra Mojada Project or other projects in Mexico in the future. The Sierra Mojada
Project is also subject to a variety of governmental regulations governing health and worker safety, employment standards, waste disposal,
protection of historic and archaeological sites, mine development, protection of endangered and protected species and other matters. Mexican
regulators have broad authority to shut down and/or levy fines against facilities that do not comply with regulations or standards. 

The Company s exploration activities
in Mexico may be adversely affected to varying degrees by changing government regulations relating to the mining industry or shifts in
political conditions that increase the costs related to the Sierra Mojada Project. Changes, if any, in mining or investment policies or
shifts in political attitude may adversely affect the Company s financial condition. Expansion of the Company s activities
will be subject to the need to obtain sufficient access to adequate supplies of water and assure the availability of sufficient power
and surface rights that could be affected by government policy and competing operations in the area. 

The Company also has litigation risk with respect
to its operations. See Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for an explanation of material
legal proceedings to which Silver Bull or its subsidiaries have been a party. 

The occurrence of these various factors and
uncertainties cannot be accurately predicted and could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition. Future changes
in applicable laws and regulations or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could negatively impact current or planned
exploration activities with the Sierra Mojada Project or in respect to any other projects in which the Company becomes involved in Mexico.
Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, even if inadvertent, could result in the interruption of exploration operations
or material fines, penalties or other liabilities. 

Title to the Company s properties
may be challenged or defective. 

The Company s future operations, including
its activities at the Sierra Mojada Project and other exploration activities, will require additional permits from various governmental
authorities. The Company s operations are and will continue to be governed by laws and regulations governing prospecting, mineral
exploration, exports, taxes, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, toxic substances, land use, environmental protection,
mine safety, mining royalties and other matters. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to acquire all required licenses,
permits or property rights on reasonable terms or in a timely manner, or at all, that such terms will not be adversely changed, that required
extensions will be granted, or that the issuance of such licenses, permits or property rights will not be challenged by third parties. 

The Company attempts to confirm the validity
of its rights of title to, or contract rights with respect to, each mineral property in which it has a material interest. However, the
Company cannot guarantee that title to its properties will not be challenged. The Sierra Mojada Property may be subject to prior unregistered
agreements, interests or native land claims, and title may be affected by undetected defects. There may be valid challenges to the title
of any of the claims comprising the Sierra Mojada Property that, if successful, could impair possible development and/or operations with
respect to such properties in the future. Challenges to permits or property rights (whether successful or unsuccessful), changes to the
terms of permits or property rights, or a failure to comply with the terms of any permits or property rights that have been obtained could
have a material adverse effect on business by delaying or preventing or making continued operations economically unfeasible. 

18 

A title defect could result in Silver Bull
losing all or a portion of its right, title, and interest to and in the properties to which the title defect relates. Title insurance
generally is not available, and the Company s ability to ensure that it has obtained secure title to individual mineral properties
or mining concessions may be severely constrained. In addition, the Company may be unable to operate its properties as permitted or to
enforce its rights with respect to its properties. The Company annually monitors the official mining records in Mexico City to determine
if there are annotations indicating the existence of a legal challenge against the validity of any of its concessions. As of January
2023, and to the best of the Company s knowledge, there are no such annotations, nor is the Company aware of any challenges from
the government or from third parties, except for the matters described in Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 

In addition, in connection with the purchase
of certain mining concessions, Silver Bull agreed to pay a net royalty interest on revenue from future mineral sales on certain concessions
at the Sierra Mojada Project, including concessions on which a significant portion of its mineral resources are located. The aggregate
amount payable under this royalty is capped at 6.875 million (the Royalty ), an amount that will only be reached if there
is significant future production from the concessions. As noted in Part I, Item 3 (Legal Proceedings), this Royalty is currently the subject
of a dispute with a local cooperative. In addition, records from prior management indicate that additional royalty interests may have
been created, although the continued applicability and scope of these interests are uncertain. The existence of these royalty interests
may have a material effect on the economic feasibility of potential future development of the Sierra Mojada Project. 

The Company is subject to complex environmental
and other regulatory risks, which could expose it to significant liability and delay and potentially the suspension or termination of
exploration efforts. 

The Company s mineral exploration activities
are subject to federal, state and local environmental regulations in the jurisdictions where its mineral properties are located. These
regulations mandate, among other things, the maintenance of air and water quality standards and land reclamation. They also set forth
limitations on the generation, transportation, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous waste. No assurance can be given that environmental
standards imposed by these governments will not be changed, thereby possibly materially adversely affecting the Company s proposed
activities. Compliance with these environmental requirements may also necessitate significant capital outlays or may materially affect
the Company s earning power. 

Environmental legislation is evolving in a
manner that will require stricter standards and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for non-compliance, more stringent environmental
assessments of proposed projects, and a heightened degree of responsibility for companies and their officers, directors and employees.
As a result of recent changes in environmental laws in Mexico, for example, more legal actions supported or sponsored by non-governmental
groups interested in halting projects may be filed against companies operating in all industrial sectors, including the mining sector.
Mexican projects are also subject to the environmental agreements entered into by Mexico, the United States and Canada in connection with
the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement. 

Future changes in environmental regulations
in the jurisdictions where the Company s projects are located may adversely affect its exploration activities, make them prohibitively
expensive, or prohibit them altogether. Environmental hazards may exist on the properties in which the Company currently holds interests,
such as the Sierra Mojada Project, or may hold interests in the future, that are unknown to it at present and that have been caused by
it or previous owners or operators, or that may have occurred naturally. The Company may be liable for remediating any damage that it
may have caused. The liability could include costs for removing or remediating the release and damage to natural resources, including
ground water, as well as the payment of fines and penalties. 

The Company s industry is highly
competitive, attractive mineral properties and property concessions are scarce, and it may not be able to obtain quality properties or
concessions. 

The Company competes with other mining and
exploration companies in the acquisition of mineral properties and property concessions. There is competition for a limited number of
attractive mineral property acquisition opportunities, some of which is with other companies having substantially greater financial resources,
staff and facilities than the Company. As a result, the Company may have difficulty acquiring quality mineral properties or property concessions. 

The Company may face a shortage of water. 

Water is essential in all phases of the exploration
and development of mineral properties. It is used in such processes as exploration, drilling, leaching, placer mining, dredging, testing,
and hydraulic mining. Both the lack of available water and the cost of acquisition may make an otherwise viable project economically impossible
to complete. In November 2013, Silver Bull was granted the right to exploit up to 3.5 million cubic meters of water per year from six
different well sites by the water regulatory body in Mexico, La Comisi n Nacional del Agua, but it has yet to be determined if
the six well sites can produce this much water over a sustained period of time. 

19 

The Company s non-operating properties
are subject to various hazards. 

The Company is subject to risks and hazards,
including environmental hazards, possible encounters with unusual or unexpected geological formations, cave-ins, flooding and earthquakes,
and periodic interruptions due to inclement or hazardous weather conditions. These occurrences could result in damage to, or the destruction
of, mineral properties or future production facilities, personal injury or death, environmental damage, delays in exploration activities,
asset write-downs, monetary losses and possible legal liability. The Company may not be insured against all losses or liabilities, either
because such insurance is unavailable or because it has elected not to purchase such insurance due to high premium costs or other reasons.
Although the Company maintains insurance in an amount that it considers to be adequate, liabilities might exceed policy limits, in which
event the Company could incur significant costs that could adversely affect its activities. The realization of any significant liabilities
in connection with the Company s activities as described above could negatively affect its activities and the price of its common
stock. 

RISKS RELATING TO THE COMPANY S COMMON
STOCK: 

Further equity financings may lead to
the dilution of the Company s common stock. 

In order to finance future operations, the
Company may raise funds through the issuance of common stock or the issuance of debt instruments or other securities convertible into
common stock. The Company cannot predict the size of future issuances of common stock or the size and terms of future issuances of debt
instruments or other securities convertible into common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of the Company s
securities will have on the market price of its common stock. Any transaction involving the issuance of previously authorized but unissued
shares, or securities convertible into common stock, would result in dilution, possibly substantial, to present and prospective security
holders. Demand for equity securities in the mining industry has been weak; therefore, equity financing may not be available on attractive
terms and, if available, will likely result in significant dilution to existing shareholders. 

No dividends are anticipated. 

At the present time, the Company does not anticipate
paying dividends, cash or otherwise, on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Future dividends will depend on the Company s
earnings, if any, its financial requirements and other factors. There can be no assurance that the Company will pay dividends. 

The Company s stock price can be
very volatile. 

The common stock of the Company is listed on
the TSX and trades on the OTCQB. The trading price of the Company s common stock has been, and could continue to be, subject to
wide fluctuations in response to announcements of its business developments, results and progress of its exploration activities at the
Sierra Mojada Project, progress reports on its exploration activities, and other events or factors. In addition, stock markets have experienced
significant price volatility in recent months and years. This volatility has had a substantial effect on the share prices of companies,
at times for reasons unrelated to their operating performance. These fluctuations could be in response to: 

volatility in metal prices; 

 political developments in the foreign countries in which its properties are located; and 

 news reports relating to trends in the industry or general economic conditions. 

These broad market and industry fluctuations
may adversely affect the price of the Company s common stock, regardless of its operating performance. 

The Company cannot make any predictions or
projections as to what the prevailing market price for its common stock will be at any time, including as to whether its common stock
will achieve or remain at levels at or near its offering price, or as to what effect the sale of shares or the availability of common
stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

20 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On May 20, 2014, Mineros Norte os
filed an action in the Local First Civil Court in the District of Morelos, State of Chihuahua, Mexico, against the Company s subsidiary,
Minera Metalin, claiming that Minera Metalin breached an agreement regarding the development of the Sierra Mojada Project. Mineros Norte os
sought payment of the Royalty, including interest at a rate of 6 per annum since August 30, 2004, even though no revenue has been
produced from the applicable mining concessions. It also sought payment of wages to the cooperative s members since August 30,
2004, even though none of the individuals were hired or performed work for Minera Metalin under this agreement and Minera Metalin did
not commit to hiring them. On January 19, 2015, the case was moved to the Third District Court (of federal jurisdiction). On October 4,
2017, the court ruled that Mineros Norte os was time barred from bringing the case. On October 19, 2017, Mineros Norte os
appealed this ruling. On July 31, 2019, the Federal Appeals Court upheld the original ruling. This ruling was subsequently challenged
by Mineros Norte os and on January 24, 2020, the Federal Circuit Court ruled that the Federal Appeals Court must consider
additional factors in its ruling. In March 2020, the Federal Appeals Court upheld the original ruling
after considering these additional factors. In August 2020, Mineros Norte os appealed this ruling, which appeal the Company
 timely responded and objected to on October 5, 2020. On March 26, 2021, the Federal Circuit
Court issued a final and conclusive resolution, affirming the Federal Appeals Court decision. Despite the judgments in favour
of the Company, Mineros Norte os has continued to block access to the facilities at Sierra Mojada since September 2019. The
Company has filed criminal complaints with the State of Coahuila, federal and state authorities have been contacted to intervene and terminate
the blockade, and the Company has attempted to negotiate with Mineros Norte os, without resolution to date. T he
Company has not accrued any amounts in its consolidated financial statements with respect to this claim. 

On February 15,
2016, Messrs. Jaime Valdez Farias and Maria Asuncion Perez Alonso (collectively, Valdez filed an action before the
Local First Civil Court of Torreon, State of Coahuila, Mexico, against the Company s subsidiary, Minera Metalin, claiming that Minera
Metalin had breached an agreement regarding the development of the Sierra Mojada Property. Valdez sought payment in the amount of 5.9
million for the alleged breach of the agreement. On April 28, 2016, Minera Metalin filed its response to the complaint, asserting various
defenses, including that Minera Metalin terminated the agreement before the payment obligations arose and that certain conditions precedent
to such payment obligations were never satisfied by Valdez. The Company and its Mexican legal counsel asserted all applicable defenses.
In May 2017, a final judgment was entered finding for the Company, the defendant, acquitting it of all of the plaintiff s claims
and demands. However, due to a technicality in an early procedural act, Valdez was allowed to, and did, challenge the judgment before
a local Appeals Court. On October 1, 2020, the Appeals Court entered a resolution overturning the previous judgment and entering
a resolution in favor of Valdez in the amount of 5 million, plus court costs. In November 2020, the judgment of the Appeals Court was
timely challenged by the Company by means of an Amparo lawsuit (Constitutional protection) before a Federal Circuit Court.
In June 2021, the Federal Circuit Court ruled in favor of the plaintiff. In consultation with the Company s Mexican legal counsel,
the Company believes these judgments are contrary to applicable law. No efforts have been made by the plaintiff to enforce the Appeals
Court resolution, and in the event such efforts are undertaken, the Company intends to assert a variety of further defenses. The Company
believes the likelihood of the plaintiff succeeding in collecting any amount on this claim is remote, as such it has not accrued any amounts
in the consolidated financial statements with respect to this claim. 

See Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies
to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

21 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES 

Market Information 

From May 2, 2011 to June 28, 2015,
Silver Bull s common stock traded on the NYSE MKT (the predecessor stock exchange to the NYSE American) under the symbol SVBL. 
On June 5, 2015, the Company announced its decision to voluntarily delist its shares of common stock from the NYSE MKT due to costs
associated with the continued listing and NYSE MKT exchange rules regarding maintenance of a minimum share price. On June 29, 2015,
Silver Bull shares began trading on the OTCQB marketplace operated by OTC Markets Group. Since August 26, 2010, the Company s
common stock has been trading on the TSX under the symbol SVB. 

The sales prices on the OTCQB reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Holders 

As of January 26, 2023, there were 312 holders
of record of the Company s common stock. This does not include persons or entities that hold common stock in brokerage accounts
or otherwise in street name. 

Dividends 

The Company has not declared or paid any cash
dividends on its common stock during the last two fiscal years. The Company has no plans to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

As of October 31,
2022, the Company had one formal equity compensation plan under which equity securities were authorized for issuance to its officers,
directors, employees and consultants: the 2019 Stock Option and Stock Bonus Plan (the 2019 Plan ). The 2019 Plan was adopted
by the board of directors in February 2019 and approved by the shareholders in April 2019. The 2019 Plan was amended by the board of directors
in February 2022, and the amendment was approved by shareholders in April 2022 (the Amended 2019 Plan ). Under the Amended
2019 Plan, the lesser of (i) 15,000,000 shares or (ii) 10 of the total shares outstanding will be reserved to be issued upon the exercise
of options or the grant of stock bonuses. As of October 31, 2022, there were 355,565 shares
reserved for issuance under the Amended 2019 Plan. As of October 31, 2022, options issued under the 2010 Stock Option and Stock Bonus
Plan, as amended (the 2010 Plan ), were outstanding to acquire 43,750 shares of common stock. The term of the 2010 Plan expired
on or around December 22, 2019. As of October 31, 2022, no additional shares remain available for issuance under the 2010 Plan. 

The following table gives information about
the Company s common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under its compensation plans as
of October 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities
 to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 and rights 
 
 Weighted average
 exercise 
 price of outstanding 
 options and rights 
 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available
 for 
 future issuance 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 
 3,193,750 (1) 
 
 0.24 
 
 355,565 (2) 

Total 
 
 3,193,750 
 
 0.24 
 
 355,565 

(1) Includes options to acquire 43,750 shares of common stock under the 2010
Plan. 

(2) Includes 355,565 shares of common stock available for issuance under the
2019 Plan. 

22 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
and Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

No sales of unregistered equity securities occurred
during the period covered by this report. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company
and Affiliated Purchasers 

No purchases of equity securities were made
by or on behalf of Silver Bull or any affiliated purchaser within the meaning of Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act
during the period covered by this report. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Business Overview 

Silver Bull, incorporated in Nevada, is an
exploration stage company, engaged in the business of mineral exploration. The Company s primary objective is to define sufficient
mineral reserves on the Sierra Mojada Property to justify the development of a mechanized mining operation. Operations in Mexico are conducted
through the Company s wholly-owned Mexican subsidiaries, Minera Metalin and Minas. However, as noted above, Silver Bull has not
established any reserves at the Sierra Mojada Property, is in the exploration stage and may never enter the development or production
stage. 

Silver Bull s corporate office is located
at 777 Dunsmuir Street, Suite 1605, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada V7Y 1G6, telephone number is (604) 687-5800. 

Recent Developments 

South32 Option
Agreement 

On June 1, 2018, Silver Bull and its subsidiaries
Minera Metalin and Contratistas entered into an earn-in option agreement (the South32 Option Agreement with South32 International
Investment Holdings Pty Ltd South32 ), a wholly owned subsidiary of South32 Limited (ASX/JSE/LSE: S32), whereby South32
was able to obtain an option to purchase 70 of the shares of Minera Metalin and Contratistas (the South32 Option ). 

On October 11, 2019, the Company and its
subsidiary Minera Metalin issued a notice of force majeure to South32 pursuant to the South32 Option Agreement. Due to a blockade by a
cooperative of local miners called Sociedad Cooperativa de Exploraci n Minera Mineros Norte os, S.C.L. Mineros Norte os ),
all work was halted on the Sierra Mojada Property. The notice of force majeure was issued because of the blockade s impact on the
ability of the Company and its subsidiary Minera Metalin to perform their obligations under the South32 Option Agreement. Pursuant to
the South32 Option Agreement, any time period provided for in the South32 Option Agreement was to be generally extended by a period equal
to the period of delay caused by the event of force majeure. 

On August 31,
2022, the South32 Option Agreement was mutually terminated by South32 and the Company. 
 South32 paid 518,000 to the Company as a final payment for the exploration costs occurred by the Company
during the blockade and released South32 from all claims as the date of termination. 

As of January 26, 2023, the blockade by Mineros
Norte os at, on and around the Sierra Mojada Property is ongoing. 

Goodwill
and Possible Other Long-Lived Assets Impairment 

Goodwill represents the excess, at the date
of acquisition, of the purchase price of the business acquired over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired.
Due to a sustained decrease in the value of the Company s common stock as a result of the continued blockade at the Sierra Mojada
Property, management concluded that this constituted an indication of impairment of goodwill. On April 30, 2022, management performed
a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying
amount. Based on this assessment, management determined it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than
its carrying amount, and recorded a goodwill impairment of 2,058,031 in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. If the blockade at Sierra
Mojada Property continues and the Company s share price remains depressed, then further impairment of other long-lived assets such
as property concessions is possible. 

23 

Sierra Mojada Property 

In January 2023, the Company s board
of directors approved an exploration budget for the Sierra Mojada Property of 0.3 million and a
 0.7 million budget for general and administrative expenses for calendar year 2023 . Due to the blockade by Mineros Norte os
previously mentioned under the Recent Developments section of this Form 10-K, all exploration work remains halted at the
Sierra Mojada Property. Until the blockade situation is resolved, the focus of the exploration budget for the Sierra Mojada Property is
maintaining the Company s property concessions. 

2022 Drilling 

During the year ended October 31, 2022,
no drilling was conducted as the drilling program remained halted due to the continuing blockade. 

2023 Exploration Program 

The focus of the Company s 2023 calendar
year exploration program at the Sierra Mojada Property will be to resolve the blockade and to maintain property concessions in Mexico.
Upon resolution of the blockade, the Company will develop and announce an updated exploration program. 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2022
Compared to Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2021 

For the fiscal year ended
 October 31, 2022, the Company reported a consolidated net loss of 3,168,000 or approximately 0.09 per share, compared to a
 consolidated net loss of 2,448,000 or approximately 0.07 per share during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. The
 720,000 increase in the consolidated net loss was primarily due to a 1,414,000 increase in exploration and property holding costs
 (which was mainly the result of the 2,058,000 goodwill impairment as described in the Recent Developments section)
 which was partially offset by a 615,000 decrease in exploration and property costs, a 1,518,000 decrease in general and
 administrative expense and a 824,000 decrease in other income in the 2022 fiscal year compared to 2021 fiscal year as described
 below. 

Exploration and Property Holding Costs 

Exploration and property
holding costs increased by 1,414,000 to 2,392,000 in the 2022 fiscal year from 978,000 in the 2021 fiscal year. This increase was mainly
the result of a 2,058,000 goodwill impairment (as described in the Recent Developments section) which was partially offset
by a 615,000 decrease in exploration and holding costs as the result of costs incurred in connection with the Beskauga Option Agreement
in the 2021 fiscal year. There were no comparable expenses in the 2022 fiscal year. 

General and Administrative Costs 

General and administrative expenses decreased
by 1,518,000 to 1,045,000 in the 2022 fiscal year from 2,563,000 in the 2021 fiscal year as described below. 

Stock-based compensation was a factor in the
fluctuations in general and administrative expenses. Overall stock-based compensation included in general and administrative expense decreased
to 296,000 in the 2022 fiscal year from 492,000 in the 2021 fiscal year. This was mainly due to stock options granted to Silver Bull
employees, directors and advisors in the 2022 fiscal year compared to Arras stock options granted to Arras employees, directors
and advisors in the 2021 fiscal year, while Arras was a subsidiary of the Company. 

Personnel costs
decreased by 433,000 to 453,000 in the 2022 fiscal year from 886,000 in the 2021 fiscal year. This decrease was mainly due to a decrease
in employees salaries in the 2022 fiscal year compared to the 2021 fiscal year included the personnel costs related to Arras . 

Office
and administrative expenses decreased by 146,000 to 235,000 in the 2022 fiscal year from 381,000 in the 2021 fiscal year. This
decrease was primarily due to decreased investor relations activities, which in the 2021 fiscal year were incurred in relation to a special
meeting of shareholders in December 2020 and the planned distribution of Arras shares to Silver
Bull shareholders . 

Professional services decreased by 685,000
to 183,000 in the 2022 fiscal year from 868,000 in the 2021 fiscal year. This decrease was mainly
due to legal and accounting fees incurred in relation to the special meeting of shareholders in December 2020, the incorporation of Arras
and the planned distribution of Arras shares in the 2021 fiscal year. 

24 

Directors fees decreased by 208,000
to 158,000 in the 2022 fiscal year as compared to 366,000 for the 2021 fiscal year. This decrease
was primarily due to a 137,000 decrease in director fees and decrease in stock-based compensation expense to 86,000 in the 2022
fiscal year from 156,000 in the 2021 fiscal year as a result of stock options vesting in the 2022 fiscal year having a lower fair value
than stock options vesting in the 2021 fiscal year. 

The Company recorded a 14,000 provision for
uncollectible VAT for the 2022 fiscal year as compared to a 62,000 provision for uncollectible VAT in the 2021 fiscal year. The allowance
for uncollectible taxes in Mexico was estimated by management based upon a number of factors, including the length of time the returns
have been outstanding, responses received from tax authorities, general economic conditions in Mexico and estimated net recovery after
commissions. 

Other Income (Expenses) 

The Company recorded other income of 273,000 in the
2022 fiscal year as compared to other income of 1,097,000 in the 2021 fiscal year. The significant factor contributing to other income
in the 2022 fiscal year was a gain of 301,000 from selling Arras common shares and interest income of 6,000, which was offset by a 34,000
foreign currency transaction loss. The significant factor contributing to other income in the 2021 fiscal year was a 1,091,000 unrealized
gain of Arras shares held by Silver Bull and 6,000 in foreign currency transaction income. 

Material Changes in Financial Condition;
Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Disposition of Arras Shares 

On December 6, 2021, the Company sold 600,000
common shares of Arras at a price of CDN 1.00 per share for proceeds of 469,484 CDN 600,000). 

On June 15, 2022, the Company sold its remaining
852,262 common shares of Arras at a price of CDN 1.50 per share for gross proceeds of 994,704 CDN 1,278,393), incurring broker costs
of 30,075 in relation to the sale. 

Termination of South32 Option Agreement 

On August 31, 2022, the South32 Option Agreement
was mutually terminated by South32 and the Company. During the 2022 fiscal year, Silver Bull received a payment from South32 in the amount
of 518,000 as reimbursement for costs incurred during the force majeure period. 

Cash Flows 

During the 2022 fiscal year, cash and cash
equivalents were primarily utilized to fund general and administrative expenses and exploration activities at the Sierra Mojada Property. 

In addition, the Company received 518,000
from South32 and net proceeds of 1,434,000 from the sale of Arras common shares. As a result of
the funding from South32 and the proceeds received from the sale of Arras common shares, which were partially offset by exploration activities
and general and administrative expenses, cash and cash equivalents increased from 190,000 at October 31, 2021 to 887,000 at October
31, 2022. 

Cash flows used in operations for the 2022
fiscal year were 1,255,000 as compared to 1,685,000 for the 2021 fiscal year. The decrease was mainly due to due diligence and exploration
activities at the Beskauga Property in relation to the Beskauga Option Agreement in the 2021 fiscal year and decreased general and administrative
expenses, which were offset by the timing of certain payments. 

Cash flows provided by investing activities
for the 2022 fiscal year were net proceeds of 1,434,000 from the sale Arras common shares. Cash flows used in investing activities for
the 2021 fiscal year were 2,516,000, which included 1,928,000 for loans made to Ekidos Minerals LLP, 505,000 cash and cash equivalents
that were for the deconsolidation of Arras and 82,000 for the purchase of equipment. 

Cash
flows provided by financing activities for the 2022 fiscal year were 518,000 as compared to 2,531,000 in the 2021 fiscal year. The cash
flows provided by financing activities in the 2022 fiscal year were due to funding from South32. The cash flows provided by financing
activities in the 2021 fiscal year was due to the 2021 Silver Bull Private Placement, the Arras private placement, the second tranche
of 2020 Silver Bull Private Placement ,
funding from South32 and a Canada Emergency Business Account loan. 

25 

Capital Resources 

As of
October 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 887,000 as compared to cash and cash equivalents of 190,000 as of
October 31, 2021. The increase in liquidity was primarily the result of the proceeds from the sale of investments and funding from
South32, which were partially offset by exploration activities and property holding costs at the Sierra Mojada Property and general and
administrative expenses. 

Since
the Company s inception in November 1993, it has not generated revenue and has incurred an accumulated deficit of 137,394,000.
A ccordingly, the Company has not generated cash flows from operations, and since inception has
relied primarily upon proceeds from private placements and registered direct offerings of its equity securities, warrant exercises, the
 sale of investments and funding from South32 as the primary sources of financing to fund
operations. Based on the limited cash and cash equivalents, and history of losses, there is substantial doubt as to whether the
Company s existing cash resources are sufficient to enable it to continue operations for the next 12 months as a going concern.
Management plans to pursue possible financing and strategic options, including, but not limited to, obtaining additional equity financing
and the exercise of warrants by warrantholders. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful
in pursuing these plans. 

Any 
future additional financing in the near term will likely be in the form of the issuance of equity securities, which will result in dilution
to Silver Bull s existing shareholders. Moreover, the Company may incur significant fees and expenses in the pursuit of a financing
or other strategic transaction, which will increase the rate at which its cash and cash equivalents are depleted. 

Capital Requirements and Liquidity; Need
for Additional Funding 

The Company s
management and board of directors monitor overall costs, expenses, and financial resources and, if necessary, will adjust planned operational
expenditures in an attempt to ensure that the Company has sufficient operating capital. The Company continues to evaluate its costs and
planned expenditures, including its Sierra Mojada Property as discussed below. 

The continued
exploration of the Sierra Mojada Property will require significant amounts of additional capital. In January 2023, the board of directors
approved an exploration budget for the Sierra Mojada Property of 0.3 million and 0.7 million
for general and administrative expenses for calendar year 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 0.8 million
 in cash and cash
equivalents. The continued exploration of the Sierra Mojada Property ultimately will require the Company to raise additional capital,
identify other sources of funding or identify a strategic partner. 

The Company
will continue to evaluate its ability to obtain additional financial resources, and will attempt to reduce or limit expenditures on the
Sierra Mojada Property as well as general and administrative costs if it is determined that additional financial resources are unavailable
or available on terms that it determines are unacceptable. However, it may not be possible to reduce costs, and even if the Company is
successful in reducing costs, it still may not be able to continue operations for the next 12 months as a going concern. If the
Company is unable to fund future operations by obtaining additional financial resources or through public or private offerings of equity,
it does not expect to have sufficient available cash and cash equivalents to continue its operations for the next 12 months as a going
concern. Debt or equity financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Equity financing,
if available, may result in substantial dilution to existing stockholders. If the Company is unable to fund future operations by way of
financings, including public or private offerings of equity or debt securities, its business, financial condition and results of operations
will be adversely impacted. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There are no significant off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to its shareholders. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Adopted
in the Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2022 

On November 1, 2020, Silver Bull adopted the
Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB s Accounting Standards Updated ASU 2020-01, Investments
 Equity Securities (Topic 321), Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323), and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815) Clarifying the Interactions between Topic 321, Topic 323, and Topic 815. This ASU is effective for interim and annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2020. The adoption of this update did not have a material impact on the Company s financial
position, results of operations or cash flows and disclosures. 

26 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet
Adopted 

In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-01,
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Fair Value Hedging Portfolio Layer Method which is intended to make amendments
to the fair value hedge accounting previously issued in ASU 2017-12 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements
to Accounting for Hedging Activities . The new standard will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022.
The standard introduced the portfolio layer method allowing multiple hedged layers of a single closed portfolio when applying fair value
hedge accounting. The adoption of this update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
financial position, results of operations or cash flows and disclosures. 

Other recent accounting pronouncements issued
by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force) and the SEC did not or are not expected to have a material impact on the present
or future consolidated financial statements of the Company. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires the Company to
establish accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of
the consolidated financial statements. These consolidated financial statements include some estimates and assumptions that are based on
informed judgments and estimates of management. The Company evaluates its policies and estimates on an ongoing basis and discuss the development,
selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies with the audit committee of the board of directors. Predicting future events
is inherently an imprecise activity and as such requires the use of judgment. The Company s consolidated financial statements may
differ based upon different estimates and assumptions. 

Significant accounting policies are discussed
in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements. The significant accounting policies
are subject to judgments and uncertainties that affect the application of such policies. The Company believes that these consolidated
financial statements include the most likely outcomes with regard to amounts that are based on management s judgment and estimates.
The consolidated financial position and results of operations may be materially different when reported under different conditions or
when using different assumptions in the application of such policies. If estimates or assumptions prove to be different from the actual
amounts, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. The Company believes that the following accounting
policies are critical to the preparation of its consolidated financial statements due to the estimation process and business judgment
involved in their application: 

Principles of Consolidation South32
Option Agreement 

The Company consolidated entities in which
it had a controlling financial interest based on either the variable interest entity (VIE) or voting interest model. Generally, the primary
beneficiary of a VIE is a reporting entity that has (a) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s
economic performance, and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially
be significant to the VIE. Currently, the Company managed the mineral exploration program in the property concessions in Mexico through
its wholly-owned subsidiary corporations Minera Metalin. 

The Company determined that Minera Metalin
was a variable interest entity and it was the primary beneficiary. 

Management had
applied judgment in reaching its conclusion with respect to accounting for the South32 Option Agreement with South32, described in Note 3
to the consolidated financial statements. Under the South32 Option Agreement, South32 was able to obtain an option to purchase 70 of
the shares of Minera Metalin (the South32 Option ). Management had determined that the South32 Option Agreement did not result
in the transfer of control of the Sierra Mojada Project to South32 and that the South32 Option Agreement represented non-employee share-based
compensation associated with the collaborative exploration program undertaken by the parties. The compensation cost was expensed when
the associated exploration activity occurred. The share-based payments had been classified as equity instruments and valued based on the
fair value of consideration received, as it was more reliably measurable than the fair value of the equity interest. In the event the
South32 Option was exercised and shares were issued prior to a decision to develop a mine, such shares would have been classified as temporary
equity as they would have been contingently redeemable in exchange for a net smelter royalty under circumstances not wholly in control
of us or South32 and which were not probable. No portion of the equity value has been classified as temporary equity as the South32 Option
has no intrinsic value. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates based on assumptions about future events that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and related notes to the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis based on historical experience and other factors that
are considered to be relevant under the circumstances. Revisions to estimates and assumptions are accounted for prospectively. 

Significant areas involving the use of estimates
include determining the allowance for uncollectible taxes, evaluating recoverability of property concessions, evaluating impairment of
long-lived assets, evaluating impairment of goodwill, valuation of investments, establishing a valuation allowance on future use of deferred
tax assets, calculating a valuation for stock option liability and calculating stock-based compensation. 

27 

Property Concessions 

Property concession acquisition costs are capitalized
when incurred and will be amortized using the units of production method following the commencement of production. If a property concession
is subsequently abandoned or impaired, any capitalized costs will be expensed in the period of abandonment or impairment. To date, no
property concessions have reached the production stage. 

Acquisition costs include cash consideration
and the fair market value of shares issued on the acquisition of property concessions. 

Exploration Costs 

Exploration costs incurred are expensed to
the date of establishing that costs incurred are economically recoverable. Exploration expenditures incurred subsequent to the establishment
of economic recoverability are capitalized and included in the carrying amount of the related property. To date, the Company has not established
the economic recoverability of its exploration prospects; therefore, all exploration costs are being expensed. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company reviews and evaluates its long-lived
assets for impairment when events and changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts of its assets may not be recoverable.
Impairment is considered to exist if the future cash flows on an undiscounted basis are less than the carrying amount of the long-lived
asset. An impairment loss is measured and recorded based on the difference between book value and fair value of the asset group. In estimating
future cash flows, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there is identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of cash
flows from other asset groups. In estimating future cash flows, the Company estimates the price that would be received to sell an asset
group in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Significant factors that impact this price include
the price of silver and zinc, and general market conditions for exploration companies, among other factors. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill is the purchase
premium after adjusting for the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level at least
annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. Goodwill impairment tests
require judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment
of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. Annual goodwill impairment testing is performed
on April 30 th of each fiscal year. 

Income Taxes 

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 was signed
into law on December 22, 2017. The law includes significant changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system, including a federal
corporate rate reduction from 35 to 21 , limitations on the deductibility of interest expense and executive compensation, and the transition
of U.S. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system. The law did not have a material impact on the
Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows and disclosures. 

The asset and liability method of accounting
for income taxes is followed. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences
between the tax basis and accounting basis of the assets and liabilities measured using tax rates enacted at the balance sheet date. The
tax benefit from uncertain tax positions is recognized only if it is at least more likely than not that the tax position
will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized
in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being
realized upon settlement with the taxing authorities. This accounting standard also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods and disclosure. 

A valuation allowance is recorded against deferred
tax assets if management does not believe that the Company has met the more likely than not standard imposed by this guidance
to allow recognition of such an asset. Management recorded a full valuation allowance at October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021
against the deferred tax assets as it determined that future realization would not meet the more likely than not criteria. 

28 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Black-Scholes
pricing model is used as a method for determining the estimated fair value for all stock options awarded to employees, officers, directors
and consultants. The expected term of the options is based upon an evaluation of historical and expected future exercise behavior. The
risk-free interest rate is based on rates published by the government for bonds with a maturity similar to the expected remaining life
of the options at the valuation date. Volatility is determined based upon historical volatility of the Company s stock and adjusted
if future volatility is expected to vary from historical experience. The dividend yield is assumed to be none as Silver Bull has not paid
dividends nor does it anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. The graded vesting attribution method is used to recognize
compensation costs over the requisite service period. 

Cumulative compensation cost associated with
options on subsidiary equity are classified as additional paid-in capital until exercised. 

Foreign Currency Translation 

During the fiscal years ended October 31,
2022 and October 31, 2021, the functional currency of Silver Bull Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries was the U.S. dollar. 

During the fiscal years ended October 31,
2022 and October 31, 2021, Silver Bull s Mexican operations monetary assets and liabilities with foreign source currencies
were translated into U.S. dollars at the period-end exchange rate, and non-monetary assets and liabilities with foreign source currencies
were translated using the historical exchange rate. The Mexican operations revenue and expenses were translated at the average
exchange rate during the period except for depreciation of office and mining equipment, costs of office and mining equipment sold and
impairment of property concessions, all of which are translated using the historical exchange rate. Foreign currency translation gains
and losses of the Mexican operations are included in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Accounting for Loss Contingencies and Legal
Costs 

From time to time, the Company is named as
a defendant in legal actions arising from its normal business activities. An accrual for the estimated loss from a loss contingency is
recorded when information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability has been
incurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Disclosure of a loss contingency
is made by the Company if there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss has been incurred, and either an accrual has not been
made or an exposure to loss exists in excess of the amount accrued. In cases where only disclosure of the loss contingency is required,
either the estimated loss or a range of estimated loss is disclosed or it is stated that an estimate cannot be made. Legal costs incurred
in connection with loss contingencies are considered period costs and accordingly are expensed in the period services are provided. 

Investments 

Investments comprise an approximately nil and
3 interest in Arras at October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Investments are measured at fair value through profit or loss, with
gains or losses from changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Item 7A. Quantitative AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements following the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

29 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of October 31,
2022, the Company has carried out an evaluation under the supervision of, and with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Exchange Act). Based on the evaluation as of October 31, 2022 ,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b) Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, the Company assessed, as of October 31, 2022, the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting.
This assessment was based on criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the Company s assessment using those criteria, management concluded that its
internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022 was effective. 

Internal control over financial reporting is
defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers
and effected by its board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 

 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation
of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and 

 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the internal control system are met. Because
of the inherent limitations of any internal control system, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues, if any, within a company have been detected. 

(c) Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 that
materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

30 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information relating to this item will be included
in an amendment to this report or in the proxy statement for Silver Bull s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated
by reference in this report. 

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that
applies to all directors and employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer,
and those officers performing similar functions. The full text of the Company s Code of Ethics can be found on the Corporate Governance
page of its website at http://www.silverbullresources.com/corporate/corporate-governance/. If the board of directors approves
an amendment to or waiver from any provision of the Code of Ethics, Silver Bull will disclose the required information pertaining to such
amendment or waiver on its website. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information relating to this item will be included
in an amendment to this report or in the proxy statement for Silver Bull s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated
by reference in this report. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF Certain BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information relating to this item will be included
in an amendment to this report or in the proxy statement for Silver Bull s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated
by reference in this report. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information relating to this item will be included
in an amendment to this report or in the proxy statement for Silver Bull s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated
by reference in this report. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUN Ting FEES AND SERVICES 

Information relating to this item will be included
in an amendment to this report or in the proxy statement for Silver Bull s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated
by reference in this report. 

31 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Financial Statements and Financial Statement
Schedules 

See Index to Consolidated financial
statements on page F-1. 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Date Exhibit Filed/ Furnished Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Silver Bull Resources, Inc. 8-K 04/21/2021 3.1 3.2 Bylaws 10-K 01/14/2011 3.1.2 4.1 Description of Capital Stock 10-Q 03/16/2022 4.1 4.2 Form of Silver Bull Resources, Inc. Warrant Certificate 8-K 11/02/2020 10.2 10.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2021, by and between Silver Bull Resources, Inc. and Arras Minerals Corp. 8-K 09/03/2021 10.1 10.2+ Silver Bull Resources, Inc. 2019 Stock Option and Stock Bonus Plan 10-Q 06/14/2019 10.2 10.3+ Silver Bull Resources, Inc. Management Retention Bonus Plan, dated April 15, 2021 10-Q 06/11/2021 10.1 10.4+ Consulting Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2022, by and between Silver Bull Resources, Inc. and Timothy Barry 8-K 02/17/2022 10.1 10.5+ Consulting Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2022, by and between Silver Bull Resources, Inc. and Westcott Management Ltd. 8-K 02/17/2022 10.2 10.6+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2022, by and among Silver Bull Resources, Inc., Arras Minerals Corp. and Christopher Richards 8-K 02/17/2022 10.3 10.7+ Amendment to Silver Bull Resources, Inc. Management Retention Bonus Plan, dated as of February 17, 2022 8-K 02/17/2022 10.4 10.8+ Amended to Amendment to the Silver Bull Resources, Inc. 2019 Stock Option and Stock Bonus Plan 8-K 04/20/2022 10.1 10.9+ Form of Indemnification Agreement (Directors and Officers) 10-K 01/13/2020 10.10 14.1 Code of Ethics 8-K 11/07/2019 14.1 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant X 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Smythe LLP; Vancouver, Canada; PCAOB ID# X 23.2 Consent of Archer, Cathro Associates (1981) Limited X 
 
 23.3 Consent of Timothy Barry X 

32 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 Date 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filed/ Furnished Herewith 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

XX 

32.2 
 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

XX 

96.1 
 
 Technical Report Summary 

X 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 

XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

X Filed herewith 

XX Furnished herewith 

+ Indicates a management contract or compensatory
plan, contract or arrangement. 

Filed herewith under Items 1 and 2
 Business and Properties. 

The following financial information from
Silver Bull Resources, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL
(Extensible Business Reporting Language): Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders Equity, Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

SILVER BULL RESOURCES, INC. 

Date: January 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Timothy Barry 

Timothy Barry, 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: January 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher Richards 

Christopher Richards, 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: January 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Timothy
 Barry 

Timothy Barry, 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date: January 26, 2023 
 
 /s/ Brian Edgar 

Brian Edgar, 

Director 

Date: January 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel Kunz 

Daniel Kunz, 

Director 

Date: January 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David Underwood 

David Underwood, 

Director 

34 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SILVER BULL RESOURCES, INC. 

(An Exploration Stage Company) 

PAGE NO. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-8 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-10 F-26 

[The balance of this page has been intentionally left
blank.] 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Silver
Bull Resources, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Silver Bull Resources, Inc. (an exploration stage company) (the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, cash flows, and stockholders equity for the years
then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with 

accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has limited cash and cash equivalents at October 31, 2022. These circumstances raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters communicated below are
 matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be
 communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
 statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
 matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
 communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or
 disclosures to which they relate. 

We have determined that there are no critical audit
matters to communicate in our auditors report. 

/s/ Smythe LLP 

, Chartered Professional Accountants 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2016. 

January 26, 2023 

F- 3 

SILVER BULL
RESOURCES, INC. 

(AN EXPLORATION
STAGE COMPANY) 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

October 31, 2022 
 October 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Value-added tax receivable, net of allowance for uncollectible taxes of (Note 5) 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Due from related party (Note
4) 

Investments (Note 6) 

Total Current Assets 

Value-added
tax receivable, net of allowance for uncollectible taxes of (Note 5) 

Office and mining equipment, net (Note 7) 

Property concessions (Note 8) 

Goodwill (Note 9) 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and expenses 

Income tax payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Loan payable (Note 10) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 16) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Notes 3, 11, 12 and 13) 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Other comprehensive income 

Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SILVER BULL
RESOURCES, INC. 

(AN EXPLORATION
STAGE COMPANY) 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Years
 Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES 

EXPLORATION AND PROPERTY HOLDING COSTS 

Exploration and property holding costs (Note 12) 

Depreciation (Note 7) 

Goodwill impairment (Note 9) 

TOTAL EXPLORATION AND PROPERTY HOLDING COSTS 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

Personnel (Note 12) 

Office and administrative 

Professional services 

Directors fees (Note 12) 

Provision for uncollectible value-added taxes (Note 5) 

TOTAL GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME 

Interest income 

Foreign currency transaction (loss) gain 

Gain on investment (Note 6) 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Note 14) 

NET AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

NET AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO 

Common shareholders 

Non-controlling interests (Note 6) 

BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE

BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SILVER BULL RESOURCES, INC. 

(AN EXPLORATION STAGE COMPANY) 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years
 Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: 

Depreciation (Note 7) 

Goodwill impairment (Note 9) 

Provision for uncollectible value-added taxes (Note 5) 

Foreign currency transaction loss 

Stock options issued for compensation (Note 12) 

Shares of common stock issued for services (Note 11) 

Realized share of net gain of subsidiary (Note 6) 

Unrealized share of net gain of subsidiary (Note 6) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Value-added tax receivable 

Income tax receivables 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Due from related party (Note 4) 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and expenses 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of investments, net of costs (Note 6) 

Purchase of equipment 

Loan receivable 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary (Note 6) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Property concessions funding (Note 3) 

Proceeds from loan financing (Note 10) 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of offering costs (Note 11) 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares of subsidiary, net of offering costs (Note 6) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SILVER BULL RESOURCES, INC. 

(AN EXPLORATION STAGE COMPANY) 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 

Years
 Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES: 

Income taxes paid 

Interest paid 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Offering
 costs included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

SILVER BULL
RESOURCES, INC. 

(AN EXPLORATION
STAGE COMPANY) 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 

Number
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Other
 Comprehensive
 Income 
 Total
 Equity 

Balance, October 31, 2021 

Earn-in option agreement (Note 3) 

Issuance of common stock as follows: 

-for compensation at per share (Note 11) 

Stock option activity as follows: 

- Stock-based compensation for options issued to directors, officers, employees and advisors (Note 12) 

Net loss for the year ended October 31, 2022 

Balance, October 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

SILVER BULL
RESOURCES, INC. 

(AN EXPLORATION
STAGE COMPANY) 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

Common
 Stock 

Number
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-in
 Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Other
 Comprehensive
 Income 
 Non-Controlling
 Interests 
 Total
 Equity 

Balance, October 31, 2020 

Earn-in option agreement (Note 3) 

Issuance of common stock as follows: 

- for cash at a price of per share with attached warrants, less offering costs of (Note 11) 

- for cash at a price of Canadian Dollar CDN per share, less offering costs of (Note 11) 

- for cashless exercise of options (Note 12) 

Changes in interests in subsidiary 

Stock option activity as follows: 

- Stock-based compensation for options issued to directors, officers, employees and advisors (Note 12) 

Deconsolidation of subsidiary (Note 6) 

Net loss for the year ended October 31, 2021 

Balance, October 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

interest in the Beskauga
property located in Kazakhstan (the Beskauga Property ), which consists of the Beskauga Main project (the Beskauga
Main Project and the Beskauga South project (the Beskauga South Project, and together the Beskauga Main Project,
the Beskauga Project ). After the completion of due diligence, the transaction contemplated by the Beskauga Option Agreement
closed on January 26, 2021. 

common shares of Arras. On September 24, 2021, the Company distributed to its
shareholders one Arras common share for each Silver Bull share held by such shareholders, or 34,547 ,838
Arras shares in total. Upon completion of the distribution, the Company retained Arras common shares, or approximately of
the outstanding Arras common shares, as a strategic investment (Note 5), and Arras became a stand-alone company. The Company has included
the financial results of Arras in its consolidated statement of operations for the period from February 5, 2021 to September 24, 2021,
the date of the distribution. 

. Accordingly, the Company has not generated cash flows from operations, and since inception the Company has relied primarily upon proceeds from private placements and registered direct offerings of the Company s equity securities and warrant exercises as the primary sources of financing to fund the Company s operations. As of October 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of . Based on the Company s limited cash and cash equivalents, and history of losses, there is substantial doubt as to whether the Company s existing cash resources are sufficient to enable the Company to continue its operations for the next 12 months as a going concern. Management plans to pursue possible financing and strategic options including, but not limited to, obtaining additional equity financing. Management has successfully pursued these options previously and believes that they alleviate the substantial doubt that the Company can continue its operations for the next 12 months as a going concern. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in pursuing these plans. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis and do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary in the event the Company can no longer continue as a going concern. Such adjustments could be material. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

to 

years 

to years 

to 

during the year
ended October 31, 2022. 

likelihood
of being realized upon settlement with the taxing authorities. This accounting standard also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods and disclosure. 

shares and shares outstanding at October 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively, they were not included in the calculation of loss per share because they would have been considered anti-dilutive. 

translation gains
and losses of the Company s Mexican operations are included in the consolidated statement of operations. 

interest in Arras at October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s investments are measured at fair value through
profit or loss, with gains or losses from changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. 

F- 13 

of the shares of Minera Metalin and Contratistas (the South32 Option ). 

million
by the end of Year 1, million by the end of Year 2, million by the end of Year 3 and million by the end of Year 4
(the Initial Funding ). Funding was made on a quarterly basis based on the subsequent quarter s exploration budget.
South32 was able to exercise the South32 Option by contributing million to Minera Metalin (the Subscription Payment ),
less the amount of Initial Funding previously contributed by South32. The issuance of shares upon notice of exercise of the South32 Option
by South32 was subject to antitrust approval by the Mexican government. If the full amount of the Subscription Payment had been advanced
by South32 and the South32 Option became exercisable and was exercised, the Company and South32 would have been obligated to contribute
funding to Minera Metalin on a 30/70 pro rata basis. If South32 elected not to continue with the South32 Option during the four-year option
period, the Sierra Mojada Project would remain owned by the Company. The exploration program was initially managed by the Company,
with South32 being able to approve the exploration program funded by it. The Company received funding of from South32 for Year 1
of the South32 Option Agreement. In April 2019, the Company received a notice from South32 to maintain the South32 Option Agreement for
Year 2 by providing cumulative funding of million by the end of such period. The Company received funding of , which
included payments of , and received during the years ended October 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, from
South32 for Year 2 of the South32 Option Agreement, the time period for which was extended by the event of force majeure as described
above. During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company received a payment from South32 in the amount of as reimbursement
for costs incurred during the force majeure period. As of October 31, 2022, the Company had received cumulative funding of 
under the South32 Option Agreement. If the South32 Option Agreement was terminated by South32 without cause or if South32 was unable to
obtain antitrust authorization from the Mexican government, the Company would be under no obligation to reimburse South32 for amounts
contributed under the South32 Option Agreement. 

F- 14 

to the Company
as a final payment for the exploration costs occurred by the Company during the blockade and released South32 from all claims as the
date of termination. 

due from Arras for shared employees salaries and office expenses. This amount is non-interest bearing and to be repaid on demand. 

(2021 - will be received
and believes that it remains legally entitled to be refunded the full amount of the VAT receivable and intends to rigorously continue
its VAT recovery efforts, this being supported by the Company s July 2022 receipt of its claim for the month of October 2017 in
the full amount of filed, with back interest and inflation adjustment amounts additionally being received (total of Mexican Peso MXN ). While the Company continues
to pursue recovery from the Mexican government, the Company reclassified the carrying value of the receivable to non-current assets as
of October 31, 2022 based on the continued failure to recover the VAT receivable and a recent preliminary unfavorable ruling from the
Mexican tax authority, which the Company is in the process of challenging. The allowance for uncollectible VAT was estimated by management
based upon a number of factors, including the length of time the returns have been outstanding, responses received from tax authorities,
general economic conditions in Mexico and estimated net recovery after commissions. 

Provision for uncollectible VAT 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Allowance for uncollectible VAT October 31, 2021 

Provision for uncollectible VAT 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Allowance for uncollectible
 VAT October 31, 2022 

interest in the Beskauga property located in Kazakhstan. On March 19, 2021, the Company transferred its interest
in the Beskauga Option Agreement to its subsidiary, Arras. 

Arras shares, or approximately 
of the outstanding Arras common shares, as a strategic investment. 

F- 15 

Other receivables 

Loan receivable 

Property concessions 

Office and mining equipment, net 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and expenses 

Net assets September 24, 2021 

as of October 31, 2021. 

common shares of Arras at a price of CDN per share for proceeds of CDN ). 

common shares of Arras at a price of CDN per share for gross proceeds of CDN and incurred broker costs
of in relation to the sale. 

Gain on investment 

Equity security October 31, 2021 

Sale of investment, net of costs 

Gain on investment 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Equity security October 31, 2022 

common shares at a purchase price of CDN per share for
gross proceeds of CDN ). No placement agent or finder s fees were paid in connection with the Arras Private
Placement. Arras incurred other offering costs associated with the Arras Private Placement of . 

of Arras issued and outstanding common shares. Mainly
due to this impact, the Company recorded a non-controlling interest for the dilution gain from changes in interest in subsidiary of .
There were no changes in the number of Arras common shares held by the Company. 

Arras common shares, or approximately of the outstanding Arras common
shares, as a strategic investment, and Arras became a stand-alone company. The Company ceased consolidating the consolidated financial
statements of Arras effective September 24, 2021, as the Company determined that it no longer exercised control over Arras. Accordingly,
the Company s retained interest in Arras is accounted for using the fair value method. On September 24, 2021, the Company derecognized
the net assets of Arras, and the non-controlling interest related to Arras. 

of the outstanding Arras shares, reduced from the distribution date due to Arras completing
an equity financing. 

F- 16 

Loss for the period 

Distribution of interest in Arras 

Non-controlling interests October 31, 2021 

Vehicles 

Buildings and structures 

Computer equipment and software 

Well equipment 

Office equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Office and mining equipment, net 

during the year ended October 31, 2022. 

Impairment 

Goodwill October 31, 2022 

CDN in the form of a Canada Emergency Business Account CEBA loan. CEBA is part of the economic assistance program
launched by the Government of Canada to ensure that businesses have access to capital during the COVID-19 pandemic that can only be used
to pay non-deferrable operating expenses. During the period from receipt of the CEBA loan to (the Initial Term ),
no interest will be charged on the principal amount outstanding. If at least CDN is repaid on or before the end of the Initial
Term, the remaining CDN of principal will be forgiven pursuant to the terms of the CEBA loan. During the period from to (the Extended Term ), if any portion of the loan remains outstanding, interest will be payable
monthly at a rate of per annum on the outstanding principal balance. 

F- 17 

CDN CEBA loan. Fifty percent of the additional loan is forgivable if repaid by . The loan accrues no interest before the end of the Initial Term, and thereafter converts to a three-year term loan with a annual
interest rate. Any portion of the loan is repayable without penalty at any time prior to . The total CEBA loan amount
stands at CDN with CDN forgivable if repaid by December 31, 2022. In January 2022, the repayment deadline for CEBA loan
to qualify for loan forgiveness had been extended to . 

Loan payable received January 2021 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Loan payable October 31, 2021 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Loan payable October 31, 2022 

shares of common stock at an average of per share of common stock as payment of accrued management
bonuses in the amount of CDN162, based
on the closing trading price on the date of Board s approval. 

to . 

shares of common stock were exercised on a cashless basis, whereby the recipients elected to receive shares without payment of
the cash exercise price, and the remaining options for shares were cancelled. 

shares of common stock for gross proceeds of CDN). No placement agent or finder s fees were paid in connection with the 2021 Silver Bull Private Placement. The Company incurred
other offering costs associated with the 2021 Silver Bull Private Placement of . 

shares of common stock were exercised on a cashless basis, whereby the recipient elected to receive shares without payment of
the cash exercise price, and the remaining options for shares were cancelled. 

shares of common stock were exercised on a cashless basis, whereby the recipients elected to receive shares without payment of
the cash exercise price, and the remaining options for shares were cancelled. 

units (each, a
 Unit at a purchase price of per Unit for gross proceeds of . Each Warrant
entitles the holder thereof to acquire one share of common stock and one common share of Arras as per the terms of the Separation and
Distribution agreement between Silver Bull and Arras completed in conjunction with the Distribution, at a price of until November
9, 2025. The Company incurred other offering costs associated with the second and final tranche of the 2020 Silver Bull Private Placement
of . Subscribers of the second and final tranche of the 2020 Silver Bull Private Placement included management for a total 
Units and gross proceeds of . 

F- 18 

of the total shares outstanding are reserved for issuance upon the exercise of options or the grant of stock bonuses, to
a maximum of shares. 

or and have a contractual term of . 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term (in years) 

shares of common stock with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of per share and an exercise price of
 CDN 0.32 per share. 

shares of common stock were exercised on a cashless basis at an average exercise price of CDN 1.03 per share. shares of common stock were issued and options were cancelled. The options had an intrinsic value of 224,756 at the time of exercise. 

shares of common stock were exercised on a cashless basis at an average exercise price of CDN per share. shares of common stock were issued and options were cancelled. The options had an intrinsic value of at the time of exercise. 

shares of common stock were exercised on a cashless basis at an average exercise price of CDN per share. shares of common stock were issued and options were cancelled. The options had an intrinsic value of at the time of exercise. 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Expired 

Outstanding at October 31, 2021 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Outstanding at October 31, 2022 

Exercisable at October 31, 2022 

and nil for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of October 31,
2022, there remains of total unrecognized compensation expense, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of years. 

common shares with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of
 per share and an exercise price of CDN 0. per share. 

for the period from inception on February 5, 2021 to September 24, 2021. 

F- 19 

was recognized as personnel costs for options granted to employees, share-based compensation of was recognized as
directors fees for options granted to directors and share-based compensation of was recognized as exploration and property
holding costs for options granted to employees and advisors. 

Issued in the initial tranche of the 2020 Silver Bull Private Placement (Note 11) 

Outstanding and exercisable at October 31, 2021 

Outstanding and exercisable at October 31, 2022 

warrants with a weighted average exercise price of are exercisable into one share of common stock of the Company and one common
share of Arras. The Company will receive of the proceeds from the exercise of each of these warrants and the remaining proceeds
will be paid to Arras. 

warrants with an exercise price of in connection with the 2020 Silver Bull Private Placement. 

F- 20 

for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

Deferred tax expense 

(2021 - related to a provision for income
taxes for the Silver Bull Canadian branch return for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. 

F- 21 

Differences arising from: 

Other permanent differences 

Differences due to foreign income tax rates 

Adjustment to prior year taxes 

Inflation adjustment foreign net operating loss 

Foreign currency fluctuations 

Decrease in valuation allowance 

Net operating loss carry forwards deconsolidation - Canada 

Net operating loss carry forwards expiration - Mexico 

Net income tax provision 

Net operating loss carry forwards Mexico 

Exploration costs 

Other United States 

Other Mexico 

Total net deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

million that expire in the years 2028 through 2037 and 
million which will be carried forward indefinitely. The Company has approximately million of net operating loss carry-forwards in
Mexico that expire in the calendar years 2022 through 2031. 

and million at October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, relates principally to the uncertainty of the utilization
of certain deferred tax assets, primarily net operating loss carry forwards in various tax jurisdictions. The Company continually assesses
both positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets can be realized prior
to their expiration. Based on the Company s assessment, it has determined that the deferred tax assets are not currently realizable. 

F- 23 

and , respectively, which was not insured by the CDIC. The Company has not experienced any losses
on such accounts and management believes that using major financial institutions with high credit ratings mitigates the credit risk in
cash and cash equivalents. 

and , respectively. 

. 

(2021 - of cash and cash equivalents to settle current liabilities of (2021 - ). All payables classified as
current liabilities are due within one year. 

net smelter return royalty on certain property concessions within the Sierra Mojada Property based on the revenue
generated from production. Total payments under this royalty are limited to million (the Royalty ). To date, no royalties
have been paid. 

F- 24 

per annum since
August 30, 2004, even though no revenue has been produced from the applicable mining concessions. It also sought payment of wages
to the cooperative s members since August 30, 2004, even though none of the individuals were hired or performed work for Minera
Metalin under this agreement and Minera Metalin did not commit to hiring them. On January 19, 2015, the case was moved to the Third
District Court (of federal jurisdiction). On October 4, 2017, the court ruled that Mineros Norte os was time barred from bringing
the case. On October 19, 2017, Mineros Norte os appealed this ruling. On July 31, 2019, the Federal Appeals Court upheld
the original ruling. This ruling was subsequently challenged by Mineros Norte os and on January 24, 2020, the Federal Circuit
Court ruled that the Federal Appeals Court must consider additional factors in its ruling. In March 2020, the Federal Appeals Court upheld
the original ruling after considering these additional factors. In August 2020, Mineros Norte os appealed this ruling, which appeal
the Company timely responded and objected to on October 5, 2020. On March 26, 2021, the Federal Circuit Court issued a final and
conclusive resolution, affirming the Federal Appeals Court decision. Despite the judgments in favour of the Company, Mineros Norte os
has continued to block access to the facilities at Sierra Mojada since September 2019. The Company has filed criminal complaints
with the State of Coahuila, federal and state authorities have been contacted to intervene and terminate the blockade, and the Company
has attempted to negotiate with Mineros Norte os, without resolution to date. The Company has not accrued any amounts in its consolidated
financial statements with respect to this claim. 

million for the alleged breach of the agreement. On April 28, 2016, Minera Metalin filed its response to the complaint, asserting various
defenses, including that Minera Metalin terminated the agreement before the payment obligations arose and that certain conditions precedent
to such payment obligations were never satisfied by Valdez. The Company and the Company s Mexican legal counsel asserted all applicable
defenses. In May 2017, a final judgment was entered finding for the Company, the defendant, acquitting the Company of all of the plaintiff s
claims and demands. However, due to a technicality in an early procedural act, Valdez was allowed to, and did, challenge the judgment
before a local Appeals Court. On October 1, 2020, the Appeals Court entered a resolution overturning the previous judgment and entering
a resolution in favor of Valdez in the amount of million, plus court costs. In November 2020, the judgment of the Appeals Court was
timely challenged by the Company by means of an Amparo lawsuit (Constitutional protection) before a Federal Circuit Court.
In June 2021, the Federal Circuit Court ruled in favour of the plaintiff. The Company believes these judgments are contrary to applicable
law. The plaintiff initiated proceedings to enforce the Appeals Court resolution, and the Company has offered a mining concession as a
payment in full to terminate this controversy definitively. The Company believes the likelihood of the plaintiff succeeding in collecting
any amount on this claim is remote, as such the Company has not accrued any amounts in its consolidated financial statements with respect
to this claim. 

F- 25 

Kazakhstan 

Canada 

Net Loss 

Value-added tax receivable, net 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Due from related party 

Office and mining equipment, net 

Property concessions 

Value-added tax receivable, net 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Investments 

Office and mining equipment, net 

Property concessions 

Goodwill 

Kazakhstan 

F- 26 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21x1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant 

 Silver Bull Resources,
Inc. (the Company currently conduct its operations through subsidiaries. The names and ownership structure of its subsidiaries
as of October 31, 2022 are set forth in the chart below: 

Name 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 
 Ownership Percentage 
 
 Metalline, Inc. Metalline 
 Colorado, USA 
 100 by Silver Bull 
 
 Minera Metalin S.A. de C.V. Minera Metalin 
 Mexico 
 99.998 by Silver Bull and 0.002 by Metalline 
 
 Minas de Coahuila SBR S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 99.998 by Silver Bull and 0.002 by Metalline 
 
 Dome Ventures Corporation Dome 
 Delaware, USA 
 100 by Silver Bull 
 
 Dome Asia Inc. 
 British Virgin Islands 
 100 by Dome 
 
 Dome Minerals Nigeria Limited 
 Nigeria 
 99.99 by Dome Asia Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23x1.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-214228, 333-221459, 333-227465, and 333-251229), as
amended, and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-171723, 333-180142, 333-214229, 333-221460, and 333-232627) of Silver Bull Resources,
Inc. of our report dated January 26, 2023 relating to the audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2022. 

/s/ Smythe LLP 

 Smythe LLP 

 Chartered Professional Accountants 

Vancouver, Canada 

 January 26, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex23x2.htm
 CONSENT OF ARCHER, CATHRO ASSOCIATES (1981) LIMITED

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT
OF ARCHER, CATHRO ASSOCIATES (1981) lIMITED 

We, Archer, Cathro Associates
(1981) Limited, hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of any mineral resources and other analyses performed by us in our capacity
as an independent consultant to Silver Bull Resources, Inc. (the Company ), which are set forth in the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), in the Company s Registration Statements
on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-214228, 333-221459, 333-227465, and 333-251229), as amended, and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-171723,
333-180142, 333-214229, 333-221460, and 333-232627), or in any prospectuses or amendments or supplements thereto. We also consent to the
reference to us under the heading Experts in such Registration Statements and any related amendments or prospectuses. 

In connection with the Company s
Form 10-K, we also consent to: 

the
 filing and use of the technical report summary titled S-K 1300 Summary Technical Report
 on the Resources of the Silver-Zinc Sierra Mojada Project Coahuila, Mexico (the Technical
 Report Summary ), dated January 24, 2023, as an exhibit to and referenced in the
 Form 10-K or any amendment or supplement thereto; 

the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert
or qualified person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission),
in connection with the Form 10-K or any amendment or supplement thereto and any such Technical Report Summary; and 

the information derived, summarized, quoted or referenced from the Technical
Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of and/or that was reviewed and approved
by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K or any amendment or supplement thereto. 

We are a qualified person responsible
for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the following sections of the Technical Report Summary: 

Sections 1 - 3, 9, 11 and 22 

ARCHER, CATHRO ASSOCIATES (1981) LIMITED 
 
 Date: January 26, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Matthew Dumala 

Name: Matthew Dumala,
 P.Eng. 

Title: Partner and Senior Engineer 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 5
 ex23x3.htm
 CONSENT

Exhibit 23.3 

CONSENT
OF TIMOTHY BARRY 

 I, Timothy Barry, in connection
with Silver Bull Resources, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated January 26, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), consent to: 

the
 filing and use of the technical report summary titled S-K 1300 Summary Technical Report
 on the Resources of the Silver-Zinc Sierra Mojada Project Coahuila, Mexico (the Technical
 Report Summary ), dated January 24, 2023, as an exhibit to and referenced in the
 Form 10-K or any amendment or supplement thereto; 

the
 use of and references to my name, including my status as an expert or qualified person 
 (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
 Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K or any amendment or supplement thereto
 and any such Technical Report Summary; and 

the
 information derived, summarized, quoted or referenced from the Technical Report Summary,
 or portions thereof, that was prepared by me, that I supervised the preparation of and/or
 that was reviewed and approved by me, that is included or incorporated by reference in the
 Form 10-K or any amendment or supplement thereto. 

I am a qualified person responsible
for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the following sections of the Technical Report Summary: 

Sections 1 - 8, 10 and 20 - 22 

Date: January 26,
 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Timothy Barry 

Name: Timothy Barry, MAusIMM
 (CP) 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31x1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification
of CEO Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13 a -14 and 15 d -14, 
as adopted pursuant to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Timothy Barry, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Silver Bull Resources,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: January 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Timothy Barry 

Timothy Barry, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31x2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification
of CFO Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13 a -14 and 15 d -14, 
as adopted pursuant to 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Christopher Richards, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Silver Bull Resources,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: January 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher Richards 

Christopher Richards, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32x1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code), the undersigned officer of Silver Bull Resources,
Inc. (the Company does hereby certify with respect to the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the period
ended October 31, 2022 (the Report that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: January 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Timothy Barry 

Timothy Barry, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code).
It shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. Section 78r) or otherwise
subject to the liability of that section. It shall also not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it
by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32x2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code), the undersigned officer of Silver Bull Resources,
Inc. (the Company does hereby certify with respect to the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the period
ended October 31, 2022 (the Report that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: January 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher Richards 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code).
It shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. Section 78r) or otherwise
subject to the liability of that section. It shall also not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it
by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-96.1>
 10
 ex96x1.htm
 TECHNICAL REPORT SUMMARY

Exhibit 96.1 

S-K1300
SUMMARY TECHNICAL REPORT on the RESOURCES of the SILVER-ZINC SIERRA MOJADA PROJECT COAHUILA, MEXICO 

 NAD
27 Zone 13 Mexico 

 Latitude
27 24 North and Longitude 103 43 West (Centre of Project) 

Report Date:
January 24, 2023 

 Effective Date:
January 24, 2023 

Prepared for: 

Silver Bull Resources Inc. 

 Suite 1610,
777 Dunsmuir Street, 

 Vancouver,
BC, Canada 

 V7Y
1K4 

 Ph: (604) 687-5800 

Prepared by 

 Mr. Timothy Barry, MAusIMM (CP)., Silver
Bull Resources Inc. 

 Archer,
Cathro Associates (1981) Limited 

Contents 

1 Executive Summary 
 11 
 
 1.1 INTRODUCTION 
 11 
 
 1.2 PROPERTY DESCRIPTION 
 12 
 
 1.3 ACCESSIBILITY, CLIMATE, LOCAL RESOURCES, INFRASTRUCTURE AND PHYSIOGRAPHY 
 12 
 
 1.4 HISTORY 
 13 
 
 1.5 GEOLOGY AND MINERALIZATION 
 14 
 
 1.6 EXPLORATION STATUS 
 15 
 
 1.7 SAMPLE PREPARATION, ANALYSES, SECURITY AND DATA VERIFICATION 
 15 
 
 1.8 METALLURGICAL TESTING 
 16 
 
 1.9 MINERAL RESOURCES 
 17 
 
 1.9.1 MINERAL RESOURCE 
 17 
 
 1.9.2 MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE 
 17 
 
 1.9.3 ZINC AND SILVER ZONES WITHIN THE GLOBAL RESOURCE 
 18 
 
 1.10 INTERPRETATIONS, CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS 
 21 
 
 1.11 OTHER RELEVANT DATA AND INFORMATION 
 21 
 
 2 IntroDUCtion 
 23 
 
 2.1 TERMS OF REFERENCE 
 23 
 
 2.2 SCOPE OF WORK 
 23 
 
 2.3 STATEMENT OF INDEPENDENCE 
 23 
 
 2.4 SITE VISIT 
 24 
 
 2.5 UNITS AND CURRENCY 
 24 
 
 2.6 SOURCES OF INFORMATION 
 24 
 
 2.7 UNITS OF MEASURE, CALCULATIONS ABBREVIATIONS 
 25 
 
 2.8 RELIANCE ON OTHER EXPERTS 
 27 
 
 3 PROPERTY DESCRIPTION AND LOCATION 
 28 
 
 3.1 LOCATION 
 28 

3.2 MINERAL CONCESSIONS 
 29 

3.3 SURFACE AND PRIVATE PROPERTY RIGHTS 
 31 
 
 3.4 ROYALTIES 
 32 
 
 3.5 SECURITY 
 32 
 
 3.6 SIGNIFICANT ISSUES 
 33 
 
 4 ACCESSIBILTY, CLIMATE, LOCAL RESOURCES, INFRASTRUCTURE AND PHYSIOGRAPHY 
 34 
 
 4.1 LOCAL RESOURCES 
 35 
 
 4.2 INFRASTRUCTURE 
 36 
 
 5 HISTORY 
 38 
 
 5.1 PAST PRODUCTION 
 40 
 
 5.2 HISTORICAL RESOURCE ESTIMATES 
 43 

2 

6 GEOLOGICAL SETTING, MINERALIZATION AND DEPOSIT 
 45 
 
 6.1 REGIONAL GEOLOGY 
 45 
 
 6.1.1 Coahuila Terrain 
 45 
 
 6.1.2 Sabinas Basin 
 48 
 
 6.1.3 Regional Structure 
 48 
 
 6.2 PROPERTY GEOLOGY 
 50 
 
 6.2.1 Sierra Mojada Stratigraphy 
 50 
 
 6.2.2 Allochthonous Stratigraphy 
 52 
 
 6.2.2.1 San Marcos Formation 
 52 
 
 6.2.2.2 La Mula Formation 
 53 
 
 6.2.2.3 Cupido Formation 
 53 
 
 6.2.2.4 Upper Conglomerate 
 53 
 
 6.2.2.5 Limestone Megabreccia 
 54 
 
 6.2.3 Autocthonous Stratigraphy 
 55 
 
 6.2.3.1 Coahuila Basement Complex 
 55 
 
 6.2.3.2 La Casita Formation 
 55 
 
 6.2.3.3 Cupido Formation 
 55 
 
 6.2.3.4 La Pe a Formation 
 55 
 
 6.2.3.5 Aurora Formation 
 55 
 
 6.3 SIERRE MOJADA STRUCTURE 
 56 
 
 6.3.1 San Marcos Fault 
 56 
 
 6.3.2 North East Structures 
 57 
 
 6.3.3 North-South Structures 
 57 
 
 6.4 HYDROTHERMAL SUPERGENE ALTERATION 
 65 
 
 6.4.1 Diagentic Dolomite 
 65 
 
 6.4.2 Epigenetic Dolomite 
 65 
 
 6.4.3 Silicification 
 65 
 
 6.4.4 Sericitization 
 66 
 
 6.4.5 Carbonate Alteration 
 66 
 
 6.4.6 Argillic Alteration 
 67 
 
 6.4.7 Ferruginous Breccia 
 67 
 
 6.5 MINERALIZATION 
 69 
 
 6.5.1 Shallow Silver Zone (Silver Zone) 
 70 
 
 6.5.2 Base Metal Mineralization (Zinc Zone) 
 70 
 
 6.5.2.1 Lead Zone 
 71 
 
 6.5.2.2 Red Zinc Zone 
 71 
 
 6.5.2.3 White Zinc Zone 
 73 
 
 6.6 DEPOSIT TYPE 
 75 
 
 6.7 SIERRA MOJADA POLYMETALLIC PB-ZN-AG-CU DISTRICT 
 76 
 
 6.8 SULFIDE MINERALIZATION 
 76 
 
 6.9 OXIDE MINERALIZATION 
 78 

3 

7 EXPLORATION AND DRILLING 
 80 
 
 7.1 HISTORICAL 
 80 
 
 7.2 NATURAL CONDITIONS 
 80 
 
 7.3 SILVER BULL EXPLORATION 2011-2017 
 81 
 
 7.3.1 Regional and Prospect Evaluation 
 81 
 
 7.4 SOUTH32 JOINT VENTURE 2018-2019 
 82 
 
 7.3.2 Underground Channel Samples 
 86 
 
 7.5 EXPLORATION CONCLUSIONS 
 86 
 
 7.6 DRILLING 
 87 
 
 7.7 HISTORIC DRILLING PRE-1999 
 87 
 
 7.8 METALLINE MINING CORPORATION (MMC) 
 88 
 
 7.8.1 MMC Drilling Campaign of 1999 
 88 
 
 7.8.2 MMC and North Limited Campaign of 2000 
 88 
 
 7.8.3 MMC Underground Drilling Campaign of 2001 
 88 
 
 7.9 MMC AND PE OLES JOINT VENTURE 2002-2003 
 91 
 
 7.9.1 Surface Diamond Core 
 91 
 
 7.9.2 Underground Diamond Core 
 91 
 
 7.9.3 Underground Long Hole 
 91 
 
 7.10 MMC CAMPAIGN OF 2004 TO 2009 
 92 
 
 7.10.1 Surface Diamond Core 
 92 
 
 7.10.2 Underground Diamond Core 
 92 
 
 7.10.3 Surface Reverse Circulation 
 92 
 
 7.10.4 Underground Long Hole 
 93 
 
 7.11 MMC CAMPAIGN OF 2010 
 93 
 
 7.11.1 Surface Diamond Core 
 93 
 
 7.11.2 Surface Reverse Circulation 
 93 
 
 7.12 SILVER BULL CORE DRILLING CAMPAIGNS OF 2011-2013 
 94 
 
 7.12.1 Surface Diamond Core 
 94 
 
 7.12.2 Underground Diamond Core 
 94 
 
 7.13 SULPHIDE DRILLING 2017 
 97 
 
 7.14 SILVER BULL CORE DRILLING AND SAMPLING PROCEDURES 
 98 
 
 7.14.1 Collar and Downhole Surveys 
 98 
 
 7.15 Core Drilling, Handling, and Transportation 
 98 
 
 7.15.1 Core Logging Procedures 
 99 
 
 7.15.2 Core Sampling 
 100 
 
 7.15.3 Data Entry 
 101 
 
 7.15.4 Sampling Security during Core Cutting 
 101 

4 

8 SAMPLE PREPARATION, ANALYSES, AND SECURITY 
 103 
 
 8.1 SAMPLE PREPARATION 
 103 

8.1.1 MMC-SILVER BULL SAMPLE PREPARATION PROCEDURES (2010-PRESENT) 
 104 
 
 8.1.2 MMC SAMPLE PREPARATION PROCEDURES (2007-2010) 
 105 
 
 8.1.3 MMC SAMPLE PREPARATION PROCEDURES (2003-2007) 
 105 
 
 8.1.4 MMC SAMPLE PREPARATION PROCEDURES (PRE-2003) 
 106 
 
 8.2 ANALYSES 
 107 
 
 8.2.2 QUALITY ASSURANCE/QUALITY CONTROL (QA/QC) 
 107 
 
 8.2.2.1 Historical QA/QC Procedures 
 107 
 
 8.2.2.2 Pulp Submissions QA/QC Procedures 
 108 
 
 8.2.2.3 Core Submissions QA/QC Procedures 
 108 
 
 8.2.2.4 Reference Standards 
 108 
 
 8.2.1.5 Blanks Controls 
 111 
 
 8.2.1.6 Duplicate Samples 
 113 
 
 8.2.1.7 Pulp Duplicates 
 113 
 
 8.2.1.8 Field Duplicates 
 113 
 
 8.3 TERMITE HOLE COMPARISION 
 115 
 
 8.3.1 INTRODUCTION 
 115 
 
 8.3.2 METHODOLOGY 
 116 
 
 8.3.3 TWIN HOLE PROGRAM CONCLUSIONS 
 124 
 
 9 DATA VERIFICATION 
 125 
 
 9.1 DOWNHOLE SURVEYS 
 125 
 
 9.2 ASSAY DATA 
 126 
 
 9.3 CHANNEL SAMPLES, COLLARS UNDERGROUND WORKINGS 
 126 
 
 10 MINERAL PROCESSING AND METALLURGICAL TESTING 
 127 
 
 10.1 ORE TYPES 
 127 
 
 10.2 TEST WORK 
 129 
 
 10.2.1 MOUNTAIN STATES R D SILVER RECOVERY TESTS 
 129 
 
 10.2.2 KAPPES CASSIDY AND ASSOCIATES 
 133 
 
 10.2.2.1 Silver Recovery Tests 
 133 
 
 10.2.2.2 The SART circuit and Zinc Recoveries 
 136 
 
 10.2.3 HAZEN TEST WORK TREATMENT OF HIGH GRADE ZINC 
 137 
 
 10.2.4 SGS LAKEFIELD SEPARATION OF RED WHITE ZINC ORES 
 140 

5 

10.2.4.1 White Zinc Test work 
 140 
 
 10.2.4.2 Red Zinc Test work 
 142 
 
 10.3 ORE PROCESSING 
 145 
 
 10.3.1 SILVER ORE PROCESSING 
 145 
 
 10.3.2 ZINC ORE PROCESSING 
 146 
 
 11 MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE 
 148 
 
 11.1 INTRODUCTION 
 148 
 
 11.2 RESOURCE DATA BASE 
 148 
 
 11.2.1 SURFACES AND SOLIDS 
 149 
 
 11.2.2 DATA EVALUATION AND STATISTICAL ANALYSIS 
 153 
 
 11.2.3 CAPPING AND COMPOSITING 
 154 
 
 11.2.4 BULK DENSITY ESTIMATION 
 157 
 
 11.2.5 GEOSTATISTICAL ANALYSIS AND VARIOGRAPHY 
 157 
 
 11.3 BLOCK MODEL DEFINITION 
 158 
 
 11.3.1 GRADE INTERPOLATION 
 158 
 
 11.3.2 MINERAL RESOURCE CLASSIFICATION 
 159 
 
 11.3.3 BLOCK MODEL VALIDATION 
 160 
 
 11.4 MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE 
 163 
 
 11.4.1 FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ESTIMATE 
 167 
 
 12 MINERAL RESERVE ESTIMATES 
 168 
 
 13 MINING METHODS 
 169 
 
 14 PROCESS AND RECOVERY METHODS 
 170 
 
 15 INFRASTRUCTURE 
 171 
 
 16 MARKET STUDIES 
 172 
 
 17 ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES, PERMITTING AND PLANS, NEGOTIATIONS OR AGREEMENTS WITH INDIVIDUALS OR GROUPS 
 173 
 
 18 CAPITAL AND OPERATING COSTS 
 174 

6 

19 ECONOMIC ANALYSIS 
 175 
 
 20 ADJACENT PROPERTIES 
 176 
 
 21 OTHER RELEVANT DATA AND INFORMATION 
 177 
 
 22 INTERPRETATIONS AND CONCLUSIONS 
 178 
 
 22.1 INTERPRETATIONS AND CONCLUSIONS 
 178 
 
 22.2 DEPOSIT MODEL CONCLUSIONS 
 178 
 
 22.3 RESOURCE MODELING CONCLUSIONS 
 189 
 
 23 RECOMMENDATIONS 
 180 
 
 24 REFERENCES 
 181 
 
 25 RELIANCE ON INFORMATION BY THE REGISTRANT 
 184 
 
 26 DATE AND SIGNATURE PAGE 
 185 

List
of Figures 

Figure 1. Property Location Map 
 28 
 
 Figure 2. Sierra Mojada Mining Concession Map (provided by Silver Bull) 
 29 
 
 Figure 3. Mining Concessions in the immediate Sierra Mojada Project Resource Area (Provided by Silver Bull) 
 30 
 
 Figure 4. Surface Rights of Sierra Mojada 
 32 
 
 Figure 5. December 2006 - Snow at Sierra Mojada 
 34 
 
 Figure 6. Typical Landscape of Sierra Mojada Project 
 35 
 
 Figure 7. Local Infrastructure at Sierra Mojada (Silver Bull 2022) 
 37 
 
 Figure 8. Historic Mining at Sierra Mojada 
 38 
 
 Figure 9. Sierra Mojada Historical Lead Smelting Kilns September 2010. These were removed in 2013. 
 42 
 
 Figure 10. Known Historic Mine Shafts 
 43 
 
 Figure 11. Major Tectonic Elements of Northeastern Mexico 
 46 
 
 Figure 12. Cross Sections through the Sabina Basin 
 47 
 
 Figure 13. Time Correlation Diagram of the Sabinas Basin Stratigraphy 
 51 
 
 Figure 14. Stratigraphy on the Sierra Mojada Project by Stockhausen (2012) 
 52 
 
 Figure 15. Ferruginous Breccia 
 54 

7 

Figure 16. Local Geology (Israel 2013-2014) 
 58 
 
 Figure 17. Sierra Mojada Deposit with locations of the cross section for the next 5 figures 
 58 
 
 Figure 18. Cross Section 632250E through the Fronteriza Zone at Sierra Mojada looking East. 
 60 
 
 Figure 19. Cross Section 631500E through the Centenario Zone at Sierra Mojada looking East 
 61 
 
 Figure 20. Cross Section 630300E through the West Zone at Sierra Mojada looking east. 
 62 
 
 Figure 21. Long Section 3016750N through the Fronteriza Zone at Sierra Mojada looking south. 
 63 
 
 Figure 22. Long Section 3017500N through the West Zone at Sierra Mojada looking south. 
 64 
 
 Figure 23. Ferruginous Breccia 
 69 
 
 Figure 24. Typical Specimens of Red Zinc showing Composition Variation 
 71 
 
 Figure 25. Typical Specimens of White Zinc showing Textural Variation. 
 74 
 
 Figure 26. Schematic Drawing through the Western Portion of the Sierra Mojada Mining District. 
 75 
 
 Figure 27. Iron-lead Silicate Mineral Crosscut by fracture filling silver. 
 77 
 
 Figure 28. Development of the Red Zinc and White Zinc Zones. 
 78 
 
 Figure 29. Late Stage Calcite Veins. 
 79 
 
 Figure 30. Drilling 950m east of the main deposit, testing mineralization at depth. 
 83 
 
 Figure 31. Regional exploration drilling locations and results along the Sierra Mojada trend. 
 83 
 
 Figure 32. Regional Exploration Prospects in the immediate Sierra Mojada area. 
 85 
 
 Figure 33. Layout of the 2012-2013 Drilling Program 
 96 
 
 Figure 34. Typical Set-Up of the Termite Drill during the Long Hole Twin Program, 2012-2013 
 101 
 
 Figure 35. Graphical Performance of Standard K1000197 
 110 
 
 Figure 36. Graphical Representation of Standard K10002 
 110 
 
 Figure 37. Graphical Representation of Standard K10003 
 110 
 
 Figure 38. Blank Performance between July 2012 December 2012 
 112 
 
 Figure 39. Silver Coarse Duplicate Assay Results with 20 Confidence Lines 
 114 
 
 Figure 40. Zinc Field Duplicate Comparison 
 115 
 
 Figure 41. Sectional Comparison of Termite Hole LH Assays 
 116 
 
 Figure 42. Comparison of Zinc for LH TH 
 117 
 
 Figure 43. Comparison of Silver in LH versus TH in 5 m Blocks. 
 118 
 
 Figure 44. Comparison of Zinc in LH versus TH for 20x20x10 Blocks 
 118 
 
 Figure 45. Comparison of Estimated LH DH 
 119 
 
 Figure 46. Comparison of LH TH for Estimated Blocks, all Rock Codes 
 120 
 
 Figure 47. Comparison of LH TH for Estimated Blocks, all Rock Codes. 
 120 
 
 Figure 48. Graphical Representation of Downhole Grade Variation for Ag in rock code 10 
 123 
 
 Figure 49. The location of the silver and zinc zones of mineralization 
 128 
 
 Figure 50. Silver metallurgical Sample Locations 
 129 
 
 Figure 51. Location of the Trench Metallurgical Sample Taken in Early 2010. 
 130 
 
 Figure 52. KCA Silver Zone Diagnostic Leach Test on the Shallow Silver and Centenario Zones 
 134 
 
 Figure 53. Shallow Silver Zone Diagnostic Leach Tests Ag Recovery vs. Ag Head Grade 
 134 

8 

Figure 54. White Zinc (Smithsonite) Zn Recovery vs. Concentrate Zn Grade 
 142 
 
 Figure 55. Red Zinc (Hemimorphite) Zn Recovery vs. Concentrate Zn Grade 
 144 
 
 Figure 56. Proposed Process Block Flow Diagram for the silver ore 
 145 
 
 Figure 57. Proposed Zinc Process Block Flow Diagram, Sierra Mojada Project 
 147 
 
 Figure 58. Underground Workings 
 158 
 
 Figure 59. SBR Geologic Interpretation 631600E (+/- 50m window) 
 151 
 
 Figure 60. Section 631600E - Mineral Zone Wireframe 
 151 
 
 Figure 61. Three-dimensional view of the Mineral Zone wireframe 
 152 
 
 Figure 62. Silver Log-Histogram plot 
 154 
 
 Figure 63. Composite Silver Histogram 
 156 
 
 Figure 64. Composite Zinc Histogram 
 156 
 
 Figure 65. Section 631500E Zinc blocks versus Zinc grades. 
 161 
 
 Figure 66. Planview 1355 Elevation Zinc Blocks vs Zinc grades. 
 161 
 
 Figure 67. Silver Grade Tonnage Curve 
 162 
 
 Figure 68. Zinc Grade Tonnage Curve 
 163 

List
of TablES 

Table 1. Global Resource 
 18 
 
 Table 2. Zinc Zone Pit-constrained Mineral Resource Estimate by Zinc Cut-Off 
 19 
 
 Table 3. Silver Zone Pit-constrained Mineral Resource Estimate by Silver Cut-Off 
 20 
 
 Table 4. List of Mining Concessions held by Silver Bull, 2022 
 32 
 
 Table 5. Summary of Previous Resource Estimates 
 44 
 
 Table 6. Summary of the main drilling conducted under the South32 Joint Venture. 
 82 
 
 Table 7. Summary of the main Regional Prospects at Sierra Mojada 
 84 
 
 Table 8. Drill Hole History Sierra Mojada Project 1900-2009 
 89 
 
 Table 9. Drill Hole History Sierra Mojada Project 2010-2013 
 90 
 
 Table 10. Termite Drill Program 
 95 
 
 Table 11. Summary of Correlation between LH TH by Rock Codes 
 121 
 
 Table 12. Average Grade of all LH by Depth (Long Holes All Data) 
 121 
 
 Table 13. Average Grade of all TH by Depth (Termite All Data) 
 122 
 
 Table 14. Grade Variation for Zinc in LH for Rock Code 20 
 123 
 
 Table 15. Mountain States Grind Size versus Silver Recovery Results. 
 131 
 
 Table 16. Mountain States Leach Solution Cyanide Concentration versus Silver Recovery Results. 
 131 
 
 Table 17. Silver Bull Silver Deposit KCA Metallurgical Test Program. 
 132 
 
 Table 18. Diagnostic Leach Test Work Cumulative Silver Extraction. 
 133 
 
 Table 19. Summary of Cyanide Bottle Roll Leach Test Results, Ag Recovery. 
 135 
 
 Table 20. Summary of Cyanide Bottle Roll Leach Test Results, Zn Recovery 
 136 
 
 Table 21. Summary of Cyanide Bottle Roll Leach Test Results, Cu Recovery. 
 136 

9 

Table 22. Summary of the SART test work results completed by Bioteq. 
 137 
 
 Table 23. Sierra Mojada Waelz Kiln Test Work Zinc Recovery and Accountability 
 139 
 
 Table 24. Flotation Reagent Suite White Zinc Master Composite. 
 141 
 
 Table 25. White Zinc Master Composite HLS/Flotation Test Work Results 
 141 
 
 Table 26. Flotation Reagent Suite Red Zinc Master Composite 
 143 
 
 Table 27. Red Zinc High Silver Composite HLS/Flotation Test Work Results 
 143 
 
 Table 28. Resource Database 
 149 
 
 Table 29. Underground Void Volumes 
 150 
 
 Table 30. Block Model Rock Codes 
 152 
 
 Table 31. Basic Statistics of Assay Data 
 153 
 
 Table 32. Assay Correlation Coefficients 
 153 
 
 Table 33. Declustered Composite Statistics 
 155 
 
 Table 34. Composite Correlation Coefficients 
 155 
 
 Table 35. Semi-Variogram Parameters. 
 157 
 
 Table 36. Block Model Parameters 
 158 
 
 Table 37. Grade Interpolation Search Parameters 
 159 
 
 Table 38. Mineral Resource Estimate Comparisons 
 162 
 
 Table 39. Pit Optimization Parameters 
 164 
 
 Table 40. Pit-constrained Mineral Resource Estimate 
 164 
 
 Table 41. Pit-constrained Mineral Resource Estimate by Silver Cut-Off 
 165 
 
 Table 42. Pit-constrained Mineral Resource Estimate by Zinc Cut-Off 
 166 
 
 Table 43. Estimated Cost of Recommended Work Programs 
 180 

10 

1 Executive Summary 

1.1 INTRODUCTION 

 This technical report, dated January
24, 2023 (the Technical Report ), was prepared by Archer Cathro Ltd. AC and Mr. Timothy Barry for
Silver Bull Resources Inc. Silver Bull or SBR ), in accordance with subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K S-K 1300 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for the updated mineral resources at the Sierra
Mojada Project in Coahuila state, Mexico. 

This Technical Report replaces the technical
report for the mineral resources at the Sierra Mojada Project in Coahuila state, Mexico, dated October 30, 2018, prepared in accordance
with NI-43-101 by Mr. Matthew Dumala of AC and Mr. Timothy Barry of Silver Bull. This Technical Report is inclusive of both the near surface
silver mineralization that has been referred to as the Shallow Silver Zone (SSZ) and the historic red and
 white zinc zones that had been historically mined by underground methods. Since the previous report, significant work has
been done on structural and geologic mapping, modeling of the deposit and follow-up on previous work recommendations. 

The Sierra Mojada Project has been the
subject of previous NI43-101 technical reports which disclosed mineral resource estimates for the Shallow Silver Zone and the Red Zinc
Zone respectively: 

Archer
Cathro Ltd. Silver Bull Resources Inc. report, dated October 2018 

Tuun
and AFK Mining resource report, dated May 2015 

JDS
Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA) in December 2013 

JDS
resource report in April 2013 

SRK
in July 2012 and November 2011 

John
Nilsson (and Ronald Simpson) in April 2011 

Pincock
Allen Holt (PAH) in January 2010. 

1.2 PROPERTY DESCRIPTION 

 The Sierra Mojada project is located in the
northwestern part of Coahuila State, Mexico, close to the border with Chihuahua State. The project centre coordinates are 27 24 
North and longitude 103 43 West. The project is adjacent to the towns of Esmeralda and Sierra Mojada and is about 250 km northeast
of the city of Torre n. The project has excellent paved highway and rail access. 

11 

Silver Bull has 20 registered mining concessions
for a total area of 9,530.4 hectares. 

Silver Bull operates in Mexico through a wholly
owned Mexican subsidiary, Minera Metalin S.A. de C.V. All minerals in Mexico are owned by the federal government and mineral rights are
granted by soliciting mining concessions, which by law have priority over surface land use, but in practice the concessions owner must
have an agreement with the surface owner. 

1.3 ACCESSIBILITY, CLIMATE, LOCAL RESOURCES, INFRASTRUCTURE
AND PHYSIOGRAPHY 

 The Sierra Mojada project area is situated in the northwestern part of
Coahuila State, Mexico at latitude, close to the border with Chihuahua State, south of the village of Esmeralda. It is accessible by paved
roads from the city of Torre n, which lies about 250 km to the southwest. 

 Most of the area adjacent to the project site is used for low yield cattle
ranching, however; the 

 southeastern boundary of the project abuts the Pe oles dolomite
extraction and processing facility. The Pe oles quarrying facility contains associated waste piles and a 1 km long conveyor belt
transporting crushed dolomitic carbonate aggregate of specific magnesium carbonate grade to the railroad spur for transportation to the
Pe oles process plant known locally as Quimica del Rey. 

A rail line utilized by Pe oles to transport material to its chemical
plant extends west to La 

 Esmeralda. The remains of an older section extend right up to old workings
and a loading facility located south of La Mesa Blanca right in the center of the Sierra Mojada Camp. The spur line connects the main
national line that connects Escalon and Monclova. Rail traffic to the east is through Frontera to the United States via Eagle Pass, Texas,
or southward to Monterrey or the seaport at Altamira. Service to the west is available as well as to the western USA via El Paso, or to
points south connected through Torre n. Although power levels are sufficient for current operations and exploration, any development
of the project would potentially require additional power supplies to be sourced. 

1.4 HISTORY 

 The Sierra Mojada project area is host to several
mineralized zones varying from the red zinc (hemimorphite-rich) manto; a white zinc (smithsonite-rich) manto;
and silver-lead rich zones. As reported in the AC and SVB October 2018 resource report: 

12 

Silver and lead were first discovered
by a foraging party in 1879, and mining to 1886 consisted of native silver, silver chloride, and lead carbonate ores. After 1886, silver-lead-zinc-copper
sulphate ores within limestone and sandstone units were produced. No accurate production history has been found for historical mining
during this period. 

Approximately 120 years ago, zinc
silicate and zinc carbonate minerals (Zinc Manto Zone) were discovered underlying the silver-lead mineralized horizon. The zinc manto
is predominantly zinc dominated, but with subordinate lead rich manto and is principally situated in the footwall rocks of the Sierra
Mojada Fault System. Since discovery and up to 1990; zinc, silver, and lead ores were mined from various mines along the strike of the
deposit, including from the Sierra Mojada property. Ores mined from within these areas were hand sorted and the concentrate shipped mostly
to smelters in the United States. 

Metalline Mining Company (Metalline) entered
into a Joint Exploration and Development Agreement with USMX in July 1996, involving USMX s Sierra Mojada concessions. In October
1999, Metalline entered into a joint venture with North Limited of Melbourne, Australia (now Rio Tinto). Exploration by North Limited
consisted of underground channel samples in addition to surface RC and diamond drilling. North Limited withdrew from the joint venture
in October 2000. 

A joint venture agreement was made with Pe oles
in November 2001. The agreement allowed Pe oles to acquire 60 of the project by completing a bankable Feasibility Study and making
annual payments to Metalline. 

During 2002, Pe oles conducted an underground
exploration program consisting of driving raises through the oxide zinc manto, diamond drilling, continuation of the percussion drilling
and channel sampling of the oxide zinc workings (stopes and drifts) previously started by Metalline in 1999, and continued by North in
2000 and Metalline during 2001. 

In December 2003, the joint venture was terminated
by mutual consent between Pe oles and Metalline. Since 2003, Metalline continued sampling numerous underground workings through
channel and grab samples. 

In April 2010, Metalline merged with Dome Ventures,
retaining the name Metalline Mining Inc. Subsequently, in April 2011, the company changed its name to Silver Bull Resources. Silver Bull
continued to diamond drill the project until February of 2013. 

13 

In June 2018, Silver Bull signed a Joint Venture
option with South32 Limited to form a 70/30 joint venture on the Sierra Mojada Project. To maintain the option in good standing, South32
must contribute minimum exploration funding of US 10 million Initial Funding during a 4 year option period with minimum
aggregate exploration funding of US 3 million, US 6 million and US 8 million to be made by the end of years 1, 2 and 3 of the option period
respectively. South32 may exercise its option to subscribe for 70 of the shares of Minera Metalin S.A. De C.V. Metalin ),
the wholly owned subsidiary of Silver Bull which holds the claims in respect of the Project, by contributing US100 million to Metalin
for Project funding, less the amount of the Initial Funding contributed by South32 during the option period. 

The option with South32 was terminated in September
2022 due to an ongoing blockade of the project. 

1.5 GEOLOGY AND MINERALIZATION 

 Sierra Mojada is located in the Eastern Tectonic
Zone of Mexico, which represents a passive plate margin relative to the Western Zone that abuts a convergent plate margin. The boundary
between the Eastern and Western terrains is in Chihuahua State, just west of the Sierra Mojada project area. Within the Eastern Zone,
the project is located in the Coahuila terrain, which consists of moderately metamorphosed flysch and un-metamorphosed andesitic volcanic
rocks cut by granite and granodiorite intrusives of Permian to Triassic age. The district is located on passive margin type Cretaceous
platform carbonate rocks of the Sabinas Basin, which have been structurally prepared from Jurassic through Tertiary time by the complex
San Marcos fault system. 

Along the San Marcos fault system are one or
more mineralizing intrusions that are inferred from direct and indirect evidence in the district leading to the identification of the
district as being a CRD (Carbonate Replacement Deposit). The district shows a complex history of hypogene sulphide mineralization followed
by oxidation and supergene alteration of the mineral profile. Hydrothermal alteration follows a clear sequence of dolomitization, carbonate
and silica alteration; followed by late carbonate, silica, argillic, and iron oxide alterations related to the oxidation-supergene events.
Approximately 80 of the district mineralization is hosted by dolomite; the remainder is in limestone. 

The alteration-mineralizing events have generated
two types of mineralization in the Sierra Mojada district. The Shallow Silver Zone (SSZ) and the Base Metal Manto Zone (BMM). Mineralization
in the Shallow Silver Zone is dominated by acanthite, the silver halide solid solution of bromargyritechlorargyrite, and tennantite. Silver
occurs in early to late high-grade structures, karst breccias, low angle fault breccias, and mantos, and as disseminated replacements
in porous hydrothermally altered dolomites. 

14 

The Base Metal mineralization is dominated by
hemimorphite in the Red Zinc Zone and smithsonite in the White Zinc Zone. Mineralization primarily occurs as replacement of karst breccia
and accessory faults that feed the breccia zones. Non-sulphide base metal mineralization is a result of oxidation and supergene enrichment
of an original zone of semi-to massive pyrite-sphalerite-galena mineralization largely located in the lead zone manto mineralization. 

The result is a silver-rich polymetallic zone
of mineralization overlaying a large non-sulphide zinc-lead-copper resource, both forming a linear zone of manto shaped mineralization
which is cross cut by mineralized structures. 

1.6 EXPLORATION STATUS 

 Since the Archer Cathro and SVB October 2018
resource report, work has focused on sulphide mineralization that lies outside the resource defined by the 2015 Report. A joint venture
option was signed with South32 Ltd. in June 2018 to explore the sulphide potential of the property at depth. The sulphide mineralization
is thought to be of the same genesis as the oxide mineralization and is simply the unoxidized version of the mineralization
originally emplaced at Sierra Mojada. However, because a different metallurgical process would almost certainly be required to beneficiate
the sulphide mineralization, the new zone of sulphide mineralization recently identified at Sierra Mojada is not included in the resource
outlined in this report. 

1.7 SAMPLE PREPARATION, ANALYSES, SECURITY AND DATA VERIFICATION 

 During the time Mr. Barry has worked on the
Sierra Mojada Project there has been no change in the methodology of sample preparation and chain-of-custody. In 2010, the onsite assay
lab was decommissioned to eliminate any questions of sampling bias. As noted in Tuun and AFK May 2015 resource report: 

All analytical work used in the project
has been performed in the ALS laboratory ALS in Vancouver, BC, Canada. ALS is a leading independent provider of assaying
and analytical testing services for mining and exploration companies. The laboratory is ISO 9001:2000 and ISO/IEC 1702S:2005 certified.
SRK is of the opinion that the sample preparation, security and analysis meets or exceeds industry standards and is adequate to support
a mineral resource estimate as defined under NI 43- 101, but that better care should be taken in reviewing and analyzing the QA/QC. 

15 

SRK downloaded all available data from ALS
and compared the digital database supplied by Silver Bull against original assay data provided by ALS. A total of 37,100 assays were checked
against the digital database, which represents about 23 of the total assay population. While some discrepancies were observed, most of
the errors were considered not material and most were easily explained. A few samples that did not agree with the assay certificates were
not used for the resource estimate. 

Mr. Barry has been direct e-mail copied of results
from ALS-Chemex (now ALS-Global) with the assays and has had the opportunity to verify the assays against the loaded data. In addition,
in 2011 IoGlobal Pty Ltd (based in Australia) provided data verification services to Silver Bull Resources. 

For the B series 2012 holes and the T-series
2012 holes used for twinning of old holes and underground exploration. 

The Qualified Person considers the database
fit-for-purpose and is suitable for use in the estimation of Mineral Resources and was collected in line with industry best practice. 

1.8 METALLURGICAL TESTING 

 Metallurgical testing of the mineralization
at Sierra Mojada in the early years of Metalline Mining Co. work focused on the oxidized zinc mineralization. Poor recoveries and low
metal prices persuaded Silver Bull to consider other technologies. The SART Process and its application to Sierra Mojada Project mineralization
was also examined. Improved recoveries and the ability to recover/reduce cyanide consumption suggest improved economics that need to be
further evaluated. 

1.9 MINERAL RESOURCES 

 Classification has been done adhering to S-K 1300 Standards. A 10
m by 10 m by 10 m block model was created to encompass the deposit, grades were estimated into the block model in three passes using Ordinary
Kriging (OK). Silver, copper, lead and zinc were estimated using uncapped composited 1.0m grades. 

16 

1.9.1 MINERAL RESOURCE 

 Mineral Resources are sub-divided, in
order of increasing geological confidence, into Inferred, Indicated and Measured categories. An Inferred Mineral Resource has a lower
level of confidence than that applied to an Indicated Mineral Resource. An Indicated Mineral Resource has a higher level of confidence
than an Inferred Mineral Resource but has a lower level of confidence than a Measured Mineral Resource. 

 A Mineral Resource is a concentration
or occurrence of diamonds, natural solid inorganic material, or natural solid fossilized organic material including base and precious
metals, coal, and industrial minerals in or on the Earth s crust in such form and quantity and of such a grade or quality that it
has reasonable prospects for economic extraction. The location, quantity, grade, geological characteristics and continuity of a Mineral
Resource are known, estimated or interpreted from specific geological evidence and knowledge. 

 The term Mineral Resource covers mineralization
and natural material of intrinsic economic interest which has been identified and estimated through exploration and sampling and within
which Mineral Reserves may subsequently be defined by the consideration and application of technical, economic, legal, environmental,
socio-economic and governmental factors. The phrase reasonable prospects for economic extraction implies a judgement by
the Qualified Person in respect of the technical and economic factors likely to influence the prospect of economic extraction. A Mineral
Resource is an inventory of mineralization that under realistically assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions might become
economically extractable. These assumptions must be presented explicitly in both public and technical reports. 

 1.9.2 MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE 

 The silver and zinc resource at Sierra Mojada
has been classified as Measured , Indicated and Inferred and has been confined within an optimize
Whittle pit shell to demonstrate reasonable prospects of economic extraction. The pit shell was generated using a silver price of US 18
per ounce and a zinc price of US 1.20 per pound. Metal prices were chosen to reflect five year averages. Mining costs (ore and waste)
of US 1.50/tonne, processing costs of US 12.00/tonne (including G A) to provide an overall NSR cutoff grade of 13.50 for the Global
in-pit resource. An overall pit slope of 55 was used for the pit optimizations. Recoveries were assumed to be 75 for the silver
and 41 for the zinc. Although reported, no value was assigned to the copper or lead. Historic mining voids were removed from the resource
estimate. One small mineral license not under the control of Silver Bull is included within the open pit. The resource contained within
this license is not reported. 

17 

The Global Resource is shown
in Table 1 

 Table 1. Global Resource 

CLASS 
 Tonnes (Mt) 
 Ag (g/t) 
 Cu ) 
 Pb ) 
 Zn ) 
 NSR /t) 
 
 Ag 
 (Mozs) 
 
 Cu 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 Pb 
 (MLbs) 
 
 Zn 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 Measured 
 52.0 
 39.2 
 0.04 
 0.3 
 4.0 
 44.3 
 65.5 
 45.9 
 379.1 
 4,589.3 
 
 Indicated 
 18.4 
 37.0 
 0.03 
 0.2 
 1. 9 
 27.3 
 21.9 
 10.8 
 87.0 
 764.6 
 
 Total M I 
 70.4 
 38.6 
 0.04 
 0.3 
 3.4 
 39.8 
 87.4 
 56.8 
 466.1 
 5,353.9 
 
 Inferred 
 0.1 
 8.8 
 0.02 
 0.2 
 6.4 
 52.3 
 0.02 
 0.04 
 0.4 
 10.7 

Notes: 

1) S-K 1300 definitions were followed
for the Mineral Resource. 

2) The Mineral Resource is reported
within a conceptual pit-shell using an NSR cut-off value of US 13.50/tonne. 

3) Mineral resources are not reserves
and do not demonstrate economic viability. 

4) Tonnages are reported to the
nearest 100,000 tonne. Grades are rounded to the nearest decimal place for Ag, Zn, Pb and the nearest 2 decimal places for Cu 

5) Rounding as required by reporting
guidelines may result in apparent summation differences between tonnes, grade, and contained metal. 

6) Tonnage and grade are in metric
units; contained Zn, Cu, Pb are in imperial pounds. 

7) Tonnages and grades are as
reported directly from block model; with mined out areas removed. 

1.9.3 ZINC AND SILVER ZONES WITHIN THE GLOBAL RESOURCE 

 The Global Resource encompasses two high
grade zones of mineralization; locally named the zinc zone, and the silver zone and represents an overall average grade for the silver
and zinc mineralization across the entire deposit. This average grade does not accurately reflect discrete, high grade zoning of the silver
and zinc mineralization that occurs within the global resource and which are better defined using zinc and silver cutoff grades. The sub 
tables using a silver and zinc cutoff grade are shown below: 

18 

Table 2. Zinc Zone Pit-constrained Mineral
Resource Estimate by Zinc Cut-Off 

Category 
 Zn Cut-off ) 
 Tonnes (Mt) 
 Ag (g/t) 
 Cu ) 
 Pb ) 
 Zn ) 
 
 Ag 
 (Mozs) 
 
 Cu 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 Pb 
 (MLbs) 
 
 Zn 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 MEASURED 
 4 
 17.1 
 26.9 
 0.02 
 0.4 
 9.5 
 14.8 
 8.6 
 162.3 
 3,578.5 
 
 6 
 11.9 
 22.3 
 0.02 
 0.4 
 11.5 
 8.5 
 4.7 
 106.4 
 3,019.7 
 
 8 
 8.6 
 19.3 
 0.02 
 0.4 
 13.3 
 5.3 
 2.9 
 69.9 
 2,505.1 
 
 10 
 6.2 
 15.8 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 15.0 
 3.1 
 2.1 
 43.6 
 2,030.0 
 
 11 
 5.1 
 14.5 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 15.8 
 2.4 
 1.7 
 34.0 
 1,794.8 
 
 12 
 4.3 
 13.8 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 16.7 
 1.9 
 1.4 
 27.6 
 1,586.5 
 
 13 
 3.6 
 12.9 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 17.5 
 1.5 
 1.2 
 21.2 
 1,381.2 
 
 14 
 2.9 
 11.7 
 0.02 
 0.2 
 18.5 
 1.1 
 1.0 
 15.3 
 1,170.8 
 
 INDICATED 
 4 
 2.5 
 22.2 
 0.03 
 0.3 
 7.7 
 1.8 
 1.5 
 17.6 
 417.0 
 
 6 
 1.6 
 20.4 
 0.03 
 0.3 
 9.2 
 1.0 
 0.9 
 11.1 
 317.0 
 
 8 
 0.8 
 18.7 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 11.4 
 0.5 
 0.3 
 5.8 
 200.8 
 
 10 
 0.4 
 19.2 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 13.7 
 0.2 
 0.2 
 2.9 
 124.4 
 
 11 
 0.3 
 19.5 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 15.0 
 0.2 
 0.1 
 2.0 
 98.1 
 
 12 
 0.2 
 19.6 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 15.9 
 0.2 
 0.1 
 1.6 
 83.1 
 
 13 
 0.2 
 19.8 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 16.4 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 1.3 
 74.3 
 
 14 
 0.2 
 21.9 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 16.9 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 1.1 
 65.3 
 
 TOTAL M I 
 6 
 13.5 
 22.0 
 0.02 
 0.4 
 11.2 
 9.6 
 5.6 
 117.5 
 3,336.6 
 
 INFERRED 
 4 
 0.05 
 5.9 
 0.01 
 0.2 
 8.5 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 0.2 
 9.97 
 
 6 
 0.04 
 6.5 
 0.01 
 0.2 
 9.6 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 0.2 
 8.60 
 
 8 
 0.03 
 5.7 
 0.01 
 0.2 
 11.0 
 0.00 
 0.01 
 0.1 
 6.34 

19 

Table 3. Silver Zone Pit-constrained Mineral
Resource Estimate by Silver Cut-Off 

Category 
 Ag Cut-off ) 
 Tonnes (Mt) 
 Ag (g/t) 
 Cu ) 
 Pb ) 
 Zn ) 
 
 Ag 
 (Mozs) 
 
 Cu 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 Pb 
 (MLbs)) 
 
 Zn 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 MEASURED 
 25 
 21.0 
 83.6 
 0.08 
 0.5 
 2.6 
 56.5 
 37.4 
 245.8 
 1,222.25 
 
 35 
 15.9 
 101.2 
 0.10 
 0.6 
 2.5 
 51.6 
 34.4 
 201.6 
 869.2 
 
 45 
 12.5 
 117.7 
 0.11 
 0.6 
 2.5 
 47.3 
 31.7 
 168.3 
 679.2 
 
 50 
 11.2 
 126.6 
 0.12 
 0.6 
 2.5 
 45.3 
 30.3 
 155.0 
 611.2 
 
 55 
 10.1 
 134.2 
 0.13 
 0.6 
 2.5 
 43.4 
 29.1 
 141.5 
 548.4 
 
 60 
 9.1 
 142.3 
 0.14 
 0.6 
 2.5 
 41.7 
 28.0 
 129.8 
 493.2 
 
 65 
 8.3 
 149.7 
 0.15 
 0.7 
 2.5 
 40.1 
 26.9 
 120.0 
 452.3 
 
 70 
 7.5 
 158.4 
 0.15 
 0.7 
 2.5 
 38.4 
 25.6 
 110.6 
 409.9 
 
 75 
 6.9 
 166.5 
 0.16 
 0.7 
 2.4 
 36.9 
 24.6 
 101.7 
 370.9 
 
 INDICATED 
 25 
 10.4 
 54.9 
 0.03 
 0.2 
 1.3 
 18.4 
 7.9 
 53.2 
 288.1 
 
 35 
 7.3 
 65.4 
 0.04 
 0.2 
 1.3 
 15.4 
 6.6 
 40.0 
 208.2 
 
 45 
 5.0 
 77.6 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 12.4 
 5.2 
 27.4 
 142.4 
 
 50 
 4.1 
 84.0 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 11.1 
 4.4 
 23.2 
 119.5 
 
 55 
 3.4 
 90.7 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 9.9 
 3.6 
 19.8 
 98.1 
 
 60 
 2.9 
 96.8 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 8.9 
 2.9 
 17.0 
 83.0 
 
 65 
 2.4 
 102.9 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 8.0 
 2.5 
 14.0 
 68.8 
 
 70 
 2.0 
 109.5 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 7.2 
 2.2 
 11.8 
 56.6 
 
 75 
 1.8 
 115.7 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 6.5 
 1.8 
 10.0 
 49.8 
 
 TOTAL M I 
 50 
 15.2 
 114.9 
 0.10 
 0.5 
 2.2 
 56.3 
 34.7 
 178.2 
 730.7 
 
 INFERRED 
 25 
 0.01 
 28.8 
 0.07 
 0.3 
 1.6 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 0.06 
 0.35 
 
 35 
 0.00 
 0.0 
 0.00 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 
 45 
 0.00 
 0.0 
 0.00 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 

The Global Mineral Resources were estimated by Matthew
Dumala P.Eng. of Archer Cathro Ltd. by Ordinary Kriging (OK) using Geovia GEMS TM software in three passes using 10m x 10m
x 10m blocks as the SMU size. The classification methodology used was that blocks meeting the criteria of Pass 1 would be flagged as
Measured; Pass 2 Indicated; and Pass 3 Inferred. Silver, copper, lead and zinc were estimated using Ordinary Kriging
(OK) on uncapped composited 1.0m grades. 

20 

NSR values were assigned to blocks within
the Mineral Resource and confined to a pit shell generated in Whittle. A US13.50 NSR cutoff was selected for the global Mineral Resource.
The Whittle pit and NSR calculations assumed a silver price of US 18.00/Troy ounce and a zinc price of US1.20/pound; recoveries of 75 
and 41 respectively; pit slope angles of 55 o overall; mining costs of US 1.50/tonne; and Ag Zn processing costs of US 12.00/tonne. 

 The sub table breakdowns from the global
resource was equated using a 50g/t cutoff grade for silver and 6 for Zinc. 

1.10 INTERPRETATIONS, CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS 

 For the next phase of work specifically on the oxide resource the
authors recommend that Silver Bull Resources: 

Complete additional metallurgical test work on both the silver and the zinc
to confirm recovery parameters. 

Consider a pilot-plant program to prove the viability of the selected process 

The next phase work program should include geotechnical drilling to confirm
appropriate slope angles for future open pit design work. 

Continue underground diamond drill work for improved interpretation and
modeling of domains. 

Detail power and water sources, requirements, and begin all permitting processes.

Examine the potential of the silver and zinc zones as stand-alone minable
resources. 

Conduct a Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA). 

Continue to explore the property with an emphasis on targeting potential
sulphide targets. 

 The authors estimate that the total cost for the next phase
of work on the oxide resource is approximately US 2M. 

1.11 OTHER RELEVANT DATA AND INFORMATION 

 Since September 30, 2019, the project
has been under an illegal blockade and unable to access the project, by a mining co-operative called Minera Nortenos. The co-operative
is demanding payment of a production royalty, even though no mine is in production. Despite favorable court rulings in Silver Bull s
favor, the Mexican government has refused to do anything about the blockade, despite its illegal nature. Talks are on going with the co-operative,
but to date no reasonable settlement has reached. 

21 

The illegal blockade, and the inability
to access the project was directly responsible for South32 terminating its option agreement with the company on the Sierra Mojada project.
A full summary is provided in Section 21 of this report. 

22 

2 IntroDUCtion 

2.1 TERMS OF REFERENCE 

 This Technical Report dated January 24, 2023, was prepared by Archer, Cathro Associates (1981) Limited AC and Silver Bull Resources Inc SVB ).
The contributing authors were Matthew Dumala from AC and Timothy Barry from SVB. 

Mr. Barry is a Geologist and Chartered Professional
of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (MAusIMM(CP) and has worked as the VP Exploration and now as President and CEO
for Silver Bull on the Sierra Mojada project since the merger of Metalline Mining Inc. and Dome Ventures Inc. in 2010. He is responsible
for Sections 1-8, 10, and 20-21. 

Mr. Dumala, is a Professional Engineer,
registered in British Columbia and works as a resource modeller for Archer, Cathro Associates (1981) Limited Archer Cathro ).
Archer Cathro is responsible for Sections 9 and 11. 

The authors jointly shared responsibility
for Sections 1-3 and 22. Sections 12-19 are not relevant to this report. 

This Technical Report was prepared
in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Commission S-K 1300 guidelines. 

2.2 SCOPE OF WORK 

 The mineral resource estimate presented
in this report replaces the NI43-101 mineral resource estimate from Mr. Dumala and Mr. Barry from October 24, 2018. 

2.3 STATEMENT OF INDEPENDENCE 

 Mr Dumala is a qualified person for
the purposes of a S-K 1300 and does not have any beneficial interest in the outcome of this technical assessment of the Sierra Mojada
Deposit. His fee for completing this Report is based on his normal professional rates plus reimbursement of incidental expenses. The payment
of that professional fee is not contingent upon the outcome of the Report. 

23 

Mr Barry is a qualified person for
the purposes of a S-K 1300 and works as the President and CEO of Silver Bull is not independent of Silver Bull. He is an acceptable co-author
this report based on section 5.3 of the S-K 1300 regulations outlining the requirements for an independent Technical Report. 

2.4 SITE VISIT 

 Mr. Barry MAusIMM(CP) is a qualified
person under the terms of S-K 1300, has spent a considerable amount of time at the Sierra Mojada site leading and managing all aspects,
including, but not limited to, the planning and overseeing of drill campaigns, QA/QC implementation and collection, sites tours for visitors
of the project between 2011 to present. His last visit to site was between 1 8 September 2019. 

Mr Dumala oversaw the 2019 drill campaign
at Sierra Mojada and was last at the site in August 2019. 

2.5 UNITS AND CURRENCY 

 Unless otherwise stated all units used in this report are
metric. Assay values are reported in grams per metric tonne (g/t) unless some other unit is specifically stated. The US is used throughout
this report. 

2.6 SOURCES OF INFORMATION 

 This report is based, in part, on
internal Company technical reports, and maps, published government reports, Company letters and memoranda, and public information as listed
in the References Section 24.0 at the conclusion of this Technical Report. 

The Sierra Mojada Project has been
the subject of a Preliminary Economic Assessment completed by JDS Energy and Mining Inc. (JDS) in December 2013 and five previous NI43-101
compliant technical reports completed by Tuun AFK in May 2015, JDS in April 2013, SRK Consulting Inc. (SRK) in November 2011 and
an update in July 2012, John Nilsson in April 2011 (authored by Ronald Simpson and John Nilsson), and Pincock Allen Holt (PAH) I,
January 2010. 

The Authors have relied upon some
of the previously disclosed reports along with newly collected information provided by Silver Bull Resources. 

24 

The Authors have not conducted detailed
land status evaluations, and have relied upon previous qualified reports, public documents and statements by the Company regarding Property
status and legal title to the Sierra Mojada Project. 

2.7 UNITS OF MEASURE, CALCULATIONS ABBREVIATIONS 

 A list of the main units, abbreviations and acronyms used
throughout this report is presented in the tables below. 

m 
 Micron (micrometre) 
 
 Amp 
 Ampere 
 
 cm 
 Centimetre 
 
 g/t 
 Gram per tonne 
 
 hr 
 Hour 
 
 ha 
 Hectare 
 
 hp 
 Horsepower 
 
 kg 
 Kilogram 
 
 km 
 Kilometre 
 
 km 
 Square kilometer 
 
 KPa 
 Kilopascal 
 
 kt 
 Thousand tonnes 
 
 Kw 
 Kilowatt 
 
 KWh 
 Kilowatt hour 
 
 L 
 Litre 
 
 lb or lbs 
 Pound(s) 
 
 m 
 Metre 
 
 M 
 Million 
 
 m 
 Square metre 
 
 m 
 Cubic metre 
 
 min 
 Minute 
 
 mm 
 Millimetre 
 
 Mpa 
 Mega Pascal 
 
 mph 
 Miles per hour 
 
 Mtpa 
 Million tonnes per annum 
 
 Mt 
 Million tonnes 
 
 C 
 Degree Celsius 
 
 oz 
 Troy ounce 
 
 ppb 
 Parts per billion 
 
 ppm 
 Parts per million 
 
 s 
 Second 
 
 t 
 Metric tonne 
 
 tpd 
 Tonnes per day 
 
 tph 
 Tonnes per hour 
 
 V 
 Volt 
 
 W 
 Watt 
 
 wmt 
 Wet metric tonne 

25 

Abbreviations Acronyms 

or pct 
 Percent 
 
 AAS 
 Atomic absorption spectrometer 
 
 Ag 
 Silver 
 
 Amsl 
 Above mean sea level 
 
 As 
 Arsenic 
 
 Au 
 Gold 
 
 C 
 Carbon 
 
 CAPEX 
 Capital Costs 
 
 CFE 
 Comision Federal de Electricidad 
 
 CIL 
 Carbon-in-leach 
 
 CIM 
 Canadian Institute of Mining 
 
 Elev 
 Elevation above sea level 
 
 GPS 
 Global positioning system 
 
 HG 
 High Grade 
 
 H:V 
 Horizontal to vertical 
 
 JDS 
 JDS Energy Mining Inc. 
 
 LG 
 Low Grade 
 
 Ma 
 Million years ago 
 
 MMC 
 Metalline Mining Company 
 
 MXP 
 Mexican pesos 
 
 N,S,E,W 
 North, South, East, West 
 
 NPV 
 Net Present Value 
 
 NSR 
 Net Smelter Return 
 
 S-K 1300 
 National Instrument 43-101 
 
 OPEX 
 Operating costs 
 
 PA 
 Preliminary Assessment 
 
 PAX 
 Potassium Amyl Qanthate 
 
 Pb 
 Lead 
 
 PEA 
 Preliminary Economic Assessment 
 
 PFS 
 Prefeasibility Study 
 
 QA/QC 
 Quality Assurance/Quality Control 
 
 QMS 
 Quality Management System 
 
 RC 
 Reverse circulation 
 
 S 
 Sulfur 
 
 SEMARNAT 
 Secretaria de medio ambiente y recursos naturales 
 
 S.G. 
 Specific gravity 
 
 SBR 
 Silver Bull Resources Inc. 
 
 SRK 
 SRK Consulting Inc. 
 
 US 
 US dollars 
 
 Whittle 
 Gemcom Whittle- Strategic Mine Planning TM 
 
 X,Y,Z 
 Cartesian Coordinates, also Easting, Northing and Elevation 
 
 Zn 
 Zinc 

26 

2.8 RELIANCE ON OTHER EXPERTS 

Independent metallurgical consultant
Mr. William J. Pennstrom Jr., M.A.; QPMMSA of Pennstrom Consulting Inc. was contracted by Silver Bull in 2013 and 2014 to review the metallurgical
testing programs conducted. Mr. Pennstrom s work was provided to the Authors by Silver Bull and forms the basis of Section 13 
Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing. Responsibility for his work has been undertaken by Mr Timothy Barry, MAusIMM(CP), a Qualified
Person. No additional metallurgical work has been conducted by Silver Bull since this time. 

Although copies of the tenure documents,
operating licenses, permits, and work contracts were reviewed, an independent verification of land title and tenure was not performed.
The Authors have not verified the legality of any underlying agreement(s) that may exist concerning the licenses or other agreement(s)
between third parties but has relied on Silver Bull s solicitor to have conducted the proper legal due diligence. Information on
tenure and permits was obtained from Silver Bull. 

Based on Silver Bull s legal
opinion the current mining law in Mexico allows for the concession to be issued for 50 years. This law was made effective April 29, 2005
and concessions issued prior to this change in mining law will have the expiration date of the concession amended to reflect the 50-year
period. The Authors have relied on representations and legal opinions provided by Silver Bull regarding the legal disposition of mining
concessions. 

The Authors have relied completely
on Silver Bull regarding all information related to the environmental, political and tax information about the project. 

27 

3 PROPERTY DESCRIPTION AND
LOCATION 

3.1 LOCATION 

 The Sierra Mojada project is located
in the northwestern part of Coahuila State, Mexico, close to the border with Chihuahua State (Figure 1). Access is by paved Highway from
the city of Torreon about 250km southwest of the project. The project site is situated about one km south of the village of Esmeralda. 

The Sierra Mojada Project abuts a
major escarpment that forms the northern margin of the Sierra Mojada range. The average elevation at the site is 1,500masl and is at latitude
27 24 North and longitude 103 43 West. Silver Bull Resources employs the NAD 27 Zone 13 survey coordinate system
on the project. 

Figure 1. Property Location Map 

28 

3.2 MINERAL CONCESSIONS 

 Silver
Bull operates in M xico through a wholly owned Mexican subsidiary; Minera Metalin S.A. de C.V. All minerals in Mexico are owned
by the federal government and mineral rights are granted by soliciting mining concessions, which by law have priority over surface land
use, but in practice the concessions owner must have an agreement with the surface owner. See Figures below for the location of the regional
and deposit scale concessions. 

Figure 2. Sierra Mojada Mining Concession
Map (provided by Silver Bull) 

29 

Figure 3. Mining Concessions in the
immediate Sierra Mojada Project Resource Area (Provided by Silver Bull) 

The mining concessions held by
Silver Bull cover all the mineralized zones with the exception of one licence 10.47ha in size and as shown in Figure 3. Both the mineralization
and Whittle Pit used to estimate this resource extend onto this licence, however none of the resource that falls on within this licence
is included in this resource estimation. 

The only mining operation currently
active within the area is a small low tonnage dolomite quarry operated by Pe oles near Esmeralda. The quarry is to the south east
of the Silver Bull mining concessions. 

The table below shows the mining
concessions currently held by Silver Bull. Total area for these licences excluding the claim filed concessions is 9,530.4
ha. 

The registered 
concessions are 100 owned by a Silver Bull s wholly owned Mexican subsidiary; Minera Metalin S.A. de C.V. (Minera Metalin). In
the concessions with the purchase option status, Minera Metalin has a 100 interest, and the claim filed concessions
will be 100 owned once granted by the Mexican authorities. 

30 

Table 4. List of Mining Concessions
held by Silver Bull, 2022 

CONCESSION NAME 
 STATUS 
 TITLE NUMBER 
 Expiration Date (dd/mm/yyy) 
 AREA (Ha) 
 
 1 
 SIERRA MOJADA 
 Registered 
 235371 
 29/11/2043 
 4,818.49 
 
 2 
 SIERRA MOJADA Fraccion I 
 Registered 
 235372 
 29/11/2043 
 0.05 
 
 3 
 SIERRA MOJADA Fraccion II 
 Registered 
 235373 
 29/11/2043 
 0.01 
 
 4 
 SIERRA MOJADA Fraccion III 
 Registered 
 235374 
 29/11/2043 
 0.33 
 
 5 
 SIERRA MOJADA Fraccion IV 
 Registered 
 235375 
 29/11/2043 
 1.18 
 
 6 
 ESMERALDA 
 Registered 
 212169 
 21/09/2050 
 117.50 
 
 7 
 ESMERALDA I 
 Registered 
 238678 
 30/03/2050 
 95.53 
 
 8 
 ESMERALDA I Fraccion I 
 Registered 
 238679 
 30/03/2050 
 0.74 
 
 9 
 ESMERALDA I Fraccion II 
 Registered 
 238680 
 30/03/2050 
 0.03 
 
 10 
 LA BLANCA 
 Registered 
 220569 
 27/08/2053 
 33.50 
 
 11 
 FORTUNA 
 Registered 
 160461 
 20/08/2024 
 13.96 
 
 12 
 VULCANO 
 Registered 
 236714 
 24/08/2060 
 4.60 
 
 13 
 UNIFICACION MINEROS NORTE OS 
 Registered 
 169343 
 10/11/2031 
 336.79 
 
 14 
 LOS RAMONES 
 Registered 
 223093 
 14/10/2054 
 8.60 
 
 15 
 VOLCAN DOLORES 
 Registered 
 224873 
 15/06/2055 
 10.49 
 
 16 
 DORMIDOS 
 Registered 
 229323 
 9/04/2057 
 2,326.10 
 
 17 
 VETA RICA o LA INGLESA 
 Registered 
 236837 
 6/09/2060 
 10.99 
 
 18 
 OLYMPIA 
 Registered 
 195811 
 20/09/2042 
 8.97 
 
 19 
 COLA SOLA 
 Registered 
 238255 
 22/08/2061 
 1,735.00 
 
 20 
 ALOTE Fracc. VI 
 Claim Filed 
 239512 
 13/12/2061 
 7.54 

9,530.4 Ha 

3.3 SURFACE AND PRIVATE PROPERTY RIGHTS 

 Approximately 70 of the area of
interest is covered by surface rights that Silver Bull either has title to, or title is pending. Silver Bull is in discussions to acquire
the surfaces rights for the remaining area. Under Mexican Law if mining right are held, these supersede surface rights, and a Temporary
Occupation of ground can be obtained which guarantees access to ground to commence mining activity. All of Silver Bull s
fixed assets, including offices and buildings are located on land owned by Silver Bull. 

31 

Figure 4. Surface Rights of Sierra
Mojada 

3.4 ROYALTIES 

 The mining concession is subject to royalty payments amounting to
2 of the mine s NSR capped at an amount of US 6.875M. 

3.5 SECURITY 

 There is currently an illegal blockade on the
project stopping access, In the interests of safety, Silver Bull has shut down all operations until a reasonable settlement has been reached
with the group blocking the project. 

There have been no drug, cartel or gang related
security issues on the Sierra Mojada property. The project lies at the end of the pavement of Carretera Estatal 91 going north from Torre n
in the western most part of Coahuila state. There are no local connections to the international border, which is 190 km straight-line
distance to the closest point at Big Bend, Texas. 

32 

3.6 SIGNIFICANT ISSUES 

 There is currently an illegal blockade,
stopping access to the project. Silver Bull 

 Surface rights at the eastern end of the deposit
are not currently under Silver Bull s control. In order for the project to proceed Silver Bull will have to secure the surface property
rights or acquire a Temporary Occupation to these areas. 

33 

4 ACCESSIBILTY, CLIMATE,
LOCAL RESOURCES, INFRASTRUCTURE AND PHYSIOGRAPHY 

 The climate is arid and warm.
Rainfall is scarce but more prominent in summer, while temperatures are very hot by day and cool at night. The average annual temperature
is 14 C to 16 C, with rainfall of 400 to 500mm per year. 

 The highest daily temperatures are
generally recorded in May, with maximum temperatures being moderated somewhat by rainfall during June through October. Freezing occurs
from time to time during the winter particularly in January and February - although this occurs less than 20 days out of the year
in most years. Occasionally there is snow as can be seen in Figure 5. 

Winds
are highly variable, but strong southerly winds coming down from the mountains are common. Streams are ephemeral and wells with acceptable
water quality are tens to hundreds of meters deep. (Tuun AFK 2015) 

Figure 5. December 2006 - Snow at Sierra
Mojada 

34 

Figure 6. Typical Landscape of Sierra
Mojada Project 

 The project is located west of Sierra
Madre Oriental on the Mexican Plateau. The terrain is generally flat, with prominent relief formations of up to 1,500m along the southern
boundary of the project site as shown in the Figure 6. 

The majority of the
mineral concessions are located in areas at the base of the cliffs where there is moderate relief with numerous stream forming gullies
that erode the surface alluvium. The area is high desert covered by scrub vegetation; comparable to the Basin and Range in Nevada. Mining
operations are viable throughout the year (Tuun AFK 2015). 

4.1 LOCAL RESOURCES 

 While most of the area peripheral to the project site
is used for cattle ranching, the village of La Esmeralda and the town of Sierra Mojada (about 4km west of the project camp) can provide
local workforce and minor supplies. Both communities offer basic services and for the project and are linked by paved road. 

Mina Dolomita, the Pe oles dolomite extraction
and crushing facility is located at the southeastern boundary of the project. The mine contains waste piles and a 1km long conveyor belt
that transports crushed dolomitic carbonate aggregate of specific magnesium carbonate grade to their railroad spur for bi-weekly transportation
to the Pe oles Quimica Del Rey plant in Laguna Del Rey. 

35 

4.2 INFRASTRUCTURE 

 A rail line utilized by Pe oles
to transport material to its chemical plant extends west to La Esmeralda. The remains of an older railroad section extend further to the
west and would be easily accessible to old workings and a loading facility located south of La Mesa Blanca right in the center of the
Sierra Mojada Camp (Figure 7). The spur line connects the main national line which connects Escalon and Monclova. Rail traffic to the
east is through Frontera to the United States, via Eagle Pass, Texas, southward to Monterrey, or via the seaport at Altamira/Tampico.
Service to the west is also available, as well as to the western USA via El Paso, or to points south connected through Torre n. 

 Although
power levels are sufficient for current operations and exploration, any development of the project would potentially require additional
power supplies to be sourced. The Comisi n Federal de Electricidad (English: Federal Electricity Commission) is the Mexican state-owned
electricity monopoly, widely known as CFE, which provides service to the area. High voltage (13,400 v) power is available to the
vicinity of the head frames of the San Salvador shaft (500 KVA), the Encantada shaft (300 KVA), and the METALIN shop area (112.5 KVA).
(JDS 2013). 

 The project has 5 registered water wells
with Con-Agua, the Mexican Authority which controls water rights and distribution and allows for the company to take up 2.5 million cubic
meters of water per annum for mining operations. There is a paved state highway to site, and a gas line 35km from the project at Quimica
Del Rey. 

36 

Figure 7. Local Infrastructure at Sierra
Mojada (Silver Bull 2022) 

37 

5 HISTORY 

 The following historical summary
has been extracted from previous technical reports and information provided by Silver Bull. 

Silver
and lead were first discovered by a foraging party in 1879, and mining to 1886 consisted of native silver, silver chloride, and lead carbonate
ores. After 1886, silver-lead-zinc-copper sulphate ores within limestone and sandstone units were produced. No accurate production history
has been found for historical mining during this period. 

Figure 8. Historic Mining at Sierra
Mojada 

 Approximately 90 years ago,
zinc silicate and zinc carbonate minerals Zinc Manto Zone were discovered underlying the silver-lead mineralized horizon.
The Zinc Manto Zone is predominantly zinc dominated, but with subordinate Lead rich manto and is principally situated in the footwall
rocks of the Sierra Mojada Fault System. Since discovery and up to 1990; zinc, silver, and lead ores were mined from various mines along
the strike of the deposit including from the Sierra 

38 

Mojada property.
Ores mined from within these areas were hand sorted and the concentrate shipped mostly to smelters in the United States. 

 Activity
during the period of 1956 to 1990 consisted of operations by the Mineros Norte os Cooperativa and operations by individual owners
and operators of pre-existing mines. The Mineros Norte os operated the San Salvador, Encantada, Fronteriza, Esmeralda, and Parrena
mines, and shipped oxide zinc ore to Zinc National s smelter in Monterrey, while copper and silver ore were shipped to smelters
in Mexico and the United States. 

 The
principal mines operated by individuals and lessors were the Veta Rica, Deonea, Ju rez, Volc n I and II, Once, San Antonio,
San Jos , San Buena, Monterrey, Vasquez III, Tiro K, El Indio and Poder de Dios. The individual operators were mainly local residents,
such as the Farias, Espinoza, and Valdez families. 

 In the
early 1990 s, Kennecott Copper Corporation Kennecott had a joint venture agreement involving USMX s Sierra
Mojada concessions. Kennecott terminated the joint venture in approximately 1995. 

 Metalline
entered into a Joint Exploration and Development Agreement with USMX in July 1996 involving USMX s Sierra Mojada concessions. In
1998, Metalline purchased the Sierra Mojada and the USMX concessions and the Joint Exploration and Development Agreement was terminated.
Metalline also purchased the Esmeralda, Esmeralda I, Unificaci n Mineros Norte os, Volc n, La Blanca and Fortuna
concessions, and conducted exploration for copper and silver mineralization from 1997 through 1999. During this period, exploration consisted
of reverse circulation RC drilling which intersected significant zinc mineralization. 

 In
October of 1999, Metalline entered into a joint venture with North Limited of Melbourne, Australia (now Rio Tinto). Exploration by North
Limited consisted of underground channel samples in addition to surface RC and diamond drilling. North Limited withdrew from the joint
venture in October 2000. 

 A joint
venture agreement was made with Pe oles in November 2001. The agreement allowed Pe oles to acquire 60 of the project by
completing a bankable Feasibility Study and making annual payments to Metalline. 

 During
2002, Pe oles conducted an underground exploration program consisting of driving raises through the oxide Zinc Manto, diamond drilling,
continuation of the percussion drilling, and channel sampling of the oxide zinc workings (stopes and drifts) previously started by Metalline
in 1999 and continued by North in 2000 and Metalline during 2001. 

39 

The workings operated by the Norte os
Cooperativa in the Zinc Manto allow access to the entire Zinc Manto in the San Salvador, Encantada, and Fronteriza mine operations. The
objective of Pe oles`s 2002 program, in addition to evaluating the Zinc Manto mineralization, was to compare the quality and consistency
of sampling methods. Pe oles developed diamond drill sites in the San 

 Salvador
and Encantada mines. It also developed raises through the vertical extent of the Zinc Manto. Bulk samples of raise muck and channel samples
of the raise walls were collected at one meter intervals. Percussion and diamond drill holes were drilled parallel to the raises and also
sampled at one meter intervals. 

 The
Pe oles 2003 program continued the underground channel sampling and included percussion and diamond drilling from the surface.
In addition to drilling the manto along its extent in the three mines, Pe oles conducted step out drilling to the east and west.
Pe oles drilled holes on fences spaced 200 m apart east of the Fronteriza mine toward the Oriental mine, a distance of nearly 2
km. The holes were spaced 50 to 100 m in a north-south direction along the fences. To the west Pe oles followed up the North Limited
drilling in the vicinity of the San Antonio mine, 2 km west, which confirmed and extended the mineralization. 

 In December
2003, the joint venture was terminated by mutual consent between Pe oles and Metalline. Pe oles had other projects it preferred
to fund and Metalline was interested in reacquiring a 100 interest in the project. From 2003 to April 2010, Metalline continued sampling
numerous underground workings through channel and grab samples as well as completing underground and surface drill holes exploring the
zinc-silver mineralization. 

 Subsequent
to the merger with Dome Ventures in April 2010 underground exploration of the Zinc Zone was terminated. Focus was switched to a surface
diamond drill program exploring near surface low grade bulk tonnage silver-zinc mineralization or the same style of mineralization above
and up-dip from the hemimorphite zinc mineralization. (JDS 2013) 

5.1 PAST PRODUCTION 

 To date Silver Bull has estimated
that over 150km of underground workings have been surveyed on the project. This represents approximately 4 million tonnes of development
and 10 million short tons of silver, zinc, lead, and copper ores. 

40 

From 1897 to about 1905, small quantities of lead ore
were smelted on site, and remnants of the smelter are still visible near the core logging facility (see Figure 9). At various times historically,
zinc oxides ores were shipped to fertilizer plants in the U.S. and Mexico. 

Estimates
from 1931 put production along the mineralized trend, of which the Sierra Mojada property is a subset, at approximately 5 million short
tons (all of the following will be short tons). That compares with Shaw, who in his 1922 AIME paper estimated that production to 1920
was 3 to 3.5 million tons of lead-silver ores; and 1.5 to 2 million tons of Ag and Cu-Ag ores. Based on fragmented records, anecdotal
evidence and stope volumes, perhaps 900,000 tons of additional oxide zinc may have been mined from Red Zinc and White Zinc areas on the
Sierra Mojada property. Significant production occurred between 1920 and 1950 from the district with the involvement of major international
mining companies operating small daily tonnage mines during that period. (JDS 2013) 

 Mineros Norte os mined in
both the red and white zinc zones until the late 1990 s. Much of the material was converted to ZnO through the use of two on-site
kilns (Figure 9). Estimates indicate that ~120 tonnes per day from each kiln was produced and shipped to Mexican plants such as Zinc Nacionale.
The mining rate from the three active shafts was estimated at ~250t/d at a cutoff of 25 Zn. (pers comm Juan Manuel Lopez Ramirez 2018). 

41 

Figure 9. Sierra Mojada Historical
Lead Smelting Kilns September 2010. These were removed in 2013. 

42 

Most of the workings are accessed
through vertical shafts although there are a few adits and open stopes also present. For safety reasons, shafts have been barricaded and
locations surveyed. The head frames at San Salvador, Fronteriza and Centenario have been maintained and are used regularly. 

Figure 10. Known Historic Mine Shafts 

5.2 HISTORICAL RESOURCE ESTIMATES 

 While the area has hosted prolonged but small scale mining
activity for over 100 years there is no existing reliable historical resource estimate for the various manto deposits. 

Prior S-K 1300 compliant
mineral resources have been prepared for the property; namely a mineral resource prepared by PAH in January 2010 covering the Shallow
Silver Zone and the Zinc Manto Zone and a mineral resource estimate prepared by Simpson and Nilsson in April 2011 covering the Shallow
Silver Zone only (Table 5). These estimates are documented in technical reports listed in the Reference section of this report and available
on SEDAR. The estimates are reliable and relevant to the property. The Zinc Manto has been partially re-estimated by SRK, as such the
PAH estimate for the Zinc Manto is no longer considered current and should not be relied upon. (JDS 2013) 

43 

Table 5. Summary of Previous Resource Estimates 

Author 
 Zone 
 Class 
 Cut- off 
 Tonnes 
 Ag (g/t) 
 Zn ) 

PAH 2010 
 Shallow Ag 
 Inferred 
 60 (g/t Ag) 
 28,422,000 
 149 
 2.67 

PAH 2010 
 Zn Manto 
 Inferred 
 6 Zn 
 20,405,000 
 23 
 10.59 

Nilsson 2011 
 Shallow Ag 
 Indicated 
 20 (g/t Ag) 
 9,235,000 
 56 
 ND 

Inferred 
 20 (g/t Ag) 
 15,258,000 
 50 
 ND 

SRK 2011 
 Shallow Ag 
 Indicated 
 15 (g/t Ag) 
 28,564,000 
 50 
 0.95 

Inferred 
 15 (g/t Ag) 
 9,248,000 
 44 
 0.42 

SRK 2012 
 Shallow Ag 
 Measured 
 15 (g/t Ag) 
 3,688,000 
 57 
 4.06 

Indicated 
 15 (g/t Ag) 
 45,175,000 
 45 
 0.67 

Inferred 
 15 (g/t Ag) 
 8,162,000 
 40 
 0.6 

JDS 2013 
 Shallow Ag 
 Indicated 
 25 (g/t Ag) 
 72,900,000 
 69.5 
 1.5 

JDS 2013 (PEA) 
 Shallow Ag 
 Indicated 
 25 (g/t Ag) 
 71,100,000 
 71.1 
 1.34 

Tuun AFK 2015 
 Shallow Ag Zinc 
 Measured 
 13.50 NSR 
 36,500,000 
 48.5 
 4.6 

Indicated 
 22,200,000 
 51.6 
 2 

Inferred 
 500,000 
 44.7 
 4.7 

The resources stated in the reports described in Table 5 are
superseded by this report. 

44 

6 GEOLOGICAL SETTING, MINERALIZATION
AND DEPOSIT 

The Chapters 6.1 through 6.3 have
information modified from Stockhausen (2012), King (2012), Gryger (2010), Hodder (2010), Thorson (2010), and McKee (1990) with the original
references cited within; as well as internal investigations conducted by Silver Bull Resources. Chapters 6.4 through 6.5 have information
taken or modified from Stockhausen (2012), Megaw (1988, 1996, 2007), SRK (2012) and PAH (2010), Underwood (2013 2014) and Israel
(2013 2014); as well as internal investigations conducted by Silver Bull Resources. 

6.1 REGIONAL GEOLOGY 

 The Sierra Mojada Project is located
in the Eastern Zone, one of the three principal geologic zones of Mexico defined by age, tectonics, and lithologies. The other two zones
are the Western Zone and the Trans Mexican Volcanic belt. The Eastern Zone represents a passive plate margin relative to the Western Zone
which documents a convergent plate margin, and is composed of three major lithostratigraphic terrains; the Coahuila, Maya, and Sierra
Madre. The boundary between the Eastern and Western terrains is in Chihuahua just west of the Sierra Mojada project area. Within the Eastern
Zone, the project is located in the Coahuila terrain. 

6.1.1 Coahuila Terrain 

Basement rocks in the portion of the Coahuila terrain containing the Sierra
Mojada district are Late Paleozoic in age. The Coahuila basement block is composed of moderately metamorphosed flysch and unmetamorphosed
andesitic volcanic rocks, cut by granite and granodiorite intrusive rocks of Permian to Triassic age The Coahuila block is bounded to
the northeast by the San Marcos fault system and to the south by the Torre n-Monterrey lineament, parallel to the Sonora-Mojave
megashear (Figure 11). 

45 

Figure 11. Major Tectonic Elements
of Northeastern Mexico 

 Note: The Sierra Mojada project area is outlined in red, the San Marcos
Fault Zone (SMF) in green. Major tectonic elements of northeastern Mexico show the regional sinistral shear couple between the San Marcos
(SMF) and the Rio Bravo-La Babia (LBF) transcurrent fault zones; major components of the Mohave-Sonora megashear MSM). Also shown is the
Coahuila block (CB), the La Mula Island (LMI), the Coahuila-Texas craton (CCT) and the Ouachita-Marathon Orogenic Belt (OMOB) which marks
the boundary between the Western and Eastern litho-tectonic provinces in Mexico (Gryger 2010). 

46 

The basement
rocks of the Coahuila block were cut by Permian to Triassic aged granitic and granodioritic intrusions. These intrusive units represent
the roots of an island arc system produced south of the Ouachita-Marathon orogenic belt. Permian-Triassic intrusive rocks of similar composition
to those found within the Coahuila block occur within the Sabinas basin along the La Mula and Monclava uplifts. The intrusive units likely
acted as basement high within the basin during the Jurassic and Cretaceous. The Coahuila block was the source of siliciclastic detritus
deposited along the Jurassic and Early Cretaceous in the Sabinas Basin following regional deformation along the San Marcos fault system
(Figure 12). 

Figure 12. Cross Sections through the
Sabina Basin 

 Note: Figure is showing Laramide folding
and the position of the basin bounding faults; the San Marcos and La Babia systems (Gryger, 2010). 

47 

6.1.2 Sabinas Basin 

 The Sabinas basin formed during the Jurassic opening of
the Gulf of Mexico and contains over 6,000 m of Jurassic to Cretaceous continental red-beds, evaporites, and carbonate rocks. The basin
formed between the Coahuila block to the south and the Coahuila-Texas craton to the northeast. A post-rifting marine transgression resulted
in deposition of extensive Middle Jurassic to Late Cretaceous carbonate rocks throughout the region. Although the orientations of sedimentary
basins in northeastern Mexico were structurally controlled, basin-bounding structures were likely inactive during the time of carbonate
deposition. 

The Sabinas Basin is prolific in its production and potential
of hydrocarbon, primarily natural gas, coal, and coal-bed methane. It is also the source of metal-bearing brines linked to lead-zinc,
coppersilver, barite, strontium, and fluorine mineralization in SEDEX related mineral deposits; in skarn related mineral deposits and
Laramide age intrusive rocks; and in CRD type replacement deposits. The potential for sulfur and potash remains speculative. 

6.1.3 Regional Structure 

 The Coahuila region contains three
major northwest-trending structures as presented in Figures 11 and 12: 

Mojave-Sonora
megashear 

Torre n-Monterrey
lineament 

San Marcos-Rio
Bravo (Babia) shear couple 

The Mojave-Sonora megashear was proposed
by Silver and Anderson (1974) to explain an 800 km sinistral offset between basement rocks in northern Mexico and southern California.
This shear zone is interpreted to have formed from a series of intracontinental transform faults that were active during the Late Triassic
to Middle Jurassic. 

The Torre n-Monterrey lineament
is a west-northwest-trending structure that forms the southern boundary of the Coahuila basement block and is the southeastern extension
of the Mojave-Sonora megashear. It displays regional scale left-lateral displacement of up to 400 km Movement along the Torre n-Monterrey
lineament appears to have occurred primarily between the Middle Triassic and Late Jurassic. 

The north-northwest striking San
Marcos-Rio Bravo sinistral shear couple was active during the Jurassic, Early Cretaceous, and Tertiary and has a surface trace length
of at least 1000km according to Flotte, et al 2008. This shear couple is responsible for a distinct system of conjugate normal faults
in the region which strike north-south to north 70 degrees east. 

48 

The San Marcos fault component of
this system exhibits a minimum of four recorded movements and begins with an early normal movement with later left-lateral strike-slip
reverse movements beginning in the early Tertiary. Initial movement along the San Marcos fault has been attributed to deformation along
the Torre n-Monterrey lineament and the Mojave-Sonora megashear together with subsequent isostatic adjustment due to crustal thickening
during the Jurassic. The thrust component of the San Marcos fault is locally referred to as the Sierra Mojada thrust and the corresponding
thrust movement on the Rio Bravo fault to the north is referred to as the Babia thrust zone. The San Marcos fault is northeast dipping
and is believed to cut the entire crust while documented off sets are about 100m in the Sierra Mojada district, but variable region wide. 

Movement along the San Marcos fault
system resulted in the deposition of Cretaceous age continental redbed and carbonate units north of the fault. The redbed units include
the San Marcos Formation and the Upper Conglomerate units. The carbonate units include the La Pena and Aurora Formation, all in the Sierra
Mojada district. Reactivation of the San Marcos fault occurred during the Early Pliocene and resulted in a series of secondary faults
with east-west to north-south orientations in western Coahuila and southeastern Chihuahua. 

The deep seated San Marcos fault
zone has also been the structural guide to Laramide Pleistocene age igneous activity along its length including the Carmago volcanic
field 100 km to the northwest of the Sierra Mojada district, the Quatro Cienegas thermal area 150 km to the southeast of the Sierra Mojada,
as well as the igneous intrusions believed to be the source of the mineralization in the Sierra Mojada district. 

The Seveir-Laramide orogeny
marks a period of major mountain building along a northwest trending front throughout the North American continent. The timing of the
Laramide orogeny varies across North America, but it is broadly attributed to the late Cretaceous to early Paleocene. In northeastern
Mexico, the Laramide orogeny resulted in the reactivations of Early Mesozoic rift-related basement faults. Cretaceous strata situated
on the Coahuila block experienced low intensity deformation forming a broad, southeast-plunging anticlinal dome. Laramide deformation
also formed the Sierra Madre Oriental fold and thrust belt to the south of the Coahuila block and the Coahuila fold belt to the north
of the Coahuila block in the Sabinas Basin 

49 

6.2 PROPERTY GEOLOGY 

6.2.1 Sierra Mojada Stratigraphy 

The rocks at Sierra Mojada record
an Early Cretaceous transgression beginning with subaerial redbeds and near shore beach sandstones followed by carbonate rocks deposited
in shoal, lagoonal, shelf, and platform environments. At Sierra Mojada, Lower Cretaceous rocks are overlain by younger redbed and breccia
units as shown by Gryger in Figure 13, which separates the regional stratigraphy into the allochthonous and autochthonous blocks. 

50 

Figure 13. Time Correlation Diagram
of the Sabinas Basin Stratigraphy 

51 

Stockhausen (2012) refined the local
stratigraphy as employed on the Sierra Mojada Project in Figure 14 and renamed a distinct and local portion of what was historically called
the Cretaceous San Marcos formation, as the Tertiary Upper Conglomerate. 

Figure 14. Stratigraphy on the Sierra
Mojada Project by Stockhausen (2012) 

 Note: The stratigraphy as employed on the
Sierra Mojada project by Stockhausen (2012) who conducted an independent investigation of the Upper Conglomerate unit. As noted in text,
the Upper Aurora formation is often known as the Georgetown formation of the gulf coast, but the name has lost its usage in Mexico. The
Upper Aurora is a diagenetic dolomite unit mined by Pe oles at Sierra Mojada for its magnesium content, and is locally referred
to as the Pe oles dolomite and Mina Dolomita. 

 6.2.2 Allochthonous Stratigraphy 

 6.2.2.1 San Marcos Formation 

The San Marcos Formation has been described
throughout Coahuila and has been the focus of several investigations in the Sierra Mojada district as noted by Stockhausen (2012). Regionally
within the Coahuila terrain, the San Marcos Formation is up to 1,000m thick with the thickest sections present north of the San Marcos
fault which indicates that this fault was active during deposition of the unit. In the Sierra Mojada district, the San Marcos Formation
has a thickness of approximately 70m in drill core. The unit consists of Lower Cretaceous alluvial strata composed of conglomerates containing
andesitic volcanic pebbles within a siliceous matrix and several meter thick siltstone units (Figure 14). 

52 

6.2.2.2 La Mula
Formation 

The La Mula
Formation occurs throughout northeastern Mexico and forms an unconformable surface above the San Marcos Formation. The La Mula is believed
to represent a change from an alluvial depositional environment to a near shore beach environment. In the Sierra Mojada district the La
Mula Formation is known as the Sierra Mojada Sandstone (Figure 14). It crops out within an overturned sequence south of the town of Sierra
Mojada and consists of fine- to medium-grained, subrounded to rounded, well sorted quartz sandstone up to 25m in thickness. The siliciclastic
rocks of the La Mula and San Marcos Formations have been historically targeted for sediment-hosted stratiform copper deposits by several
companies. 

 6.2.2.3 Cupido
Formation 

 The Cupido Formation is the lowest stratigraphic
carbonate unit of Mesozoic age throughout much of northeastern Mexico. In the Sierra Mojada district the contact between the La Mula Formation
and the overlying Cupido Formation is gradational and is approximately 90m thick. The basal portion of the unit contains medium grey colored
skeletal grainstone and wackestone with local mudstones that display a moderate degree of bioturbation. These strata are thought to have
been deposited in restricted lagoonal and peritidal environments. The upper portion of the Cupido Formation at Sierra Mojada contains
brown-grey packstones and grainstones with some oolitic lenses suggestive of deposition in a high energy shoal depositional environment. 

 Note: Sabinas Basin stratigraphy with descriptions,
separated into allochthonous and autochthonous blocks. Not all units are documented at Sierra Mojada (Gryger 2010). 

 6.2.2.4 Upper Conglomerate 

The Tertiary age Upper Conglomerate
unit is arguably the most controversial lithology in the district (Figure 14). Various companies and authors have referred to the unit
as the Menchaca formation, Upper San Marcos formation, ferruginous breccia, limonite breccia, residual breccia, Ralph and X .
On the project, the Upper Conglomerate is defined and logged separately from the generic ferruginous breccia (Fbx) which is described
as an alteration facies under Figure 14. The unit is significant in that it is a major host rock to high grade silver-copper mineralization
in the Sierra Mojada district, Figure 15). 

53 

Figure 15. Ferruginous Breccia 

 Note: Ferruginous breccia above limestone
and below San Marcos formation conglomerate (purple) from the Norte a area near the Encantada shaft (Thorson 2010). 

 Stockhausen (2012) and Thorson (2010) refer
to the Upper Conglomerate as an unconformable surface and interpret the unit to be a local scale, surface karst feature. Observations
underground though, show a consistent association with low angle faulting. 

 An alternative and most likely interpretation
is that the Upper Conglomerate is in fact the San Marcos Formation that has been thrust over the top of the younger limestone sequence
by low-angle thrust faults and has locally been mixed with younger sediments in stream beds and outwash plains. 

 6.2.2.5 Limestone Megabreccia 

The Limestone
Megabreccia is the youngest stratigraphic unit observed at Sierra Mojada (Figure 14). The unit is a clast-supported breccia composed of
variably weathered, angular to subrounded, pebble to boulder sized clasts of Aurora Formation and Upper Aurora Formation limestone in
a matrix of calcite with lesser quartz. The Limestone Megabreccia differs from the Cretaceous carbonate units in displaying highly variable
orientations of the limestone clasts and abundant joints, but does not appear to be cut by faults. Unlike Quaternary alluvium in the district,
the Limestone Megabreccia contains only limestone blocks, lacks well-rounded clasts, contains minor to no shale to silt matrix material,
and has a much higher resistance to weathering. It is separated from the Upper Conglomerate by a detachment or low angle fault. 

54 

6.2.3 Autocthonous Stratigraphy 

 6.2.3.1 Coahuila Basement Complex 

Within the Coahuila basement complex
at Sierra Mojada, the project lies at the juxtaposition of three important litho-tectonic elements; the Permian-Triassic Coahuila basement
block, the Cretaceous Sabinas Basin, and the San Marcos-Rio Bravo Triassic-Tertiary transcurrent fault zone and associated conjugate structures.
The Rio Bravo fault zone is also known as the La Babia fault zone. 

 6.2.3.2 La Casita Formation 

The La Casita formation is not known
in the Sierra Mojada district, but is well-known in the regional stratigraphy. 

 6.2.3.3 Cupido
Formation 

 The Cupido formation in the autochthonous
block is the same lagoonal-peritidal facies as in the allochthonous block 

 6.2.3.4 La
Pe a Formation 

The La Pe a Formation overlies
the Cupido Formation throughout northern Mexico. In the Sierra Mojada district the formation consists of a series of coarsening-upward
cyclical limestone units. The base of each cycle is typically a dark grey to black colored carbonaceous mudstone. Tops of individual cycles
generally are brownish grey packstone or wackstone with coarser-grained strata and often contain large fossils. The upper portion of the
La Pe a Formation is less fossiliferous and consists of thick beds of light grey packstone and wackestone. The total thickness
of the La Pe a Formation at Sierra Mojada is approximately 60m. The cyclical nature and relative abundance of argillaceous material
in the La Pe a Formation carbonate rocks at Sierra Mojada suggest that they were deposited in a lagoonal environment. 

 6.2.3.5 Aurora
Formation 

The overlying Aurora Formation is
the principal host rock for the sulfide and oxide mineral deposits at Sierra Mojada (Figure 14). The Aurora Formation crops out along
the cliffs at the southern boundary of the Sierra Mojada valley. Structural deformation of the Aurora Formation at Sierra Mojada has made
it difficult to determine the total thickness of the unit and it is thermally metamorphosed in thin section throughout the district. However
geological mapping and drill sections suggest it has a thickness of approximately 500m. The basal portion of the Aurora Formation contains
mostly grey to brown micritic mudstone and wackestone with some fine-grained fossil debris. The basal portion of the formation grades
upwards to distinctly more fossiliferous, medium grey wackestone and grainstone with discontinuous intervals containing lobate chert nodules
and minor mudstone. The Aurora Formation sequence is typical of open marine platform to shallow slope environments . 

55 

The Aurora Formation at Sierra
Mojada is overlain by the Upper Aurora Formation. This unit contains fossiliferous grainstone and wackestone similar to much of the limestone
in the Aurora Formation. The unit has previously been termed the Georgetown Formation in some reports (Hodder, 2001, internal report.).
However, the Georgetown Formation is the stratigraphic equivalent to the Upper Aurora Formation along the Texas Gulf coast and this nomenclature
is general not utilized in northeastern Mexico. The Upper Aurora is regionally a diagenetic dolomite and is locally referred to as the
Pe oles Dolomite due to the local open pit magnesia mine operated by Pe oles known as Mina Dolomita. There is no metallic
mineralization know to be associated with this unit besides the magnesium. 

6.3 SIERRA MOJADA STRUCTURE 

The Sierra Mojada district is dominated
by three sets of structures, each with a unique influence on the geology and mineralization of the project. These structures are related
to the San Marcos-La Babia shear couple regionally and later basin-and-range extension (Figure 16) and locally present a structurally
 dense architecture which has had a profound influence in the amount and styles of mineralization present. 

6.3.1 San Marcos Fault 

The San
Marcos fault zone is the oldest fault present in the district. The San Marcos, regionally, records at least four separate movements from
the Jurassic to the early Tertiary. From Jurassic through early Cretaceous time, the San Marcos recorded three separate periods of normal
movement, down-dip and stepping basin-ward towards the north. In the Sierra Mojada district, the San Marcos faults strike N78 West and
dips at 65 degrees to the North. The northern most, and most recent step records a 100m down-drop. 

 During the Laramide Orogeny the San Marcos
reactivated as a reverse fault, with left lateral-oblique slip movement from the northeast. Locally, this reverse movement is referred
to as the Sierra Mojada thrust fault, due to the prominent exposures underground. Some observers have suggested that the low-angle structures
represent a detachment surface. In the Sierra Mojada district, the reverse movement surface varies from 0 to 60 degrees to the north and
 roles in several locations, along with back thrusts dipping to the south. Offsets are from 6 to 45 meters. The early normal
faults related to the San Marcos system are thus over-ridden by the later reverse movements. This period of reverse movement was noted
on the La Babia fault zone on the north side of the Sabinas Basin. 

56 

6.3.2 North East Structures 

 Cutting the San Marcos structures are a series of northeast trending
structures exemplified by the Callavasas, Parre a, and Veta Rica faults, which are believed to be conjugate structures related
to the San Marcos-La Babia shear couple. Throughout northern Mexico, northeast structures are associated with mineralization from depth
and at Sierra Mojada these northeast structures are believed to be the original sources of hydrothermal mineralization in the district.
The northeast structures a typically normal and high angle, dipping 90 to 65 degrees and down-dropped to the southeast. Off sets are not
well documented due to later structural off sets and mineralization. 

 6.3.3 North-South Structures 

The youngest
structures in the district are normal high angle structures varying from 0 to 20 degrees strike, 90 to 55 degrees dip and are down-dropped
to the east and west, forming a series of horst and graben structures across the district. These structures are believed to be related
to basin-and-range movements and typically show offsets of 5 to 25 meters. The North-South structures are important at Sierra Mojada as
they are a major inheritor of remobilized supergene and oxide mineralization and many of the historic workings trace these structures. 

 Figures 16 to 22 include a new and revised geologic map of the
district (after Israel 2013 2014) with representative cross sections and long section through each of the three main portions of
the mineralization. 

57 

Figure 16. Local Geology (Israel 2013-2014) 

58 

Figure 17. Sierra Mojada Deposit with
locations of the cross section for the next 5 figures 

59 

Figure 18. Cross Section 632250E through
the Fronteriza Zone at Sierra Mojada looking East. 

60 

Figure 19. Cross Section 631500E through
the Centenario Zone at Sierra Mojada looking East 

61 

Figure 20. Cross Section 630300E through
the West Zone at Sierra Mojada looking east. 

62 

Figure 21. Long Section 3016750N through
the Fronteriza Zone at Sierra Mojada looking south. 

63 

Figure 22. Long Section 3017500N through
the West Zone at Sierra Mojada looking south. 

64 

6.4 HYDROTHERMAL SUPERGENE ALTERATION 

Diagenetic dolomite is well documented
in the petroleum literature of northeastern Mexico, particularly in the Cretaceous section, and is of interest to petroleum and metals
resource explorers due to the fact that the dolomitization process can increase the porosity of the unit by 15-20 . Against this backdrop,
mineralization at Sierra Mojada is directly associated with extensive, hydrothermal dolomitization and moderate to strong silicification,
both of which occurred prior to and during primary hypogene sulfide mineralization. The hydrothermal alteration observed at Sierra Mojada
is typical of many high-temperature, carbonate-hosted Ag-Pb-Zn-(Cu) deposits in northern Mexico (Megaw et al., 1988). Stockhausen (2012)
documents distinct zones of intense sericite alteration associated with sulfide mineralization. This has been interpreted to represent
the distal expression of felsite intrusive activity. 

 6.4.1 Diagentic
Dolomite 

To the east
of the Sierra Mojada district the carbonate section has been pervasively dolomitized, apparently along northeast-trending faults. This
area is the site of the active Pe oles dolomite quarry. The Aurora Formation is also pervasively dolomitized in the western portion
of the district, in the area of overturned section near the Sierra Mojada village. Diagenetic dolomitization represents the introduction
of brines from adjacent evaporite-rich basins and is not known to carry base or precious metal mineralization but is believed to be part
of the host rock preparation stage for later metals mineralization. 

 6.4.2 Epigenetic
Dolomite 

Irregular pods of completely hydrothermally
altered dolomitized limestone surrounded by zones of partially diaigenetic dolomitized limestone occur in outcrop throughout the Sierra
Mojada district. These dolomitized zones may be up to tens of meters thick and occur both along northeast trending faults and along the
upper contact of the carbonate section with overlying Upper Conglomerate. The Sierra Mojada sulfide bodies occur primarily but not exclusively
within dolomitized horizons. Hydrothermal dolomite represents the influx of higher temperature hydrothermal fluids prior to and during
hypogene sulfide mineralization. At Sierra Mojada, hydrothermal dolomitization is expressed by a distinct tan to pink colored, fracture
controlled alteration throughout the district. 

 6.4.3 Silicification 

 Two phases
of silicification are noted at Sierra Mojada, an early pre-sulfide mineral phase, and a late syn- to post-sulfide mineral phase. The early
phase affects carbonate rocks throughout the Sierra Mojada district, especially those within or adjacent to fault zones, and display varying
degrees of silicification and jasperoid development. Limestone clasts in tectonic, dolomite, and karst breccias are frequently pervasively
replaced by very fine-grained, light grey to dark blue, anhedral quartz, something noted in all petrographic work conducted on the project. 

65 

Early
fine-grained silicified limestone is locally cut by later medium- to coarse-grained, subhedral quartz veins that occur along faults and
at the contact with the Upper Conglomerate. This coarsegrained quartz is commonly associated with lead, zinc, silver, copper, and iron
sulfide and oxide minerals and is spatially associated with zones containing iron- and magnesium-rich replacive carbonate minerals and
sulfides or their oxidized products. Typically there is a decrease in silica content moving outward from the structures, something noted
in the district dating back to 1901 (Chisholm 1901) 

 Silicification is not common within high-temperature,
carbonate-hosted Ag-Pb-Zn-(Cu) deposits in northern Mexico and is only noted at the Charcas, Santa Eulalia, La Encantada, and Sierra Mojada
deposits (Megaw et al., 1988). 

 6.4.4 Sericitization 

 Sericite is commonly present in the
ferruginous breccia and within the Upper Conglomerate. Areas containing abundant sericite occur above northeast-trending faults near the
historic Veta Rica workings and in the deeper working below the San Salvador and Fronteriza shaft areas. The formation of sericitized
zones well-up into the Upper Conglomerate indicates that this alteration clearly post-dates the major period of sulfide mineralization
at Sierra Mojada. Sericitization of the Upper Conglomerate and ferruginous breccia may represent continued movement of hydrothermal fluids,
or a second phase of hydrothermal alteration, along and above major structural pathways. 

Sericitization is relatively uncommon
in the Mexican high-temperature, carbonate-hosted Ag-PbZn-(Cu) deposits. One of the few deposits with significant sericitization is Santa
Eulalia where igneous rocks along mineralized faults are altered to massive sericite with arsenopyrite. 

 6.4.5 Carbonate Alteration 

 Two phases of carbonate alteration
are noted at Sierra Mojada, and early pre-and syn-mineral phase and a late phase associated with ongoing supergene processes. The hydrothermal
dolomite found throughout the district is cut by a later assemblage of ferroan to magnesian-rich replacement carbonate minerals, which
occur along northeast-trending faults and at the upper contact of the carbonate section. This assemblage of ankerite, siderite, and magnesite
locally cuts and replaces diagenetic dolomite and previously undolomitized limestone. 

66 

The carbonate minerals are fine-grained
and are relatively similar in grain size to earlier diagenetic dolomite. They display pink to red colors at surface but have a pale grey
color where unoxidized. These carbonate minerals also may be enriched in lead and strontium and commonly display abundant very fine-grained
dendritic manganese oxide minerals. The iron- and magnesium-rich carbonate minerals are intergrown with iron and base metal sulfides and
barite indicating they were precipitated during the initial mineralization event (Renaud and Pietrzak, 2010,). The red and pink carbonate
minerals are commonly intergrown with iron-oxide and zinc-oxide minerals. 

Late calcite veinlets occur throughout
the Sierra Mojada district, but are most prevalent along the Sierra Mojada fault zone. The calcite veinlets are typically 1-20cm wide
and cut carbonate rocks, the ferruginous breccia, and the Upper Conglomerate. The calcite in these veinlets is fine-grained, anhedral,
and commonly intergrown with zinc-, lead-, and iron oxide minerals and acanthite; it may contain inclusions of barite (Renaud and Pietrzak,
2011). Coarse-grained calcite with normal to zincian compositions also locally replaces limestone, silicified limestone, dolomite, and
iron- and magnesium-rich replacive carbonate rocks, as well as the matrix of the ferruginous breccia adjacent to zones containing late
calcite veinlets. Calcite veinlets crosscut sericitized Upper Conglomerate rocks indicating that this alteration event occurred after
sericitization. These calcite veinlets and replacive calcite zones were just recently formed and are interpreted to be ongoing supergene
processes. 

 6.4.6 Argillic Alteration 

 Argillic alteration zones are found
throughout the Sierra Mojada district at the contact between Cretaceous carbonate rocks and the Upper Conglomerate. These light grey and
tan to tan-brown zones are clay-rich. Based on x-ray diffraction (XRD) analyses these zones are composed of kaolinite, illite, and halloysite
in addition to fine-grained quartz, limonite, hematite, and calcite. Tan-brown intervals contain more abundant clay relative to the light
grey colored, fine-grained quartz-rich material. The ferruginous breccia contains varying abundances of interstitial kaolinite and illite
with minor halloysite surrounding quartz and carbonate rock clasts, however the timing of formation of the ferruginous breccia and clay
is unclear (Renaud and Pietrzak, 2010). 

 6.4.7 Ferruginous Breccia 

 The Ferruginous Breccia is treated
here as a distinct alteration facies even though in core logging it is treated as a separate lithology, due to its direct association
with mineralization. The unit may actually be comprised of a mixture of Upper Conglomerate, Aurora Formation dolomite and limestone, karst
breccia, and limonite breccia. Clasts of medium- to coarse-grained, sub-rounded limonite after sulfide contain elevated concentrations
of silver and zinc. Clast shape suggests that they are detrital rather than representing in-situ sulfide precipitation. The presence of
both sulfiderich and oxide-rich clasts indicates that the ferruginous breccia formed after both the hydrothermal event responsible for
sulfide precipitation and supergene weathering of portions of the sulfide replacement bodies. 

67 

The base of the ferruginous breccia
is commonly highly irregular. Ferruginous breccia also fills fractures extending downward approximately 7m into the carbonate sequence.
These fractures may contain large, angular, cobble-sized limestone and replacive carbonate mineral clasts. Additionally, the ferruginous
breccia contains silicified carbonate clasts indicating that this finegrained silicification event took place prior to karstification.
The ferruginous breccia also occurs beneath fine-grained travertine in karst cavities within the limestone sequence. Thus, the ferruginous
breccia appears to represent both a surficial deposit formed by chemical and mechanical weathering of carbonate rocks and karst-fill material
(Thorson, 2010). 

The ferruginous breccia is commonly
overlain by the Upper Conglomerate. In some areas lenses of ferruginous breccia are interlayered with lenses of Upper Conglomerate suggesting
these units formed synchronously. The ferruginous breccia has not been identified outside of the Sierra Mojada district. 

 The ferruginous breccia at Sierra Mojada
is interpreted to represent surficial oxidation of exposed sulfide replacement bodies in the carbonate sequence as well as infill of karst
cavities formed by both normal weathering and acid generated during sulfide oxidation. 

68 

Figure 23. Ferruginous Breccia 

 Note: Ferruginous breccia above limestone
and below San Marcos formation conglomerate (purple) from the Norte a area near the Encantada shaft (Thorson 2010). 

6.5 MINERALIZATION 

 Sierra Mojada consists of two important
and diverse mineralizing models, accentuated by a locally dense structural architecture and are detailed in Chapter 8.0, Deposit Type: 

Development of a major Carbonate
Replacement Deposit (CRD) of lead-zinc-silver (copper), distal to the source intrusion. 

 The oxidation, supergene enrichment,
and second oxidation of the original sulfide deposit leading to the mineralization of current interest and resource development. 

69 

There are essentially two overlapping mineralized sections
to the Sierra Mojada district: 

The Silver Zone also known as
the Shallow Silver Zone (SSZ), also known as the Polymetallic manto of historic reference. 

 The Zinc Zone also known as
the Base Metal Manto (BMM). The BMM is subdivided into three further zones for descriptive purpose; the Pb Manto (Carbonate Manto of historic
reference), the Red Zinc Manto (Iron Oxide Manto of historic reference), and the White Zinc Manto. 

6.5.1 Shallow Silver Zone (Silver Zone) 

 The Shallow Silver Zone (SSZ), outcrops
on the surface on the west end of the district and dips under colluvial cover towards the east at about 10 degrees. The zone is ~3.3km
in length, up to 1km in width, and 100 to 300m thick. The SSZ is hosted in breccias of the Tertiary Upper Conglomerate unit, the ferruginous
breccia, and in reactive dolomite and limestone of the Cretaceous Aurora Formation. Significantly, mineralization is also controlled by
the dense array of structures in the district. Due to these structural and lithologic controls, mineralization develops in four configurations: 

Stratiform mantos, primarily
in reactive dolomite horizons and associated karst breccia features. 

 High-grade (>100g/t) veins,
primarily faults and chimneys related to the mixed structural architecture of low angle and high angle faults. 

 Unconformity controlled breccia
mineralization related to the Cretaceous-Tertiary weathering surface, although the unconformity demonstrates low-angle movement in many
localities. 

 Disseminated replacement mineralization
between the mantos and structures. 

6.5.2 Base Metal Mineralization (Zinc Zone) 

 Mineralization within the BMM begins
with the Lead zone in the highest stratigraphic position, followed by the Red Zinc zone, and the White Zinc zone. BMM mineralization is
primarily in manto configurations and each zone contains subordinate amounts of mineralization related to the other mantos described.
All of the manto mineralization dips towards the east at 10 degrees and are controlled by dolomite and subordinate limestone host rocks
within the middle Aurora Formation. The manto mineralization developed first from pyrite-sphalerite-galena semi-to massive sulfide mineralization
followed by oxidation and supergene enrichment by the processes detailed by Megaw (2009), Borg (2009), and Reichert (2009). 

70 

6.5.2.1 Lead Zone 

 Discussion
of the Lead zone is included to complete the geology and mineralization, as well as history of the project. Little of the Lead zone is
included in the current resource calculation, but is considered a future underground exploration target for silver. Most supergene mineralization
originated in the hypogene mineralization of the Lead zone mantos. 

 The Lead
zone was the original mineral discovery in the Sierra Mojada district and sustained mining in the district for the first 20 years until
its exhaustion in 1905. The manto was in what was historically known as the Snake , Manto , and Scraggly 
beds (Haywood and Tripplet, 1931) of the now defined middle Aurora Formation, and located stratigraphically above the Red Zinc zone. The
Lead zone was mined continuously for 4km of strike length, 30 meters of width and up to 6m in height. The lead zone graded 15 lead, 12
ounces per ton of silver, and produced 3.5 million tons of ore (Shaw, 1922) from cerrusite-anglesite, chlorargyrite and native silver.
Mineralization was centered on the northeast striking Parre a structure and was accessed through the Parre a tunnel located
near the current core shack. 

 6.5.2.2 Red Zinc Zone 

 The Red
Zinc zone is a continuous manto some 2,500m along strike, up to 200m wide, and up to 160 m thick. It averages about 80 m in thickness
and about 130m in width. The mineralization follows reactive dolomite host rocks and karst fill breccia historically known as the Santa
Getrudia, Hallazgo, and North Encantada (Haywood and Triplett, 1931) horizons in the middle Aurora Formation. The manto dips to
the east at about 10 degrees following the dip of the local stratigraphy and is located in the footwall of the Sierra Mojada fault. 

 Mineralization
consists of massive hemimorphite (Zn Si )O (OH) H O), with subordinate amounts of smithsonite (ZnCO and minor hydrozincite (Zn (CO (OH) ). The Red Zinc manto is admixed with strong iron-oxide with minor manganese
oxide imparting a red color to the zone. Massive red zinc manto mineralization is surrounded by a halo of fault and fracture controlled
red zinc a result of supergene processes, primarily but not restricted to the footwall. 

 The mineralization
is vuggy and shows replacement of zebra textures as well as laminated cavefloor and soft-sediment deformation. Relic pyrite, galena, and
sphalerite have been noted although the overall level of oxidation is strongly pervasive. The lead oxide platternite (PbO is common.
Massive Red Zinc zone mineralization typically grades approximately 20 to 30 Zn and approximately 55g/t Ag. Typical examples of the Red
Zinc are shown in Figure 24. 

 The full
extent of the Red Zinc zone remains to be completely delineated. Multiple Red Zinc zones are noted in the district and one, the Yolanda,
is currently being exploited on a small scale by a local mining cooperative. 

71 

Figure 24. Typical Specimens of Red
Zinc showing Composition Variation 

 Note: Historically, the Red Zinc Manto was known
as the Iron oxide Manto. From Hye In Ahn, 2010 

72 

6.5.2.3 White Zinc Zone 

 The White Zinc zone (smithsonite manto)
lies underneath the Red Zinc zone and forms a series of mantos, chimneys, and filled structures. The zone consists of two bodies approximately
100-200 meters across each and up to 70m in thickness. The two bodies of mineralization are separated by the Campamento fault which has
down-thrown the east body relative to the west body. The thickest section of the Red Zinc zone directly overlies the White Zinc zone at
about the 631700E section where total zinc mineralization is in excess of 200m thick. 

The mineralization follows reactive limestone
and dolomite host rocks and karst fill breccia historically known as the Trinidad horizon (Haywood and Triplett, 1931) in
the lower Aurora Formation. Mineralization shows classic karst cave-floor accumulation and soft sediment deformation. Mineralization also
shows a very strong structural component occupying steeply dipping faults in the zone and the full extent of the White Zinc manto remains
to be determined. 

Mineralization in the White Zinc
zone consists primarily of smithsonite with very minor overprinting hemimorphite, and is slightly higher in zinc grade than the Red Zinc
zone. There is very little iron oxide and low levels of lead. Massive White Zinc zone mineralization grades approximately 25 to 40 Zn
and grades approximately 3g/t Ag. Typical examples of the White Zinc are shown in Figure 25. 

73 

Figure 25. Typical Specimens of White
Zinc showing Textural Variation. 

 Note: Historically, the White Zinc Manto was known
as the Smithsonite Manto. From Hye In Ahn, 2010 

74 

6.6 DEPOSIT TYPE 

 Data and information are taken from
Megaw (1988, 1996, and 2009), Sillitoe (2009), Reichert (2009), Borg 2009, Sanchez et al (2009). 

The Sierra Mojada deposit lies
on within three known mineral provinces: 

The eastern edge of what is
termed the Mexican silver belt. 

 The western edge of the MVT Province
of NE Mexico and SW U.S. 

 The middle of the northern Mexico
CRD (Carbonate Replacement Deposits) belt. 

The currently accepted model for hypogene
mineralization in the Sierra Mojada district is a CRD relatively distal from an intrusive source as diagramed in the district schematic
showing Figure 26. 

Figure 26. Schematic Drawing through
the Western Portion of the Sierra Mojada Mining District. 

 Note: Schematic drawing
through the western portion of the Sierra Mojada mining district showing critical elements of the CRD model as applied to exploration
and development in the district. 

75 

6.7 SIERRA MOJADA POLYMETALLIC
PB-ZN-AG-CU DISTRICT 

 Megaw (1988) classified Sierra Mojada
as a CRD type of deposit and, following his classification system of CRD deposits in 1996, Sierra Mojada would be considered as a Type
III CRD with no direct connection to an intrusive source. However, Megaw (1996) indicates that the major polymetallic Pb-Zn-Ag-Cu districts
in northern Mexico show metal sourcing to be a mixture of basin brines and magmatic sources, and suggests that basin dewatering was a
magmatic thermal driven event, as opposed to a strictly compressional event. Indeed, Sanchez, et al (2009) make a strong argument that
Sierra Mojada is part of the NE Mexico MVT province. 

Abundant direct and circumstantial evidence
exists at Sierra Mojada, based on 2011 and 2012 exploration drilling, that intrusive rocks are present and were likely the thermal drivers
of basin brine sourced mineralization into a district wide metal zonation. This evidence includes: 

The drill hole B12074 collared
at the top of Mesa Blanca intersected 58m, from 432 to 490m depth, of felsite sills interleaved with metamorphosed dolomite, intense massive
and stockwork silicification, and disseminated base metal sulfides. 

 Breccia float in a zone 450m
distance from the above drill site with angular chalcopyrite fragments, jasperoid, and mimetite (Pb (AsO Cl) more
indicative of a hydrothermal breccia pipe than the local mapped Upper Conglomerate unit. The pipe is located along the main strand of
the San Marcos fault. 

 Chargeability highs in a zone
trending east from Mesa Blanca to the historic and west towards the Volcan mine area, a distance of 2km. 

 A distinct zone of sulfide
mineralization surrounding and extending north from the historic Veta Rica mine which includes chalcopyrite, tennantite, argentiferous
galena, arsenopyrite, and sphalerite; implying a formation temperature >300 C. 

 A center of strong sericite alteration
coincident with the chargeability highs and sulfide mineralization around the Veta Rica-San Jose-Deonea historic mine areas. Additional
strong sericite alteration is noted with chalcopyrite in the deepest portions of the San Salvador, Encantada, and Fronteriza workings
along the strike of the San Marcos fault. 

6.8 SULFIDE MINERALIZATION 

 Megaw (2009) describes the typical distal
sulfide mineralization in CRD districts, and that observation is directly applicable to Sierra Mojada. The original sulfide mineralization
at Sierra Mojada consisted of pyrite, galena, sphalerite, chalcopyrite, arsenopyrite, and tennantite; in a gangue of quartz, carbonates,
barite, and likely some fluorite with minor celestine. It is believed that up to 30 of the original mineralization was gangue minerals
at Sierra Mojada. 

76 

The hypogene sulfide mineralization was
fed into reactive dolomite horizons and karst features in the Upper Conglomerate and Aurora Formations by the San Marcos and Northeast
fault systems. On a district zoning scale, likely based on an intrusive thermal driver located in the Veta Rica-Mesa Blanca area, the
lead manto was deposited furthest from the center, followed by the zinc mantos, with district copper mineralization centered in veins
and mantos around the historic Veta Rica mine. 

Silver zonation tends to begin in the
copper zone and extent outward into the lead zones. The original hypogene silver mineralization was likely dominated by argentian varieties
of galena, sphalerite, chalcocite, and tennantite; as well as acanthite-argentite. These minerals have all been documented by Renaud and
Pietrzak (2011a and 2011b). 

This style of district zoning has been
noted CRD districts in Utah, Colorado, New Mexico, and Chihuahua and around numerous cordilleran porphyry districts. Due to the extreme
oxidation of the Sierra Mojada sulfide mineralization, only minor remnants of galena, sphalerite, and pyrite have been noted in the zinc
mantos, and geochemically immobile cerussite and anglesite are all that remain in the galena mineralization in the lead mantos. Silver
sulfide minerals are still present when they have not oxidized to halides Figure 27. 

Figure 27. Iron-lead Silicate Mineral
Crosscut by fracture filling silver. 

 Note: Iron-lead
silicate mineral crosscut by anastomosing fractures filled with argentite (bright fractures) and enclosing fragments of zinc silicate.
Renaud and Pietrzak (2011b). 

77 

6.9 OXIDE MINERALIZATION 

 Reichert (2009) describes the oxidation-supergene
enrichment sequence on the sulfide-nonsulfide zinc deposits at Mehdi-Abad and Koladahrvazeh in Iran. The non-sulfide zinc mineralization
in the Sierra Mojada district is directly analogous to the Iranian deposits, while the oxidation of the silver mineralization at Sierra
Mojada requires a separate discussion. Figure 28 shows the oxidation and supergene enrichment (after Reichert 2009) as it pertains to
Sierra Mojada. 

Figure 28. Development of the Red Zinc
and White Zinc Zones. 

 Note: Development
of the Red Zinc and White Zinc zones as a result of oxidation and supergene enrichment at Sierra Mojada. (Modified from Reichert, 2009). 

78 

Hypogene Pb-Zn-Ag-Cu sulfide
mineral mineralization in the Sierra Mojada district underwent intense oxidation, followed by supergene enrichment, followed by a second
oxidation event. The Late Tertiary to Quaternary events were accelerated by the intense structural development during a period of rapid
climate change as the region went from a savanna climate in the Pliocene to the cool-wet climates of the Pleistocene to the hyperaridity
of the Present. The non-sulfide zinc mineralization at Sierra Mojada would classify as about 70 direct replacement and 30 wallrock replacement,
primarily in structures; according to Hitzman (2003). 

Under oxidizing conditions in limestone-dolomite
host rocks Sphalerite (ZnS) readily oxidizes to its carbonate equivalent, Smithsonite (ZnCO under high partial pressure of CO .
Upon relaxation of the partial pressures of CO , Smithsonite alters to hydrozincite (Zn (CO (OH) prior
to the addition of silica leading to the formation of hemimorphite (Zn Si O (OH) H O), the most stable
form of nonsulfide zinc. Note that as sphalerite (64 Zn) converts to smithsonite (52 Zn) and finally to hemimorphite (54 Zn) and that
the true supergene enrichment is in the conversion of smithsonite to hemimorphite. The abundance of iron in the sphalerite and the presence
of iron-sulfur bacteria accelerate the process tremendously. 

 As detailed by Sillitoe (2007) supergene
enrichment of silver sulfides is a relatively rare phenomenon. Instead, the silver sulfides of argentite-acanthite (Ag S) readily
oxidize to silver halides (AgCl and AgBr) and native silver. Argentite-acanthite (87 Ag) converts to clorargyrite (75 Ag) and bromargyrite
(57 Ag) leading to an enrichment by generating more grains of silver halide minerals, with the excess Ag taken up by the
native form (Figure 29). 

Figure 29. Late Stage Calcite Veins. 

 Note: Late stage
calcite veins are remobilizing Ag-Br-Cl and is the transporting mechanism for late stage remobilization of silver-bearing phases into
adjacent dolomite-rich areas. Renaud and Pietrzak (2011b). 

79 

7 EXPLORATION AND DRILLING 

7.1 HISTORICAL 

 The mineralization in the Sierra
Mojada area was discovered in 1879, and early exploration was conducted by prospecting the outcropping ore. By the 1920 s, diamond
drilling was widely used in the district and the subsurface exploration and development included workings and drifting on structures.
Underground diamond core and long hole percussion drilling using relatively short, small diameter B size holes, was widely
used beginning in the 1930s through the 1990 s. 

Modern exploration of the Sierra
Mojada district began with the Kennecott efforts in the early 1990s which included stratigraphic tests by surface diamond drilling and
geophysical techniques. Kennecott conducted extensive regional Controlled Source Audio Frequency Magneto Telluric (CSAMT) and Resistivity-Induced
Polarization (IP) surveys to the north of the Sierra Mojada Range from Palomas Negras to El Oro in the east. These surveys were performed
by Zonge Engineering of Tucson. 

The Mexican government has flown
aeromagnetic and radiometric surveys for much of northern Mexico, but the data yields only regional structure information and a few obvious
intrusions. There is not an abundance of igneous rocks, other than deep crystalline (Jurassic to Triassic) basement, known in the area,
but subtle signatures of younger diorite to felsite rocks can be detected, including the various mineralized types, that are expected
to have high magnetic or radiometric susceptibility. 

Beginning in 1996, Metalline Mining began
to collect and compile the historic mine maps, drill core assays to develop new surface and underground mine maps and samples. Channel
samples were extensively used to identify areas of interest, followed by long hole percussion drilling to extend samples away from old
workings, and finally, underground and surface core drilling to extend the sampling further. Surface trenching of bulk metallurgical samples
was undertaken in 2010. 

7.2 NATURAL CONDITIONS 

 Bedrock exposures in the area are
poor to excellent depending on slope and in areas that have been previously mined. As a result, geochemical methods have had mixed success
as an exploration tool. High percent range background values for zinc and lead are common local to zinc-lead deposits, but gradients and
vectors that lead to mineral concentrations are just now being recognized. Geochemical rock sampling of targeted stratigraphy in conjunction
with structural analysis is the most important exploration and evaluation tool. 

80 

The hyperaridity of the area leads
to mass physical dispersion rather than chemical dispersion of metals. Soil development is poor with little or no organic material and
conventional soils and low level trace element geochemical surveys are not useful in the area. The amount of carbonate and iron-manganese
inhibits migration of metallic ions in this environment. 

7.3 SILVER BULL EXPLORATION 2011-2017 

 Silver Bull s exploration program can be broken
into two areas: 

A Regional exploration effort on
existing licenses and prospects. 

A near mine underground channel sampling to highlight areas of immediate
potential resource expansion. 

7.3.1 Regional and Prospect Evaluation 

 Silver Bull Resources has integrated
an abundance of information, both public and private, in its district and regional exploration efforts in Mexico. From the public
side, the Mexican government s regional geophysical surveys in conjunction with its regional 1:250,000 scale stream sediment and
geologic mapping surveys provide a usable base for prospect evaluation when used with targeted stratigraphy and structural analysis. In
addition, Silver Bull has employed SRTM (Shuttle Radar Topography Mission) and Landsat ASTER images compiled by Sandra Perry of Perry
Remote Sensing, Denver, Colorado, to develop remote sensed hydrothermal alteration models of select target areas. Silver Bull also flew
a regional airborne EM (ZTEM) survey in 2011 to act as a base for regional license exploration. 

In addition, Silver Bull engaged
in a program of detailed structural analysis of the Sierra Mojada district as well as a detailed time, lithologic, and biostratigraphic
compilation of the project area during 2014. Extensive use of petrography has aided considerably in the interpretation and paragenetic
sequencing of mineralization. The use of outside specialists in this regard has been particularly useful in all aspects of the program.
Table 7 outlines the prospects of interest to Silver Bull while Figures 32 shows the locations of the Sierra Mojada license with the associated
license and prospect areas outlined in Table 7. 

81 

7.4 SOUTH32 JOINT VENTURE 2018-2019 

 ON June 4, 2018 announced it had
signed a deal with South32 Limited granting it a 4-year option to form a 70/30 joint venture. Under the option, South32 had to contribute
a minimum exploration funding of US 10 million Initial Funding during a 4-year option period with minimum aggregate exploration
funding of US 3 million, US 6 million and US 8 million to be made by the end of years 1, 2 and 3 of the option periods respectively. If
South32 exercised its option to subscribe for 70 of the shares of Mexican subsidiary Minera Metalin S.A. De C.V. Metalin ),
South32 would contribute an additional US100 million to Metalin for Project funding 

From June 2019 to September 2019
mapping, sampling, and then drilling where conducted exploring the wider area outside of the main deposit at Sierra Mojada. A total of
6,500m was drilled on prospects outside of the main deposit at Sierra Mojada. Although some narrow mineralized intercepts were hit, it
was not deemed significant. A summary of the results from this drilling is shown in the table below. Locations of the drillholes are shown
in Figures 30 31. 

Table 6. Summary of the main drilling
conducted under the South32 Joint Venture. 

82 

Figure 30. Drilling 950m east of the
main deposit, testing mineralization at depth. 

Figure 31. Regional exploration drilling
locations and results along the Sierra Mojada trend. 

 On 1 September
2022, South32 terminated the option agreement with Silver Bull citing an inability to access the property due to an ongoing illegal blockade
that started on 30 September 2019 by a group of locals demanding early payment of a production royalty. On one of the licences in that
make up the licence package at Sierra Mojada. The illegal blockade remains in place at the time of writing this report. 

83 

Table 7. Summary of the main Regional Prospects at Sierra
Mojada 

Prospect 
 License 
 Location 
 Description 
 Metals 
 Target 
 Data to Date 
 Remarks 
 
 Sierra Mojada Ext. East 
 Sierra Mojada 
 Adjoining resource to the NW and SE for 30 km 
 Extensions along SM thrust NW and SE for 30 km 
 Ag-Zn-Pb 
 CRD-Skarn 
 18 surface dump/ outcrop samples 
 Anomalous (>10ppm) Ag w/ As+Mn+Zn+ , Ba pathfinder geochemistry. 
 
 Sierra Mojada Ext. West 
 Sierra Mojada 
 Direct extension of resource 
 Massive sulphide target down-dip from existing CRD mineralization 
 Ag-Zn-Pb- 
 CRD-Skarn 
 Two drill intercepts, historic production records 
 Surface IP completed, u/g exploration and sampling in progress. 
 
 Parre a 
 Sierra Mojada 
 Direct extension of resource 
 Manto target adjoining resource on south 
 Ag-Zn-Pb 
 CRD 
 U/g evaluation started,11 
 Needs additional u/g surveying, model development. Exploration on hold. Low priority target. 
 
 Dormidos 
 Sierra Mojada 
 8 km NW Esmeralda 
 Located along same NE structure as San Francisco 
 Ag-Zn-Pb 
 CRD-Skarn 
 113 dump/ oc/ ug samples 
 Anomalous Ag-Zn-Pb w/ pathfinder geochemistry. Exploration onhold at this time due to market conditions. 
 
 Cola Sola 
 Sierra Mojada 
 29 km WNW Esmeralda 
 Along NW extension SM fault 
 Ag-Au 
 CRD-Skarn 
 Mapping/sampling in-progress 
 Drill plan submitted, further exploration on hold at this time due to market conditions 
 
 San Francisco 
 Sierra Mojada 
 9 km WNW Esmeralda 
 Strong Cu porphyry indications 
 Ag-Zn-Pb- 
 CRD-Skarn 
 Mapped/sampled, drill tested 2011 
 Further exploration not planned at this time 
 
 Palomas Negras 
 Sierra Mojada 
 13 km WNW Esmeralda 
 Setting similar to Sierra Mojada 
 Ag-Zn-Pb-Au 
 CRD-Skarn 
 Mapped/sampled extensively 
 Exploration on hold at this time due to market conditions 

84 

Figure 32. Regional Exploration Prospects
in the immediate Sierra Mojada area. 

85 

7.4.1 Underground Channel Samples 

 Channel sampling has been a significant
part of the underground exploration effort at Sierra Mojada. Channel samples are collected from the walls ribs of underground
workings by a supervising geologist who has selected the channel sample location, painted the position of the sample on the mine wall,
and wrote the sample number on a sample sack that was suspended from a nail at the sample point. The sampler marks the approximate sample
location on a mine map and reports the sample number of each sample on a daily sampling report. At the sample location, sampling crews
spread a drop cloth, clean the face, and cut a sample about 2 cm deep and 10 to 20 cm wide. The sample was transferred to a
large plastic sample sack and about 5 to 6 kilograms of sample are transported from the mine to the sample preparation area. Samples are
typically 1-2 meters in length. Sample location, length and orientation are subsequently determined by the surveyor using tape and compass
surveying tied to nearby pads located by first order surveying. After sampling, the sample locations are surveyed and entered into the
database. To the best extent possible, a representative and proportionate volume of material is collected in each sample of the composite
vein, fault, breccia and wallrock material. 

 Sample density for channels is considerably
greater than for diamond core at 2 to 20 m spacing. There are approximately 13,000 channel samples in the site-wide sample database covering
an area of 180 hectares. 9027 channel samples were used in modeling the resource. 

 Approximately 90 of all channel samples
were collected prior to Silver Bull s involvement in the project and about five percent of the samples have been re-sampled for
verification and approximately 70 of the locations have been verified. There are now 9027 usable channel samples in the database with
associated QA/QC and surveyed locations. These have been useful in mapping out extensions to the main deposit. 

7.5 EXPLORATION CONCLUSIONS 

 Silver Bull Resources has integrated
an abundance of information at the deposit scale and district scale for its exploration efforts in Mexico. The Mexican government s
regional geophysical surveys in conjunction with its regional 1:250,000 scale stream sediment and geologic mapping surveys provide a usable
base for prospect evaluation when combined with targeted stratigraphy and structural analysis. A summary of the findings to date include: 

Petrography has aided considerably
in the interpretation and paragenetic sequencing of mineralization. 

86 

A detailed structural analysis
of the Sierra Mojada district has shown the likely plumbing system for the mineralization in the area and delineated other
areas with similar potential. 

Magnetic and Electro-magnetic
geophysical surveys have aided greatly in helping delineate areas of high interest. 

Geological mapping and sampling
in areas with historical workings show there is a favourable rock unit to host mineralization and also put constraints on the timing of
mineralization. 

Alteration mapping coupled
with the style of mineralization seen in the area suggests yet to be found buried intrusive rocks are the likely genesis of the mineralization. 

7.6 DRILLING 

 Drilling is updated from SRK (2012),
JDS (2013) and Tuun AFK (2015). Throughout its history, the Sierra Mojada deposit has been drilled extensively by surface diamond
core, underground diamond core, surface reverse circulation and underground long hole percussion drilling. There are now 5,382 drill holes
in the database of which only 3,823 are suitable for resource calculations. Tables 8 and 9 document the extensive history of the drilling
programs to the present. No new drilling results have been included since the JDS 2013 report for this resource estimation. The following
text is taken from Tuun AFK (2015). 

7.7 HISTORIC DRILLING PRE-1999 

 Numerous drill holes exist in the Sierra
Mojada project area for which locations and or assays are missing and for which few records exist. One drill hole though, B6, completed
in 1900, is a 150 meter surface drill hole which has consistently been included in resource calculations. Kennecott Exploration drilled
nine core holes in the area in 1995 (SM1 SM9), for 3403.85 m. Only 2 of the holes are within the district and those did not
carry significant assays. The local Norte os drilled 873 long holes between 1930 and 1950 for 22,435 m. T h e se
h ol es w ere dri l l ed
 f r o m
numerous u n d e r g r o u nd
 s t ati o ns
 i n r a di ati n g
 f an p a tt e r ns.
 T h e dri l li ng
was co n ce n tr a t ed
on f o u r s e p a r ate
 a r e a s
a l o n g t he
 t r e n d
 o f s il v er
 m i n e r a li z ati o n.
 W i t h i n
 t h e se f o u r
areas, u n d e r g r o u nd
s t a ti o n s
are t y p i ca l l y
sp a ced 20 m a p a r t
 w i t h
a v era g e h ol e
d e pt h s 25 m
r es ul t i n g
 i n v ery d e nse
dri l li n g .
 A r e a l
co v era g e o f
 t h e se l o n g
h ol es i s a p pro x i m ate l y
9 h e c t are s, 
and none of these drill holes is suitable for resource calculations. Many long-hole locations are recorded, with assays, but verification
is not possible. 

87 

7.8 METALLINE MINING CORPORATION (MMC) 

 MM C
p u r ch a sed
a l l o f t he
a v a il a bl e
h i s t oric d at a
 f r o m
 P e o l es
in 2000, much of which is still in usable condition. T h i s
 i nc l u d ed
e a r l y
1 9 0 0 s u n d e r g r o u nd
 m a p s ,
d r i l l
h ol e f o li o
da t i n g
 fr o m 1 9 3 0
 t o 1950 a n d a f ew
 l ate 1 9 8 0 s
 r e p o r t s.
 T he dri l l h ol e
 f o li o i nc l u d ed
 the 873 l o n g
holes. 

 7.8.1 MMC Drilling Campaign of 1999 

 Metalline
drilled t w e n t y- f o u r
h ol es fr om su r f ace
 (R991 R999) us i n g
 r e v erse c i r cu l ati o n
 f or a t otal o f
6,628 m . T h i s
dri l li ng co v ers
28 h ecta r es a n d
 i nte r ce p t s
 t he Red Zinc a n d
 Shallow Silver Zones . A p p r o x i m ate l y
h al f of t he h ol es
 w ere dri l l ed
 v er t i c a l l y
a n d t he r ema i n i ng
h ol es w ere a n g l ed
 wi t h inclinations r a n g i n g
 fr o m v er t i cal
 t o 54 . These drill holes have been used in resource calculations since 2011. 

7.8.2 MMC and North Limited Campaign of 2000 

MMC entered a joint venture with North
Limited of Australia in 2000. North drilled a string of 26 reverse circulation holes (NSM1 NSM27) over a linear distance of approximately
3.5 km down the long axis of the known Red Zinc Manto for 6,783 m. All holes were drilled vertically. These drill holes have been
used since 2011 in project resource calculations. 

7.8.3 MMC Underground Drilling Campaign of 2001 

MMC drilled 73 underground long holes
for 1,068 meters in 2001 (L632500S45- L631855NE15). These holes were drilled from several underground stations in radiating fan patterns.
This drilling is located at the western extent of the Red Zinc Manto. For reasons related to sample quality, these holes were not used
for resource calculations until verification in 2012 by Silver Bull Resources. 

88 

Table 8. Drill Hole History Sierra Mojada Project 1900-2009 

Drilling Campaign 
 Hole Series 
 # of Holes 
 Type 
 Surface/U.G. 
 Meters 
 Resource 
 Remarks 
 
 JDS 2013 
 SRK 2012 
 Nilsson 2011 
 PAH 2010 
 
 1900 
 B36 
 1 
 Surface 
 
 150 
 No 
 Yes 
 No 
 No 

Historic 1930-1950 
 Historic Long holes 
 873 
 Norte os 
 U.G 
 22,435 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 No 

SMW1 - SMW6 
 6 
 Rotary 
 Surface 
 1572.25 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 May have been Water wells 
 
 Kennecott 1995 
 SM1 - SM9 
 9 
 HQ/NQ 
 Surface 
 3403.85 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 License wide, two holes near SM 
 
 MMC 1999 
 R991 - R999 
 24 
 RC 
 Surface 
 6,628 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 No 

North Ltd 2000 
 NSM1 - NSM27 
 26 
 RC 
 Surface 
 6,783 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 No 

MMC 2001 
 L631500S45 - L631855NE15 
 73 
 Long holes 
 U.G 
 1,067.60 
 Yes 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 35 holes used in resource 

1500-1700N/S 
 32 
 Long holes 

Yes 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 32 holes used in resource 
 
 Pe oles/MMC 
 E900 - E1200, OT6, 
 39 
 Core 
 Surface 
 11,830 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 Yes 

2002-2003 
 W060704, KCC8 

A0 - M6 
 37 
 Core 
 U.G. 
 2,557 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 Yes 

E100-600,W400- 
 685(?) 
 Long hole 
 U.G. 
 10,729 
 Yes 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 PAH noted 685 LH, only 618 valid 

W600, 0, 0-0 series 

Yes 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 documented, 116 in-resource 
 
 Metalline (MMC) 
 D1080729 - 
 90 
 Core-HQ/NQ 
 Surface 
 13,060.75 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 

2004-2009 
 D9090818 

B09001 - B09013 
 13 
 Core-HQ/NQ 
 Surface 
 2,171.15 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 No 

D01040124 - 
 650 
 Core 
 U.G 
 65,052 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 

D9080807 

R060707 - R060926 
 8 
 RC 
 Surface 
 2,938 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 No 
 Water well and condemnation 

L040228136 - 
 2253 
 Long hole 
 U.G. 
 31,272 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 No 

L406092503, L1-25 

L209 

89 

Table 9. Drill Hole History Sierra Mojada Project 2010-2013 

Drilling Campaign 
 Hole Series 
 Hole 
# 
 Type 
 Surface/ 
U.G. 
 Meters 
 Resource 
 Remarks 
 
 JDS 
2013 
 SRK 
2012 
 Nilsson 
2011 
 PAH 
2010 
 
 MMC 2010 
 B10001 - 10099 
 101 
 Core-HQ/NQ 
 Surface 
 12,512 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 No 
 B10001-B10071 

R0001 - R0048 
 48 
 RC 
 Surface 
 6,879 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 
 R10001- R10034 
 
 Silver Bull 2010 
 R10001 - R10034 
 33 
 RC/HQ 
 Surface 
 5927.85 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 No 

2011 
 SF11001 - SF11013 
 10 
 Core-HQ/NQ 
 Surface 
 1,662.77 
 No 
 No 
 NA 
 NA 
 San Francisco Canyon 
 
 2011 
 B11001 - B11185 
 186 
 Core-HQ/NQ 
 Surface 
 33,221.90 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 
 NA 

2012 
 B12001 - B12083 
 80 
 Core-HQ/NQ 
 Surface 
 19,125.20 
 Yes 
 Yes 
 NA 
 NA 

2012 
 P12001 - P12012 
 13 
 Core-HQ/NQ 
 U.G. 
 4055 
 No 
 No 
 No 
 NA 
 Parre a Tunnel 
 
 2012 
 Termite T12001 - 12105 
 101 
 BQ Core 
 U.G. 
 3670.75 
 Yes 
 NA 
 Na 
 Na 
 Silver twin holes and/or exploratory holes 
 
 2012 
 Termite T12106 - T12207 
 105 
 BQ Core 
 U.G. 
 3467.46 
 Yes 
 NA 
 Na 
 Na 
 Zinc twin holes and/or exploratory holes 

90 

7.9 MMC AND PE OLES JOINT VENTURE 2002-2003 

 A joint venture agreement was made with
Pe oles in November of 2001. Two different exploration teams from Pe oles spearheaded the drilling activities. One team
focused on the eastern end of the deposit targeting the Red Zinc Manto in 2002 and 2003. This consisted of both diamond core and long
hole drilling from underground and diamond core drilling from surface. The second team drilled core holes from surface targeting SSZ on
at the western end of the property. The joint venture dissolved in late 2003. 

 7.9.1 Surface Diamond Core 

 The joint venture completed thirty-nine
diamond core holes drilled from the surface for 11,830 m total. On the eastern end of the property 34 diamond core holes, generally
labeled the E900 to E1200 series, were drilled on fences spaced 200 m apart east of the Fronteriza mine toward the Oriental mine,
a distance of 1 km. The holes were spaced 50 to 100 m in a north-south direction along the fences. 

 The Pe oles program at the western
end of the property followed up the North Limited drilling in the vicinity of the San Antonio mine, 2 km west, which confirmed and
extended the silver mineralization. Five core holes were drilled from surface for about 1,300 m. The drill hole locations are irregularly
spaced, and cover an area of approximately 7 hectares. The drill hole series are believed to be the W200 to W300 series, not to be confused
with underground long holes with similar numbers. 

7.9.2 Underground Diamond Core 

Thirty-seven diamond core holes were
drilled from underground for 2,557 m. These holes were drilled from several underground drilling stations in radiating fan patterns
and are of the A0 to M6 series. Drilling stations are typically spaced 50 to 100 m apart in an irregular pattern. This drilling covered
approximately 7 hectares, mostly over the Red Zinc mineralization. 

7.9.3 Underground Long Hole 

Primarily in 2002, 685 underground long
holes were drilled for 10,729 m. These are generally labeled the E100 to E600 and W400 to W600 series. Typically, these holes are
drilled from several underground stations in radiating fan patterns. Spacing of the underground stations is typically less than 20 m
and hole lengths average 13 m resulting in very dense drilling. These holes intercept much of the Red Zinc Manto and SSZ mineralization
east of Easting 630,700. The Silver Bull 2012-2013 twinning program has verified the reliability of the majority of these drill holes
and the data was included in the JDS 2013 resource calculation. 

91 

7.10 MMC CAMPAIGN OF 2004 TO 2009 

 Upon the termination of the Pe oles
joint venture, Metalline resumed district exploration with a very aggressive program of surface and underground core, underground long
hole, and surface RC drilling primarily targeting the zinc resource. 

 7.10.1 Surface Diamond Core 

 MM C
dri l l ed 1 0 3
 N size d i amond dri l l
h ol es f r o m
su r f a c e
 f or 1 5 , 231 m
from 2006 2009 (D1080729 D9090818 and B09001 B09013) . T he s u r f ace
 d r illi ng
was comp l eted a l o n g
 f e n ces ori e nted
n o r th- so u t h
with 100 m spacing and drill h ol e sp a c i ng
 v ar y i ng
 fr o m 50 m t o
200 m. T h e
 m a i n co n ce n tr a t i on
of dri l li ng c o v ers
a p prox i m ate l y
20 h e c t ares i n t erce p t i ng
 t he SSZ j ust
 w est o f t he
 Red Zinc M a n to .
 V er t i cal
d i p i s c o mm o n l y
us e d, h o w e v er,
a n d d u e t o
 l oc a t i on
 r e s t r i c t i o ns,
s o m e h ol es
are a n g l ed, dri l l ed
 w i t h
d i ps up t o 60 d e gree s . 

 M M C
u p d a t ed
 t he su r f ace
dri l li ng pra c t i ces
emp l o y ed d u r i ng
 t he M M C
a n d P e o l es
dri l li ng campa i g n
 o f 2 0 02 t o
2 0 0 3 and l a r g e l y
 m i t i g a t ed
 t he core and sample r ec o v ery
 i ssu e s by employing s op h i s t i cated
 m u d a n d
b i t se l ecti o n,
and employing a well-known contractor, Major Drilling de Mexico. 

7.10.2 Underground Diamond Core 

MMC drilled 650 underground diamond drill holes for 65,052 m
(D01040124 D9080807) in the 2004 2008 periods. These holes were drilled from several underground drilling stations in
radiating fan patterns. Drilling stations are typically spaced 50 to 100 m apart in an irregular pattern. This drilling covers approximately
52 hectares intercepting most of the known Red Zinc Manto and Shallow Silver Zone mineralization east of Easting 631,200. 

7.10.3 Surface Reverse Circulation 

MMC drilled eight reverse circulation
holes (R060707 R060926) from the surface for 2,938 meters in 2006. These were water well and condemnation holes drilled in an
irregular and widely spaced pattern testing areas east and north of the underground workings. Of these eight holes, only R060926 intercepted
the known silver mineralization. For reasons related to sample quality, these holes were not used for grade interpolation. 

92 

7.10.4 Underground Long Hole 

Twenty-two hundred fifty three underground
long holes were drilled by Metalline Mining in 2004-2009 for 31,272 m. The drill hole series are variously numbered, typically prefixed
with an L . These holes were typically drilled from several underground stations in radiating fan patterns. Spacing of the
underground stations was less than 50 meters and hole lengths average 17 meters, resulting in very dense drilling. The drill holes intercept
much of the Red Zinc manto and Shallow Silver mineralization east of Easting 630,700. 

7.11 MMC CAMPAIGN OF 2010 

7.11.1 Surface Diamond Core 

 In 2010, MMC completed 101 surface HQ/NQ
drill holes (B10001 B10099) for 12,512 m property wide. Drilling was undertaken using three Metalline-owned diamond drill
rigs and three drill rigs operated by drilling contractors. Contract drilling was performed by two companies. Baja Drilling S.A. de C.V.
used a skid- mounted Longyear 48 machine to complete three holes. However, most contract drilling was performed by Landdrill International
M xico S.A. de C.V. with a skid-mounted HTM 225 machine. 

 The drilling was completed along fences
oriented North-South with drill hole spacing of 40 to 200 m. The principal concentration of drilling covers an area of approximately
40 ha, and intercepts the SSZ just west of the Red Zinc Manto. Vertical inclinations were used in the majority of holes with some holes
angled up to 60 . 

7.11.2 Surface Reverse Circulation 

In 2010, MMC also drilled 48 reverse
circulation holes (R0001 R0048) for 6,879 m. These were principally in-fill holes between core locations. Forty-eight RC pre-
collar holes were drilled. Thirty-one of these holes were completed by core drilling. In areas of deep quaternary cover RC pre- collar
holes were drilled either close to the base of QAL contact or close to the Upper Conglomerate lower contact. RC drilling was performed
using a Th-100 Tandem truck mounted 7.15.4 Sampling Security during Core Cutting drill used by contractor Layne de Mexico S.A. de C.V. and a smaller truck mounted CDR drill, owned
and operated by Metalline. 

93 

7.12 SILVER BULL CORE DRILLING CAMPAIGNS OF 2011-2013 

Procedures described for Silver Bull
are modified and updated from Nilsson 2011. Beginning in April of 2011, Silver Bull Resources assumed full control of the Si7.15.4 Sampling Security during Core Cutting erra Mojada
project and revamped all drilling, core handling, logging, and assay procedures. Drilling included surface and two underground campaigns.
As part of their due diligence review of the Sierra Mojada project, Silver Bull drilled 33 RC/Core holes (R100001 R10034) for
5,927.85 m. 

 7.12.1 Surface Diamond Core 

 Major Drilling de Mexico was the contractor
employed to complete 186 HQ/NQ surface core holes in 2011 (B1101 B11185) and 80 holes in early 2012 (B120001 B12083) for
a total of 52,347.1 m. Major employed a UDR 650 drill rig with a reversible head and compressor, which allowed RC drilling to pre-determined
depths, switching to HQ core when entering mineralized stratigraphy. 

7.12.2 Underground Diamond Core 
 In early 2012, Silver Bull turned its
attention toward underground drilling in the district and completed two underground drilling campaigns by year s end. The first
was in early 2012 when Silver Bull completed 13 drill holes in the Parre a Tunnel for 4,055 m of core. The program provided
significant information regarding local structures and stratigraphy but did not materially add to the resource. The Parre a Tunnel
remains a significant exploration target but will require a significant amount of rehabilitation of the underground workings. 

 The second underground drilling program
of 2012 was the long hole twinning program recommended by SRK in their 2012 resource statement. This program commenced in July 2012 and
terminated on the Christmas break in mid-December 2012. The program targeted 105 drill holes for twinning and exploratory for 3,670.75 m
of drilling in the Shallow Silver Zone, and 88 drill holes for 3,467.46 m in the Red and White Zinc mantos of the Base Metal Manto
zone. The layout of the program is shown in Figure 33. Note that multiple holes were drilled from one setup or drill station. 

 A total of 207 termite holes were drilled;
one (T12008) was not included in the resource estimation due to very poor recovery. The termite drill program is summarized in Table 10. 

94 

Table 10. Termite Drill Program 

Type of Hole 
 Total 
 Silver 
 Zinc 
 
 Count 
 Meters 
 Count 
 Meters 
 Count 
 Meters 
 
 Twin Holes 
 122 
 3,445.45 
 53 
 1,590.95 
 69 
 1,854.50 
 
 Exploration Holes 
 84 
 3,202.58 
 46 
 1,834.98 
 38 
 1,367.60 

95 

Figure 33. Layout of the 2012-2013
Drilling Program 

96 

The drilling was accomplished by Silver
Bull Resources owned termite drills, which are small, hydraulic-electric core drills that are easily manoeuvred underground.
The drill produces a BQ size drill hole and is capable of up-hole drilling. The maximum length of a drill hole is about
70 m, depending on ground conditions. Core recovery for the entire program was excellent considering the structural complexity of the
deposit. Figure 34 demonstrates a typical underground drill station set-up. 

Figure 34. Typical Set-Up of the Termite
Drill during the Long Hole Twin Program, 2012-2013 

7.13 SULPHIDE
 DRILLING 2017 

 An underground geological mapping and continuous
underground channel sampling program in July and August 2017 identified a series of east-west trending high angle structure hosting sulphide
mineralization below the oxide zone of mineralization. A 2,000 meter underground drill campaign targeted this area with considerable success.
However due to the very different metallurgical process required to beneficiate the sulphide ore, none of this drilling from this campaign
is included in the estimation of the oxide resource outlined in this report. 

97 

7.14 SILVER
 BULL CORE DRILLING AND SAMPLING PROCEDURES 

 Silver Bull Resources employs state of
the art exploration procedures in all of its work at Sierra Mojada. All data is managed in Microsoft Excel or Access, with the Excel files
imported directly into Geovia Software s GEM s for 3D modeling. Data is also transformed to a visual format
in MapInfo. 

 All survey data is imported into AutoCAD,
and the information required for the resource estimation is transferred to GEMS. The following procedures apply equally to the surface
core drilling programs as well as the underground core drilling programs. 

 7.14.1 Collar and Downhole Surveys 

 Drill holes were laid out on an approximate
100 m x 50 m grid. Drillhole locations were marked in the field by the company surveyor or geologist. Drill pads were then prepared
and final collar locations were marked by the surveyor. 

 When collar locations were located on
gravel sites a concrete pad with iron-rod attachment points were constructed. For pads on bedrock, jacklegs were used to create anchor
points for the drill rigs. Drill pads varied in size from 5 m x 5 m in size to 10 m x 20 m in dimension, depending
on the type and number of holes planned from that site. 

 After drill holes were completed, steel
pipes were inserted to mark the locations and concrete pads with drill hole numbers were poured to hold the pipes in place. The final
drill hole locations were surveyed by the company surveyor using a total station survey instrument. Geologists approved the final collar
surveys prior to entry into the database. 

 All drill holes were down hole surveyed
using Reflex survey instruments. Surveys were done using an EZ-Shot single survey instrument. Some holes were surveyed with a Reflex EZ-Trac
instrument. All Reflex results were recorded at the time of the survey. Surveys were performed by the driller, with a company representative
present, either a geologist or drill supervisor. 

7.15 Core Drilling, Handling, and Transportation 

All coring by contractor was done with
HQ or HQ3 core size, unless reduced to NQ size for operational reasons. Some holes with quaternary cover were predrilled using a tricone
bit, drilling down to a level close to the base of the cover or solid ground, this varied from 3 30 m. 

98 

Core
was removed from wire line core barrels at the drill rig and placed into waxed fiberboard core boxes. Core boxes were 60 cm in length
with 4, 5 or 6 divisions depending on core size. The driller s recorded end of run depth, drilled interval and core recovery on
blocks placed in core boxes. Where possible drillers also inserted an additional block indicating where the no recovery zones 
were located and if the no recovery zones were due to a void (old working or open space). Hole numbers and core box
numbers were written on the core boxes and lids. Core boxes were then tied up and at the end of the shift core boxes were transported
by truck to the core logging facility. Core transportation
from drill rig to the core logging facility was the responsibility of the driller. 

7.15.1 Core Logging Procedures 

When the core boxes were received at
the core logging facility, the core was placed on logging tables where the core was cleaned to remove drilling muds and additives. A minimal
amount of cleaning was performed on clay rich and poorly consolidated intervals. The core was reconstructed to ensure that the core was
placed in the boxes correctly and so that there was structural continuity for logging and sampling. 

 After reconstruction, the cut line for
core cutting/splitting was marked on the core. As far as possible, this line was placed perpendicular to the main structural orientation
 as indicated by responsible logging geologist. Core was also marked with dashed lines on the non-sample side to indicate that
it should remain in the box. 

 All core was photographed after cleaning
and orientation, generally before the recovery and geotechnical logging. Core was photographed using an indoor, special lighting and fixed
camera. All photographs included hole name, box number, box start and end depths and a scale bar. Photographs were downloaded onto a computer
at the logging facility for review by geologist before sampling. This was done to ensure photos were of good quality with no errors. Digital
core photos were renumbered by hole and box number and placed into drill hole specific folders. 

 Recovery and geotechnical logging, including
RQD was then performed by trained personnel. Any doubts or questions on recovery and core orientation were reviewed by the responsible
core logging geologist with all recoveries being compared to those indicated by the driller. In rare cases of discrepancy or core box
errors that could not be corrected by the geologist, the responsible driller(s) were required to correct the problem. To assist with logging,
down-hole depths were marked every meter. 

99 

Recovery and geotechnical information
was recorded on a run-by-run (block-to-block) basis. Information was entered into a spreadsheet. Recovery was variable with no
recovery intervals resulting from a variety of causes. Limestone rocks at Sierra Mojada contain many natural openings such as cavities
and karst features, and in most areas of the Shallow Silver Zone, old workings are a common feature and these were represented by no
recovery intervals as well as zones with backfill, which are harder to distinguish; and in clay, poorly consolidated karst breccia
or rubble zones. In addition, the drill core has Niton TM thermal XRF measurements taken approximately every 20 cm as a
guide to the beginning and ending of silver mineralization, which can be difficult to discern with the naked eye. 

 After inspection, mark-up, geotechnical
logging, and photography, geological core-logging was performed. Core logging formats evolved considerably when Silver Bull assumed control
of the project. Silver Bull employs a combination of initial manual graphic logging followed by digital logging and subsequent data entry.
Lithology types, alteration, mineralization and structural features were recorded on a 1:100 scale. 

7.15.2 Core Sampling 

Core was marked for sampling by the geologist
as part of the core logging procedure. Sample limits were marked on the core as well as the side of the core box. Sample intervals were
also noted on cut sheets. Intervals and sample recoveries were entered directly into a spreadsheet, with cut sheets subsequently printed
for core sawing. Samples were assigned a sample numbers based on hole number and a three or five digit sequential number; no sample
intervals were also assigned a sample number and were included on the cut sheets. 

 Quality control samples consisting of
blanks, core duplicates, and pulp standards were inserted in the sequential sample number sequence. Each sample number had the appropriate
sample interval or control sample indicated on the cut sheet as well as the sample action to be taken for intervals of no recovery or
contaminated material. 

 In addition to marking of samples for
assay intervals, bulk density samples were selected during the logging process. The density samples were approximately 10 cm in length
with density measurements taken before the core is split with the core cutter. Initially total of 3440 bulk density sample measurements
were compiled by Silver Bull incorporating samples measured on site by the pycnometer method and verified by ALS, and by the Archimedes
method and verified by SGS in Durango, Mexico. An additional 1,895 pycnometer density samples were taken in 2013 and 2014. 

100 

After logging and sample marking of the
hole was completed, the core was split in half using a core cutter. Once the core was cut in half, specially trained samplers were used
to sample the core. Based on the marking procedures, core was systematically sampled from the same side of the core, which has helped
to reduce the possibility of sample bias. The samples were placed in numbered sample bags, in which flagging tape with the sample number
was also placed in the bag and barcoded. Bagged samples were placed in numbered sacks with the content of each sack recorded for shipment
to the external laboratory. Sample sacks were placed in a locked storage area prior to shipment. Sample storage and shipments were controlled
by Silver Bull s QA/QC manager. 

7.12.3 Data Entry 

All logging and sampling data are entered
into spreadsheets. Density, recovery, and geotechnical data were entered into master spreadsheets, from which individual drill hole data
could be extracted. Data are entered by the logging geologists and then rechecked by a data verifier. This procedure was implemented to
allow geologists to concentrate more time on geologic logging and sampling. Sample data were also entered into drill hole based spreadsheets.
These were used to prepare cut- sheets for sampling. This data was prepared by the logging geologist. 

 Geological data were entered into the
drill hole based spreadsheets. These data were prepared by the core logging geologist. Manual core logging with subsequent data entry
into the Excel spreadsheet was implemented, with each of the logging geologists responsible for entering the data and passing the database
to the database manager who reviewed the entries for errors and database coding compatibility. Once the data had been checked, the data
were entered into the master database controlled by the database manager. 

7.15.4 Sampling Security during Core Cutting 

Once the samples were taken from the
core, they were bagged, organized and labeled by one specific person, signed off, and then kept under lock and key until shipped for assaying
to ensure no tampering had taken place. 

 After logging and sampling, the core
boxes containing the split core were transported to the core storage facility, a locked, fenced, roofed structure. The core boxes were
stored on commercially purchased core racks, with location identified on layout plans. The storage facilities were part of the security
watchman s responsibilities, who are present 24 hours on site. The company has four secure core storage facilities on site. 

101 

All core and samples are retained on
Silver Bull s property, except for samples sent to external laboratories for assaying. Access to the property is restricted by company
security personnel and chain gated entries to the property. The core logging area always has company personnel present, in the form of
core shed workers or company security personnel. 

 Coarse reject samples are stored in covered
200-litre steel drums in an outdoor storage area adjacent to the core shed. Sample pulps, grouped into boxes containing between 50 and
100 envelopes, are stored in the locked storage areas. 

102 

8 SAMPLE PREPARATION, ANALYSES,
AND SECURITY 

 The Authors note that no new data is being
added to the resource estimation since the resource report by Tuun and AFK (2015) and there have been no changes to the sample preparation,
analyses and security procedures utilized at the Sierra Mojada project, all of which have been described in detail in previous technical
reports. That information is reproduced in the following sections. 

8.1 SAMPLE PREPARATION 

 Prior to November 2003, all samples
were shipped directly to ALS Chemex (ALS) for sample preparation and assay. After November 2003, samples were prepared to the pulp stage
on site by MMC personnel. In 2007, MMC updated its laboratory equipment and sample preparation procedures following recommendations made
by ALS. In 2010, Silver Bull abandoned the on-site sample preparation and began shipping samples to ALS for preparation and assay. (SRK
2012) 

 JDS personnel were present for the April
2010 due diligence site (Dome Ventures-MMC merger) and noted that there was a significant backlog of unprocessed samples stored at the
site. Part of this was due to the inefficiencies of the onsite lab, and part a lack of funding. JDS recommended that the onsite lab be
closed to eliminate any potential concerns regarding the QA/QC and assay validity. 

 With the closure of the onsite lab, efforts
were made to ship them to a reliable and ISO-certified off site lab. A total of about 7,000 samples were shipped between August 2011 and
April 2012 to ALS-Chemex Chihuahua. Many of the assay results were incorporated into the Nilsson and SRK resource estimates. 

 JDS was present for the closure, cleanup,
and chemicals disposal of the onsite lab. Since that time, all sample preparation has been standard core-cutting, tagging and bagging
for shipment offsite to the ALS-Chemex facility in Chihuahua. From there, pulps were shipped to the ALS-Global lab in Hermosillo for assaying.
JDS has received copies of the assay files direct from ALS-Global labs since the introduction of the change, along with copies of the
shipping files from Silver Bull site staff. (JDS 2013) 

103 

8.1.1 MMC-SILVER BULL SAMPLE PREPARATION PROCEDURES (2010-PRESENT) 

 Drill core is delivered by the drill
contractor to the logging facility. The movement of the core, once delivered at the logging facility, is designed such that it is always
in an easterly direction as it goes through each phase of the logging and sampling process, entering on the west side of the facility
and leaving on the east side of the facility towards the sample storage area. 

 Initially, boxes are laid out in order
on the logging tables by company staff. The meterage blocks inserted by the drill contractor are checked to ensure there are no errors.
Drill core recovery between each of these blocks is calculated and recorded. Subsequently, the core is logged by a geologist who also
marks the intervals to be sampled and prints out a Sample Print Sheet , indicating sample numbers and the sample numbers for
the QA/QC sample insertion. At this point, Niton readings are taken in each sample interval and recorded. 

 Once logged, and with the sample intervals
marked, the core boxes are then taken to the photograph, density, and bar coding room. Here, each core box is photographed in a staged
facility that ensures identical lighting for each photograph. Density samples are taken (the samples to be taken are indicated by the
geologist) and the bar codes for each sample are then printed. 

 Following the photography, the boxes
are carried and stacked, ready for the core to be cut by a rock saw. Half core samples are taken according to the sample intervals marked
by the geologist and, when required (as indicated by the QA/QC program), quarter core field duplicates are also cut. 

 Samples for assay are placed in thick
plastic sample bags with the sample number written on them and a strip of flagging with the sample number written on it is inserted into
the sample bag. The bags are then stapled firmly shut. The samples are then placed into rice sacks, eight samples per sack. 

 From the start of the year until June
30, 2011, samples were shipped two or three times a week once one tonne of sample material had accumulated. The shipment was done with
company personnel and a company vehicle. As of July 1, 2011, sample shipment to the ALS preparation facility in Chihuahua has been subcontracted.
The subcontractor is a company that Silver Bull has used for a number of years for other services and is regarded as trustworthy and reliable.
Shipments are programmed weekly. 

 Once received by ALS, they check the
shipment and confirm via e-mail whether the samples shipped coincide with what is registered on the shipment form and analysis submittal.
(SRK 2012) 

104 

8.1.2 MMC SAMPLE PREPARATION PROCEDURES (2007-2010) 

 From 2007 to 2010, sample preparation
was done at the Sierra Mojada property by MMC personnel. Samples were first dried in a clean drying pan. After the samples were thoroughly
dried, the pan and samples were transferred to the on-site preparation facility. The samples passed through a Rhino crusher and then a
secondary crusher resulting in material that has been crushed to greater than 70 passing -10 mesh (-2 mm). The crushed samples
were split in a Jones splitter multiple times to generate a 250 to 300 g crushed sub-samples. The crushed sub-samples were then transferred
to a puck mill and milled for three minutes to attain a size specification of greater than 95 passing a -150 mesh screen. The pulverized
material was passed through a riffle splitter to generate two pulp sub-samples (one for analysis and one for reference). The pulp sub-samples
were transferred to individual sample bags. 

 The methods utilised by MMC were standard
and adequate for generating assay data for use in resource estimation. (SRK 2012) 

 8.1.3 MMC SAMPLE PREPARATION PROCEDURES (2003-2007) 

 All samples were weighed and their
weight was recorded before processing. The entire samples were then crushed to nominal -inch (in) sized samples using a Fraser
 Chalmers jaw crusher. The crusher was cleaned after each sample using compressed air. Once first stage crushing was completed, the
samples were then crushed to nominal -in sized samples using a Roskamp rolls crusher. The rolls crusher was also cleaned with
compressed air after each sample. All quality control was visual at both crushing stages and no testing for screen sizing was done at
either stage. After the second crushing stage, the nominal -in sample was split through a Jones type splitter to approximately
500 g, and placed in an aluminum pan, to be taken to the drying oven. Each pan was well labelled, with the contained sample number recorded
on masking tape, attached to the pan. 

 Drying was conducted in a block building
which has two propane space heaters, manufactured by Desa, Inc. The samples were placed upon drying racks, still in the aluminum pans,
and a heater was activated. Once dry, the pans and contained samples were returned to the sample preparation area for pulverizing. 

 Pulverizing was conducted upon the
 -in samples using one of four Bico disc pulverisers. The 500 g sample was pulverized to nominal 80 mesh, with visual and tactile
inspection performed upon each sample after pulverizing to ensure that the nominal 80 mesh size was achieved. No screen size testing is
done upon the pulverized samples on a regular basis. The pulverisers were cleaned with compressed air after each sample was processed.
Once pulverising was completed, each 500 g sample was split into two sub-samples, with a maximum of 200 g kept for each sub sample. These
two sub-samples were packaged in Kraft type envelopes; one 200 g sample was sent to the shipping area to be boxed and prepared for shipping
to the ALS laboratory in Vancouver, BC, Canada. The remaining 200 g sample was stored in archive storage, as a reserve sample, should
more analysis be required. All pulps were labelled with the sample number, which has all drill hole and interval data included, as well
as the date the sample was drilled. 

105 

The sample preparation methods used
from 2003 to 2007 are adequate for generating assay data for use in resource estimation. (SRK 2012) 

 Pincock, Allen Holt had reviewed the
process and made several recommendations to improve reliability which ultimately led to their S-K 1300 compliant Technical Resource Report
issued in January 2010. (JDS 2013) 

 8.1.4 MMC SAMPLE PREPARATION PROCEDURES (PRE-2003) 

 Prior to 2003, all sample preparations
were carried out by ALS laboratory using the following procedures: 

 Coarse crushing of rock chip and drill
samples to 70 nominal -6 mm was used if the material received was too coarse for introduction into the pulverizing mill, and as
a preliminary step before fine crushing of larger samples. Fine crushing of rock chip and drill samples to 70 -2 mm or better.
Samples were split sample using a riffle splitter. The split sample was pulverized using a flying disk or ring and
puck style grinding mills. Unless otherwise indicated, all pulverizing material was at least 85 pulverized to 75 micron
(200 mesh) or better. 

 These sample preparation procedures
are adequate for generating assay data to be used in resource estimation. (SRK 2012) 

106 

8.2 ANALYSES 

 (After Tuun AFK 2015, JDS 2013 SRK 2012) 

8.2.1 QUALITY ASSURANCE/QUALITY CONTROL (QA/QC) 

8.2.1.1 Historical QA/QC Procedures 

 PAH reviewed the QA/QC procedures
implemented throughout the life of the project and concluded that they were insufficient relative to current industry standards of practice.
As a result of these inadequate procedures, PAH was not able to classify its January 2010 resource estimate for Sierra Mojada as anything
higher than an inferred mineral resource. 

 To resolve this issue, MMC and PAH
developed and executed a re-sampling and assaying program to estimate the type, frequency, and magnitude of assay sample errors in the
historical drill hole database for the Sierra Mojada project. This plan was meant as a substitute of the QA/QC program that would resolve
PAH s doubts about the validity of the Sierra Mojada assay data. Based on the execution of the program and a detailed review of
the results, PAH concluded that the drill hole assay data for channel and core samples used in its January 2010 resource estimate were
of sufficient quality to support measured and indicated resources. As a caveat, PAH notes that converting inferred resources to measured
and indicated is contingent upon other factors not related to data quality (McMahon, 2010). SRK has reviewed the results of the additional
sampling program carried out by PAH and concurs with their conclusions. 

 In 2010 a QA/QC program of certified
standards, blanks and duplicates were instituted to monitor the integrity of all drilling assay results. Two sets of QA/QC procedures
were used by Metalline since the time of a QA/QC review performed by PAH (McMahon, 2010) on pre-March 2008 drill hole assay data: 

 The first set of QAQC procedures was
used for the submission of pulp samples for analysis by a certified laboratory. These pulps had previously been prepared and analyzed
by the Metalline on-site laboratory facility as part of a pre-selection process. All samples for 2008 and 2009 drill campaigns and all
2010 drilled prior to August 2010 followed these procedures; and 

 The second set of QAQC procedures
applies to samples sent directly to ALS for sample preparation and analysis. This procedure has been in place since August 2010 and includes
drill holes submitted since this time. (SRK 2012) 

107 

8.2.1.2 Pulp Submissions QA/QC Procedures 

 After sample preparation all samples
selected for certified laboratory analysis were located and placed in boxes ready for shipment. The same pulp envelope used for the original
analysis was selected for submission to the external laboratory. Each sample box contained between 60 and 120 pulp samples, including
control samples. The QA/QC control samples submitted in each box consisted of: 

 A minimum of three standard samples
were submitted, normally at least one of each of the three certified standards prepared for Metalline Mining by CDN Laboratories; 

 At least one blank pulp sample and
often two; 

 At least one, and generally two, field
duplicate samples or core samples) prepared but not analyzed by Metalline onsite during 2010. In general core
samples were submitted so as to leave witness core in the core box, however in broken zones the complete remaining half core was selected
for submission; and 

 At least one and generally two pulp
duplicate samples, with splits made from the original pulp sample to be selected within the same box. (SRK 2012) 

8.2.1.3 Core Submissions QA/QC Procedures 

 Control samples were inserted approximately
every 10 core samples. In addition, after every 25 core samples the following additional samples were inserted: a minimum of one certified
standard is included; a minimum of one field duplicate sample is included; and normally one blank sample is included and occasionally
blanks are preferentially inserted in a mineralized sequence outside of the normal 25 sample range. 

 In November 2010, the system was modified
slightly to ensure that controls samples were inserted at a standard interval of every 10 sample numbers. (SRK 2012) 

 This procedure is still in place for
any future drilling. 

8.2.1.4 Reference Standards 

 The Author (Reeves) noted that Metalline/Silver
Bull staff inserted certified reference standards as a quality check on the laboratory accuracy. The reference standards were prepared
by CDN Resource Laboratories Ltd. which specializes in preparing site specific certified standards. The three standards prepared are identified
in the database as K10001, K10002 and K10003. 

108 

Reference Standard K10001 

 A total of 245 standards were inserted
into the sample stream and only one was reported below the reference 2SDs. All samples were within three SDs of the reference mean (Figure
35). (JDS 2013) 

 Reference Standard K10002 

 A total of 223 samples of reference standard
K10002 were used, with 9 samples outside of the standards report 2SD limits (Figure 36). Two that were just above 3SD will require follow-up
checks by Silver Bull. The ALS-Chemex sample mean is also slightly higher than the reference mean by about 0.8 g/t Ag, but is not
considered to have an impact on the resource estimation. (JDS 2013) 

 Reference Standard K10003 

 A total of 199 samples of reference standard
K10003 inserted into the sample stream. It is clear from Figure 37 that the ALS-Chemex mean is about 3.5 g/t higher than the reference
standard mean. Even with this offset, all but three samples fell within 3SD. Silver Bull Resources will need to follow up on the cause
of the lab bias, which is quite consistent in this standard. (JDS 2013) 

109 

Figure 35. Graphical Performance of
Standard K10001 

Figure 36. Graphical Representation
of Standard K10002 

110 

Figure 37. Graphical Representation
of Standard K10003 

 8.2.1.5 Blanks Controls 

 Blank samples were used to check for
laboratory sample preparation issues and accuracy. These samples consisted of material that contained low but not below detection limits
grades of elements to be analyzed. Four types of blank sample material were used by Metalline: 

 Pulverized blank material obtained
from either rock samples or crushed material from the Pe oles Dolomita mining operation. Pulverized blank samples were prepared
and analyzed at the Metalline laboratory to confirm their blank nature; 

 Blank core samples were either 
or core samples of barren or low grade intervals selected from old drill core; 

 Blank crushed samples were typically
prepared form RC samples or blank rock samples, coarse rejects are generally used for this purpose; and 

 Blank rock samples were prepared from
rock samples, with part of the original sample analyzed by the Metalline laboratory when it was operating, to confirm the blank nature
of the material. 

 Discrepancies with blank samples were
resolved by re-assaying pulps or coarse rejects or both if material is available as well as selected samples in the nearby sample intervals. 

111 

Coarse blank material for the 2011
and 2012 drill holes were inserted at a rate of one in 40 samples. The blank sample came from drill core intercepts from previous
drill campaigns with low level or null concentrations of silver, zinc, lead and copper. The problem with this methodology is that there
is not a consistent grade range for the blank material selected. 

 There also is a lingering doubt as
to just how inert some of the selected blank material is. Five samples returned values above 5 ppm silver. Of those, two were
mislabeled standards. From the period of July 7 to July 20, 2011, fourteen blanks retuned values greater than 3 g/t including three samples
that returned values above 5 g/t that appear to indicate a problem with the assay preparation laboratory. 

 As of drill hole B11099 onwards a
different blank sample has been used and will be consistently used going forward. The sample BLANCO-DOL comes from a nearby dolomite mine.
(SRK 2012) 

 The Author (Reeves) reviewed the blanks
used in the drill program subsequent to the last resource report and found that 538 blanks had been inserted into the sample stream. Of
these, only nine samples returned greater than 0.6 g/t with one reaching 1.8 g/t Ag. The vast majority were at the detection
limit of 0.1 g/t Ag (Figure 38). 

Figure 38. Blank Performance between
July 2012 December 2012 

112 

8.2.1.6 Duplicate Samples 

 Duplicates are used to check on sample
homogeneity and laboratory precision. They were also used to detect issues associated with sample preparation. Silver Bull submitted both
pulp and coarse duplicate samples. Duplicate samples were submitted with a different sample number to that used for the original sample.
Discrepancies and inconsistencies with duplicate samples were resolved by re-assaying pulp, reject or both. (SRK 2012) 

 8.2.1.7 Pulp Duplicates 

 Pulp samples submitted to a second
certified laboratory were also used as a test of precision and accuracy. Pulp duplicates were submitted with the pulp samples, previously
analyzed by the Metalline laboratory. They were also submitted after results were been received from ALS as a check on laboratory precision.
(SRK 2012) 

 No pulp duplicates were run since the
last resource estimate. 

 8.2.1.8 Field Duplicates 

 (After JDS 2013) - Field duplicate
samples are set at every 20 th sample and are bracketed by either a blank or a standard. 

 Field duplicates are duplicate core samples
taken from selected core. The initial core was split into two core samples, one of which was submitted as the original
sample and one of which was submitted as the duplicate sample. 

 A total of 928 field duplicate samples
were taken as part of the QA/QC program for the 2012 drilling after the SRK 2012 Resource report. Of these, 124 samples assayed below
detection limit of 0.2 g/t with another 490 reporting less than 5 g/t silver. 

 Silver and zinc results were analyzed
for Relative Difference using the following formula: 

Of the remaining 314 samples assaying
greater than 5 g/t, 99 samples displayed a relative difference greater than 20 (Figure 39). 

113 

Figure 39. Silver Coarse Duplicate
Assay Results with 20 Confidence Lines 

The results of the duplicate samples
are acceptable given that the silver mineralization is to some extent fracture controlled and nuggety in nature. 

 For zinc, of the 938 samples four samples
were below detection limit in both instances., Out of the remaining nine hundred and thirty-four pairs, 232 samples showed a Relative
Difference of >20 . The majority of those samples are below ~0.70 Zn (Figure 40). 

114 

Figure 40. Zinc Field Duplicate Comparison 

 In summary, Silver Bull has had a Standard,
Blank, or Field Duplicate QA/QC insertion rate of about every one in nine samples. The Authors are of the opinion that the sample preparation,
security and analysis meets industry standards and is adequate to support a mineral resource estimate as defined under S-K 1300. 

8.3 TERMITE HOLE COMPARISION 

 8.3.1 INTRODUCTION 

 In 2013 SRK was engaged by Silver Bull
to carry out an analysis of the recently completed diamond drilling at the Sierra Mojada project. Specifically, SRK was asked to evaluate
if the Termite drilling (TH) could better define and document the apparent bias that appears to exist between Long Holes (LH) and surface
diamond drill holes (DH) on the property. The analysis was carried out on 206 TH and LH drilled in the same general area. The comparison
was carried out by Dr. Gilles Arseneau and Mr. Michael Johnson of SRK. This section is taken from the summary memo provided by Silver
Bull and previously reported by JDS (2013). 

115 

8.3.2 METHODOLOGY 

 T he
 t e r m i te
dri l l h o l es
 w e r e a l l
 c o ll a r ed
 f r om u n d e r ground
p l a t f o r m s
a n d are g e n e r a l l y
 s i t u a t ed
 i n areas w i t h
 h i g h
co n c e n t r at i on
of LH. A s w as ex p e c te d ,
 c o m p a r i ng
 t e r m i te
h o l es a nd
 l o n g ho l es
on a n a ss a y
to a ss a y b a s i s
was n o t v e r y
 s u cc e ss f ul
 F i g u r e
 41 . W h il e
 t h ere was g e n e r al
a g r e e m e n t
 b e t we e n
 t h e t wo
 t y p es
of dr i l l i n g ,
 s i g n i f i c a n t
 di ff eren c es
ex i s ted at t he
o n e t o t wo
 m et r e a ss a y
 i nt e r v a l s . 

Figure 41. Sectional Comparison of
Termite Hole LH Assays 

 Note: Grid is 5 m x 5 m. 

 For this reason, SRK decided to compare
the average grade of TH and LH over larger volumes starting with 5x5x5 m blocks, representing the block size used in the latest resource
estimate. For this comparison, the grade of all capped composites that were within a block volume from both types of drill holes were
averaged and compared on quartile/quartile (QQ) plots. The QQ comparison for zinc appeared to indicate that in general the distribution
of LH assays is very similar to the distribution of LH assays (Figure 42). 

116 

Figure 42. Comparison of Zinc for LH
 TH 

However, silver grades in the LH appeared
to be generally higher than in the TH, by about 25 (Figure 43 on the following page). 

 SRK cautions that the comparison is based
on a small number of blocks, less than 300, and that the differences noted between LH and TH could be an artifact of the data. 

 SRK also compared the LH and TH using
different block sizes from 10x10x10 m to 20x20x10 m and 50x25x10 m. SRK noted that while the differences between LH and
TH seemed to improve for silver the opposite was true for zinc. The apparent bias for silver dropped from 25 at a 5 m blocks to
less than 10 for the 20x20x10 m blocks, however the zinc bias increased to about 30 for the 20x20x10 m blocks (Figure 44). 

117 

Figure 43. Comparison of Silver in
LH versus TH in 5 m Blocks. 

Figure 44. Comparison of Zinc in LH
versus TH for 20x20x10 Blocks 

 B e c a u s e
of t h e d i ff i c u l t i es
w i th we l l -i n f o r m ed
b l o c k -to-block
 c o m p a r i s o n s
a n d b e c a u s e
 o f t h e s m a l l
n u m b e r
of b l o c k s
a v a i l a b l e
 f or c o m p a r i s o n ,
 S R K d e c i d ed
to est i m ate b l o c k
grad e s u s i ng
LH, T H a n d DH d a ta
a n d t h e n
co m p a r e
 o n l y
t h o s e b l o c k s
t h at h a d b e e n
 e s t i m at e d
 b y t he t hree
 t y p e s
of d a t a . 

118 

T he
b l o c k s
 w ere e s t i m at e d
 fr o m a m i n i m u m
of f iv e a nd
a m a x i m u m
 o f 18 c o m p o s i te s .
 T he s e a rc h
 w as s et to 90 m a l o n g
str i k e, 70 m ac r o s s
 s tr i k e
 a nd 5 0 m d o wn
 d i p. T he
est i m at i o n
re s u l t ed
 i n o v er
 1 0, 0 00 b l o c k s
b ei ng e s t i m at e d
 b y t he t h r e e
 d ata t y p e s .
 A s pr e s e n ted
 i n the pr e vi o us
 s tu d y ,
t h e b l o c k
e s t i m at e d
silver gra d es f r o m
LH a ss a y s on the Q Q
p l o t w ere
on a v er a ge t w i c e
the b l o c k es t i m at e d
 s i l v er
gr a d e s f r o m
DH a ss a y s
 F i g ure
 45 . 

Figure 45. Comparison of Estimated
LH DH 

H o w e v er,
 t he c o m p a r i s on
of LH a nd T H e s t i m at e d
 s i l v er
 b l o c k
grad e s s h o w ed
a v e r y g o od
 a gre e m e n t
 f or g r a d es
 l o w er
 t h a n 1 2 5 g/t
 A g Fi g u r e
 46 . 

 A comparison of estimated block grades
for zinc from LH and TH assays showed a generally good agreement for grades lower than 6 (Figure 47). 

119 

Figure 46. Comparison of LH TH
for Estimated Blocks, all Rock Codes 

Figure 47. Comparison of LH TH
for Estimated Blocks, all Rock Codes. 

 T o
 f urther e v a l u a t e
 t h e d i ff e r e n c es
b e t ween LH a n d
 T H , S R K
 e v a l u a ted
the t w o d a ta
 t y p es
 b y i n d i v i d u a l
 r o c k c o d e s .
 T he r e s u l ts
of t h e a n a l y s es
 i n d i c ate
 t h a t t he
d i ff eren c es
b e t ween L H
 a nd T H are n o t
 c o n s i s t e n t
o v er the e nt i r e
 S i er r a
M o j a d a
 m i n e r a li z a t i o n .
 S i l v er
 i n t h e
 T H s e e m ed
to be h i g h e r
t h an i n t he
LH f or r o c k
50 a b o v e
70 g/t) w h i l e
 t he o p p o si te
 i s true f or r o c k
 c o d e 1 0.
Cor r e l a t i o ns
 f or s il v er
 w ere g e n e r a ll y
g o o d f or
a l l ro c k t y p es
at l o w er
grades b e l o w
70 g/t). 

120 

Z i nc
 i n t h e T H
 c or r e l at e s
we l l w i t h
 t h e L H
 f or g r a d es
 l o wer t h a n
 7 i n r o c k
 c o d es 20 a nd
 5 0 see Table
11 . 

 Table 11. Summary of Correlation between LH TH by
Rock Codes 

Metal 
 Rock Code 
 Comments 

10 
 Good correlation up to 100 g/t, restricted grades > 125 g/t to 20 m 

20 
 Very low Ag values, TH higher than LH, no adjustments (could upgrade LH) 

40 
 not reviewed 
 
 Ag 
 50 
 Good correlation to 60 g/t, TH are higher than LH over 70 g/t, no restriction 

10 
 Good correlation up to 8 , restricted grades > 8 to 20 m 
 
 Zn 
 20 
 Good correlation up to 7 , restricted grades > 7 to 20 m 

40 
 Insufficient data for valid comparison, LH much greater than TH 
 
 50 
 Good correlation to 5 , restricted grades > 5 to 20 m 

To evaluate the lateral extent of the
high-grade zone explored by underground workings, SRK compared all LH and TH assays normalized to the drill collar (i.e., all assay data
were averaged based on their distance from the collar at 2 m increments). Tables 12 and 13 show the LH and TH average grades at specified
distance from the collar. As can be seen from the tables, LH silver grade drops by about 35 over the first 20 m of drilling and
for the same distance TH silver grade drops by 60 . Similar decrease in grade is noted for zinc in rock code 20 (Table 12). 

 Table 12. Average Grade of all LH by Depth (Long Holes
All Data) 

Row Labels 
 Average of AGCAP 
 Average of ZNCAP 
 Count of AGCAP 
 
 0 
 43 
 3.81 
 1,770 
 
 2 
 41 
 3.30 
 1778 
 
 4 
 38 
 3.01 
 1,697 
 
 6 
 34 
 2.84 
 1,589 
 
 8 
 36 
 2.87 
 1,430 
 
 10 
 34 
 2.87 
 1,259 
 
 12 
 31 
 2.70 
 1,042 
 
 14 
 33 
 2.63 
 796 
 
 16 
 34 
 2.69 
 564 
 
 18 
 27 
 2.68 
 323 
 
 20 
 28 
 3.75 
 81 
 
 22 
 17 
 5.40 
 22 
 
 24 
 10 
 8.54 
 10 
 
 26 
 10 
 5.06 
 5 
 
 28 
 11 
 9.87 
 1 
 
 Grand Total 
 36.48 
 3.06 
 12,367 

121 

Table 13. Average Grade of all TH by Depth (Termite All
Data) 

Row Labels 
 Average of AGCAP 
 Average of ZNCAP 
 Count of AGCAP 
 
 0 
 65 
 6.30 
 197 
 
 2 
 56 
 5.25 
 189 
 
 4 
 41 
 4.58 
 186 
 
 6 
 42 
 4.29 
 185 
 
 8 
 32 
 4.15 
 169 
 
 10 
 38 
 3.52 
 164 
 
 12 
 44 
 3.10 
 150 
 
 14 
 46 
 3.11 
 137 
 
 16 
 44 
 3.45 
 129 
 
 18 
 31 
 2.93 
 114 
 
 20 
 25 
 2.45 
 100 
 
 22 
 43 
 2.48 
 85 
 
 24 
 31 
 2.29 
 78 
 
 26 
 37 
 2.69 
 67 
 
 28 
 44 
 2.55 
 57 
 
 30 
 58 
 2.68 
 49 
 
 32 
 54 
 2.22 
 43 
 
 34 
 50 
 3.25 
 36 
 
 36 
 39 
 3.44 
 30 
 
 38 
 73 
 3.77 
 25 
 
 40 
 37 
 2.61 
 26 
 
 42 
 41 
 1.04 
 19 
 
 44 
 30 
 2.57 
 12 
 
 46 
 42 
 1.85 
 8 
 
 48 
 28 
 1.15 
 8 
 
 50 
 34 
 0.68 
 7 
 
 52 
 69 
 3.37 
 5 
 
 54 
 33 
 1.14 
 5 
 
 56 
 81 
 1.32 
 4 
 
 58 
 11 
 1.27 
 2 
 
 60 
 12 
 1.81 
 2 
 
 62 
 11 
 1.74 
 2 
 
 64 
 9 
 3.39 
 2 
 
 66 
 12 
 4.53 
 2 
 
 68 
 10 
 0.20 
 1 
 
 70 
 12 
 0.06 
 1 
 
 72 
 6 
 0.04 
 1 
 
 74 
 11 
 0.15 
 1 
 
 76 
 13 
 0.16 
 1 
 
 Grand Total 
 44 
 3.71 
 2,299 

122 

Table 14. Grade Variation for Zinc in LH for Rock Code 20 

Row Labels 
 Average of AGCAP 
 Average of ZNCAP 
 Count of AGCAP 
 
 0 
 5 
 7.02 
 326 
 
 2 
 5 
 6.26 
 321 
 
 4 
 4 
 5.70 
 309 
 
 6 
 6 
 5.23 
 290 
 
 8 
 5 
 5.05 
 250 
 
 10 
 5 
 5.56 
 218 
 
 12 
 6 
 5.40 
 175 
 
 14 
 4 
 5.77 
 115 
 
 16 
 5 
 6.06 
 84 
 
 18 
 5 
 5.15 
 51 
 
 20 
 4 
 3.27 
 16 
 
 22 
 9 
 12.76 
 2 
 
 24 
 10 
 15.81 
 2 
 
 28 
 11 
 9.87 
 1 
 
 Grand Total 
 5.02 
 5.81 
 2,160 

The grade appears to drop faster in the
TH than in the LH, this could be an indication of down hole contamination for the LH assays (higher grades near the drill collars are
being slightly smeared down the hole or being over sampled) (Figure 48). 

Figure 48. Graphical Representation
of Downhole Grade Variation for Ag in rock code 10 

123 

8.3.3 TWIN HOLE PROGRAM CONCLUSIONS 

 O v era l l ,
 t he e x er c i s e
 i n d i c a tes
t h at the L o ng H o l e
 s i l v e r
a ss a y d a ta
a r e s o m e w h a t
b i a se d o n
 t h e h i g h
s i d e f or
the h i g h e r
gr a d e s w h e n
co m p a r ed
to a ss a y s
 f r om T e r m i te
h ol e s . T he
b i as s e e m s
to be re s tr i c t e d
to gra d e a b o v e
 7 0 g/t or 100 g/t d e p e n d i n g
 o n the d o m a i n
 o r ro c k c o d e
co m p a r e d .
Z i nc gra d es a b o v e
 7 s ho u l d
be re s tr i c t ed
 t o 2 0 m i n
 r o c k c o d es
20 a n d 50. 

 S RK
re c o m m e n ded
t h at s p ec i al
 c are be t a k en
 w h e n u si ng
LH d a t a i n
re s o u rc e
e s t i m at i on
a n d th a t a re s tr i c t i o n
 b e p l a c ed
on h i gh gr a de i n
 t he lo n g h o l e s .
In i t i a l
 f i n d i n gs
 f r o m
the a n a l y s i s
of t h e v ar i at i on
of grade w i th d e p t h
 o f dr i l l i ng
 i n d i c ate
t h a t t h e
h i g h g r a de
dro p s r e l at i v e l y
q ui c k l y
w i t h i n
20 m of c o ll ar s .
 S R K re c omm e n ded
t h at e s t i m at e s
 f r o m
the h i gh grades i n t he
u n d e r gro u nd
 l o n g h o l es
 s h o u l d
 b e l i m i ted
to ro u g h l y
20 m d i s ta n c e
 fr o m u n d e r grou n d
 w or k i n g s . 

124 

9 DATA VERIFICATION 

 In addition to the data verification
carried out by as part of the previous technical reports for Sierra Mojada, the QP has carried out a review and validation of the existing
drill database and data collection procedures. No new drill holes have been added to the Mineral Resource database since the June 2015
technical report. The verification consisted of: 

Review of sampling and logging
procedures 

Validation of the database 

Spot check assay certificate
data with the database 

Review of QA/QC procedures 

Inspection of QA/QC results 

Review of the geological model 

Visual inspection of cross
sections showing assay and lithological data overlaid onto the geological model 

 The QP considers the database fit-for-purpose
and is suitable for use in the estimation of Mineral Resources and was collected in line with industry best practice. 

9.1 DOWNHOLE SURVEYS 

 PAH s initial review of downhole
survey information indicated several issues relating to improper interpretation and processing of the survey data. To mitigate these issues
PAH and MMC compiled all available survey data. SRK reviewed the digital downhole data and noted some minor data entry errors with the
Long Hole database. These errors are not considered to be material to the resource estimation because of the relative short length of
the long holes, on average less than 15 m. (SRK 2012). 

 Prior to the 2015 Mineral Resource estimate,
Silver Bull audited the database and any survey discrepancies were checked by the on-staff surveyor. The QP reviewed the existing downhole
survey information and procedures. 

125 

9.2 ASSAY DATA 

 Original digital assay certificates were
provided by Silver Bull and loaded into an SQL database by Archer Cathro. Individual assay results were compared to the assay results
recorded in the drill database. No errors were detected that would impact the resource estimate. 

9.3 CHANNEL SAMPLES, COLLARS UNDERGROUND WORKINGS 

 There has been no additional survey work
done on void delineation and this section summarizes the previous work. (Tuun AFK 2015). 

 Three dimensional locations of channel
samples CH ), underground drill holes and surveyed underground workings were supplied by Silver Bull. SRK imported these
data into Gems software, which has the capability of displaying such data in three dimensions. 

 The channel samples and underground
drill hole collars were visually compared against the underground workings. A number of inconsistencies were noted. Namely, some channel
samples and collars were located several meters away from the surveyed underground workings. This implies erroneous survey data for either
the channel sample/collar location or the underground workings. These data were excluded from the dataset prior to estimation. In areas
where channel samples had been collected but no underground workings seem to exists in the Silver Bull survey database, SRK generated
wireframes to capture the additional mined out areas (Figure 59). (SRK, 2012) 

 The QP visually inspected the void solids
provided by Silver Bull to ensure they adequately represent mined material. Channel samples and underground drill hole collars were compared
to the void solids. The QP found no issues that would significantly impact the resource estimation process. 

126 

10 MINERAL PROCESSING AND
METALLURGICAL TESTING 

 A summary of the metallurgical
work conducted on the oxide mineralization by Silver Bull 2010 and 2013 is outlined below. Specifically, this chapter looks at the following: 

Summary
and analysis of the program on the silver and zinc mineralization, and then the SART circuit at the back end. 

Incorporation
of all results into two preliminary process flow diagrams, one for silver and one for zinc. 

10.1 ORE TYPES 

 The metallurgical program conducted
by Silver Bull between 2010 and 2013 looked at the silver and zinc zones separately in order to obtain an understanding of the process
parameters for each ore type. The process flow sheets were developed to handle all of the silver ore types in one flow sheet, with a second
flow sheet being developed to handle all of the zinc ore types. The goal was to allow a situation wherebyone of the flow sheets may be
converted to the other flow sheet if a mine plan can be developed for first mining the silver mineralization which sits spatially on top
of the zinc mineralization. 

The mineralization at Sierra Mojada can be broken into
a silver zone located at surface at the west end of the deposit, before dipping underground at an angle of 6 to 7 degrees towards the
east, and a zinc zone which sits underneath the silver mineralization at the eastern end of the deposit (Figure 49). 

127 

Figure 49. The location of the silver
and zinc zones of mineralization 

The silver zone can be broken down further into three
distinct silver areas (see Figure 50). 

Shallow Silver Zone, 

 Centenario Zone, and the 

 Fronteriza Zone. 

128 

Figure 50. Silver metallurgical Sample
Locations 

The zinc zone can also be broken down into two distinct
areas. 

Red Zinc zone and the 

 White Zinc zone. 

10.2 TEST WORK 

 Metallurgical test work at Sierra
Mojada occurred over several phases between 2010 and the end of 2013 and was conducted at several mineral processing laboratories including:
Mountain States Research and Development Intrernational Inc., and Kappes Cassidy Associates Inc. for the silver mineralization,
and Hazen Research Inc. and SGS Lakefield Ontario Inc. for the zinc mineralization. The test work on the SART process was conducted by
BiotecQ Ltd. out of Vancouver and was performed on the pregnant solution recovered from the testwork completed at Hazen Research Inc. 

10.2.1 MOUNTAIN STATES R D SILVER RECOVERY TESTS 

 The metallurgical test work related
to the silver mineralization seen at Sierra Mojada mineralization in 2010 by Silver Bull at Mountain States Research and Development International,
Inc. located southeast of Tucson, Arizona. Three samples were taken from a trench, which was excavated along the surface of the Shallow
Silver deposit (see Figure 51). 

129 

Figure 51. Location of the Trench Metallurgical
Sample Taken in Early 2010. 

 The geology and sample location from
the trench are shown in Figure 51. Of the three metallurgical samples taken only samples Met Sample 1 and Met Sample 3 were tested, no
cyanidation test work was performed on Met Sample 2 due to high plumbo-jarosite content. Met Sample 1 was later composited into Compo1 
and Met Sample 3 was composited into Compo2 . 

Mountain States performed two
series of tests on the Compo1 and Compo2 samples. The first series looked at a standard cyanide leach bottle roll test and compared grind
size to silver recovery. The second series of tests looked at increasing cyanide concentrations in the leach solution versus the silver
recovery. The test parameters and the results are shown in Tables 15 and 16, respectively. 

130 

Table 15. Mountain States Grind Size versus Silver Recovery
Results. 

Sample 
 
 Grind 
 Size 
 P80 
 
 Head 
 Grade 
 Extracted Grade 
 
 Avg. 
 Tails 
 Ag Extracted 
 Leach Time 
 Consumption NaCN 
 Addition Ca(OH) 2 
 
 ID 
 (um) 
 (Ag g/t) 
 (Ag g/t) 
 (Ag g/t) 
 
 (hrs) 
 kg/MT 
 kg/MT 
 
 Compo 1 
 37 
 55.9 
 38.4 
 17.5 
 66.0 
 120 
 1.38 
 1.00 
 
 Compo 1 
 53 
 55.9 
 36.1 
 19.8 
 62.7 
 120 
 1.14 
 1.00 
 
 Compo 1 
 100 
 55.9 
 33.5 
 22.4 
 57.8 
 120 
 0.82 
 1.00 
 
 Compo 1 
 230 
 55.9 
 34.3 
 21.6 
 57.9 
 120 
 0.72 
 1.00 
 
 Compo 1 
 2000 
 55.9 
 30.9 
 25 
 53.3 
 120 
 1.24 
 1.00 
 
 Compo 2 
 37 
 66.6 
 47.3 
 19.3 
 68.4 
 120 
 2.38 
 1.00 
 
 Compo 2 
 53 
 66.6 
 48.5 
 18.1 
 72.5 
 120 
 2.46 
 1.00 
 
 Compo 2 
 100 
 66.6 
 44.3 
 22.3 
 65.0 
 120 
 2.32 
 1.00 
 
 Compo 2 
 230 
 66.6 
 41 
 25.6 
 62.3 
 120 
 2.28 
 1.00 
 
 Compo 2 
 2000 
 66.6 
 37.6 
 29 
 52.4 
 120 
 2.62 
 1.00 

Table 16. Mountain States Leach Solution Cyanide Concentration
versus Silver Recovery Results. 

Sample 
 Cyanide Concentration 
 
 Grind 
 Size 
 P80 
 Head Grade 
 Extracted Grade 
 Ag Extracted 
 Leach Time 
 Consumption NaCN 
 
 Addition 
 Ca(OH)2 
 
 ID 
 NaCN, kg/MT 
 (um) 
 (Ag g/t) 
 (Ag g/t) 
 
 (hrs) 
 kg/MT 
 kg/MT 
 
 Compo 1 
 2 
 53 
 55.9 
 36.72 
 65.7 
 96 
 1.19 
 2.30 
 
 Compo 1 
 4 
 53 
 55.9 
 36.72 
 65.7 
 96 
 2.73 
 0.86 
 
 Compo 1 
 8 
 53 
 55.9 
 37.39 
 66.9 
 96 
 2.34 
 0.72 
 
 Compo 2 
 2 
 53 
 66.6 
 47.95 
 72.0 
 96 
 2.20 
 2.30 
 
 Compo 2 
 4 
 53 
 66.6 
 48.48 
 72.8 
 96 
 2.84 
 1.01 
 
 Compo 2 
 8 
 53 
 66.6 
 49.55 
 74.4 
 96 
 3.56 
 0.72 

Based off the results of this first test program, a more
detailed test program using the silver ores from the Shallow Silver Zone, Fontariza, and Centennario zones was developed. Five samples
were collected and composites of each area made. The work conducted by Mountain States on this next phase is shown in Table 17 below. 

131 

Table 17. Silver Bull Silver Deposit KCA Metallurgical
Test Program. 

Sample Description 
 Test Conditions 
 
 Shallow Silver Zone (SSZ) 
 SB Sample 1 
 
 MASTER COMPO 
 Pre Roast Prior to Cyanide Leach 

1 sample x 2 roast conditions with 3 NaCN Concentrations 

SSZ Sample Rejects 
 SB Sample 4 

4 Compos Tracking Pb 

P80 53 um, 1.0 gpl NaCN 

4 Compos Tracking Leach Time 

1.0 gpl 2.5 gpl NaCN, Lime to pH 10.5 

5 Diagnostic Leach Tests 

P80 53 um and 5.0 gpl NaCN, Lime to pH 10.5 
 
 Centenario 
 SB Sample 2 
 
 COMPO 4 9 of 10 COMPOS 
 Pre Roast Prior to Cyanide Leach 

2 samples x 2 roast conditions with 3 NaCN 
 Concentrations 

MASTER COMPO 
 3 grinds x 2 NaCN concentrations 

Fronteriza 
 SB Sample 3 

Test grade vs Ag rec on 5 different grade samples 

Each sample tested @ 3 grind sizes and 2 NaCN concentrations 

Diagnostic leach tests on 5 different grade samples 
 
 North Shallow Silver Zone 
 SB Sample 5 
 
 NSSZ 
 Test grade vs Ag rec on 5 different grade samples 

Each sample tested @ 3 grind sizes and 2 NaCN concentrations p80 53 um 

Following a dispute over the timing and delivery
of results and cost overruns, Silver Bull ended the working relationship with Mountain States and took the composite samples that had
been prepared to Kappess Cassidy Associates for additional test work on the Silver Mineralization. 

132 

10.2.2 KAPPES CASSIDY AND ASSOCIATES 

10.2.2.1 Silver Recovery Tests 

Further test work on the silver ore at
Sierra Mojada was conducted by Kappes, Cassidy and Associates (KCA), Reno, Nevada in 2011. Work has focused on cyanide leach recovery
of the silver using Bottle Roll tests to simulate an agitation leach system common on many mine sites. Samples were composed
of the composite samples prepared by Mountain States and supplemented with additional samples taken separately from drill core, mineralized
outcrop, and trenches from the Centenario , Fronteriza and Shallow Silver Zones of the silver
mineralization. These were crushed and mixed to create either a composite sample representative of each of the 3 zones,
or a series of composite samples based on the silver grade for each of the three zones. 

KCA began their test work by performing
diagnostic leach test work on 5 composites from the Shallow Silver Zone and 5 composites on the Centenario Zone. Table 18 lists the results
of this test work and Figure 52 shows the results graphically. 

Table 18. Diagnostic Leach Test Work Cumulative
Silver Extraction. 

KCA 
 Sample No. 
 
 Head 
 Average, gms 
 Ag/MT 
 Diagnostic Leach Test Extractions - Extracted gms Ag/MT 

Calc. 
 Head 
 Average, gms 
 Direct 
 Acetic Acid 
 Hydrochloric Acid 
 Nitric Acid 
 Heated Nitric Acid 
 Roast 
 Overall 
 
 NaCN Leach 
 
 CN 
 Leach 
 Ag 
 Rec 
 
 Acid W ash 
 Solution 
 NaCN Leach 
 
 Acid 
 Wash 
 Solution 
 NaCN Leach 
 
 Acid W ash 
 Solution 
 NaCN Leach 
 
 Acid 
 Wash 
 Solution 
 NaCN Leach 
 NaCN Leach 
 Cumulative Leach 
 Tails 
 
 64601 
 18.26 
 17.52 
 12.01 
 68.5 
 0.91 
 1.49 
 0.00 
 1.51 
 0.64 
 0.52 
 0.00 
 0.29 
 0.11 
 18.15 
 0.05 
 
 64602 
 29.58 
 23.29 
 16.20 
 69.6 
 2.04 
 0.82 
 0.00 
 1.53 
 0.63 
 1.46 
 0.35 
 0.07 
 0.09 
 23.88 
 0.10 
 
 64603 
 45.33 
 43.34 
 35.44 
 81.8 
 1.76 
 0.87 
 0.00 
 2.18 
 0.63 
 1.54 
 0.50 
 0.19 
 0.12 
 44.04 
 0.12 
 
 64604 
 122.32 
 105.81 
 93.57 
 88.4 
 2.06 
 1.19 
 0.11 
 2.64 
 1.14 
 3.80 
 0.18 
 0.51 
 0.26 
 106.34 
 0.35 
 
 64605 
 16.92 
 16.86 
 12.94 
 76.7 
 0.54 
 0.78 
 0.10 
 0.33 
 0.55 
 0.32 
 0.63 
 0.61 
 0.02 
 17.58 
 0.05 
 
 64606 
 29.23 
 24.65 
 18.78 
 76.2 
 0.65 
 1.59 
 0.10 
 1.53 
 0.42 
 0.39 
 0.80 
 0.25 
 0.04 
 25.30 
 0.11 
 
 64607 
 41.91 
 40.07 
 32.19 
 80.3 
 0.52 
 2.46 
 0.11 
 2.23 
 0.78 
 0.32 
 1.32 
 0.07 
 0.03 
 40.82 
 0.06 
 
 64608 
 170.99 
 172.36 
 153.44 
 89.0 
 3.62 
 5.97 
 0.25 
 4.25 
 0.86 
 1.36 
 2.19 
 0.07 
 0.09 
 173.00 
 0.24 
 
 64609 
 60.21 
 41.55 
 34.01 
 81.8 
 1.03 
 2.03 
 0.25 
 1.69 
 0.55 
 0.70 
 0.71 
 0.07 
 0.22 
 42.06 
 0.31 
 
 64610 
 103.63 
 103.99 
 82.11 
 79.0 
 2.37 
 4.31 
 0.15 
 5.92 
 0.72 
 6.47 
 1.44 
 0.33 
 0.05 
 104.65 
 0.12 

Note: The extracted and tailings values from
Roast Test were adjusted to reflect the original 500 gram feed weight 

133 

Figure 52. KCA Silver Zone Diagnostic
Leach Test on the Shallow Silver and Centenario Zones 

 The results suggested silver mineralization
is amenable to direct cyanide leaching. 

 The information from the diagnostic leach tests
at various silver head grades also provided insight as to the relationship between silver recovery and silver head grade. Figure 53 shows
a graphic display of this relationship. 

134 

Figure 53. Shallow Silver Zone Diagnostic
Leach Tests Ag Recovery vs. Ag Head Grade 

Additional test work on the three silver
zones at Sierra Mojada at KCA in 2012 was completed with work focusing on leach solution cyanide strength, pH, lead nitrate addition,
grind size, and increased oxygen concentrations. 

A summary of all the cyanide leach test
work is shown in Table 19 below. 

Table 19. Summary of Cyanide Bottle Roll Leach Test Results,
Ag Recovery. 

Location of Sample in Silver Zone 
 Calculated p80 Size micron 
 Head Average 
 Calculated Head 
 Avg. Tails 
 Ag Extracted 
 Consumption NaCN 
 Addition Ca(OH) 2 

gms 
 Ag/MT 
 gms Ag/MT 
 
 gms 
 Ag/MT 
 Recovery 
 kg/MT 
 kg/MT 
 
 Shallow Silver Zone - Avg 
 
 58.6 
 65.2 
 21.3 
 67.5 
 3.50 
 0.66 
 
 Shallow Silver Zone - Max 
 49 
 50.2 
 75.0 
 16.9 
 77.0 
 5.03 
 0.50 
 
 Centenario Zone - Avg 
 
 80.4 
 76.8 
 26.6 
 74.3 
 2.97 
 1.19 
 
 Centenario Zone - Max 
 35 
 171.0 
 172.4 
 18.9 
 89.0 
 NA 
 NA 
 
 Fronteriza Zone - Avg 
 
 167.0 
 180.3 
 54.1 
 58.8 
 10.86 
 0.50 
 
 Fronteriza Zone - Max 
 46 
 464.1 
 530.0 
 82.7 
 84.0 
 17.13 
 0.50 
 
 Average of All Zones 
 
 87.3 
 91.2 
 30.1 
 68.5 
 5.01 
 0.77 

135 

Preliminary observations from the silver testwork include: 

Silver recoveries generally show
an increase with higher grade. 

 Silver recovery is somewhat
grind size sensitive with finer grinds giving higher recoveries. 

 Varying levels of cyanide consumption
(NaCN) are attributed to variable amounts of zinc and copper in the samples. 

 Current target for grind size
is 40 microns. 

 Current target for NaCN concentration
is 5.0gpl in the leach solution, maintained. 

Average silver recovery is expected to approach 75 
at a grind of 40 microns and a leach solution NaCN concentration of 5.0gpl 

10.2.2.2 The SART circuit and Zinc Recoveries 

 In addition to the silver test work
via cyanidation, work was completed in the first quarter of 2013 to confirm the Sulfidization, Acidification, Recycling and Thickening
 (SART) process and its application at the backend of the leaching circuit. The SART circuit allows for the recycling of the cyanide
in the silver leaching circuit lowering cyanide costs, as well as potentially recovering a portion of the zinc and copper observed
in the Sierra Mojada silver deposits. 

The following two tables provide
a summary of the zinc and copper recoveries observed in the cyanide leach tests from the mineralization at Sierra Mojada. 

Table 20. Summary of Cyanide Bottle Roll Leach Test Results,
Zn Recovery 

Sample Description 
 
 Target 
 NaCN, gpL 
 Calculated Head 
 Avg. Tails 
 Zn Extracted 
 
 Zn, mg/kg 
 Zn, mg/kg 

Shallow Silver Zone, Core Composite 
 10 
 10,439 
 6,165 
 41 
 
 Centenario, Composite No. 4; >60 gms Ag/MT 
 10 
 2,717 
 2,150 
 21 
 
 Fronteriza, Composite No. 2; 50 to 100 gms Ag/MT 
 10 
 27,720 
 18,740 
 32 

136 

Table 21. Summary of Cyanide Bottle Roll Leach Test Results,
Cu Recovery. 

Sample Description 
 
 Target 
 NaCN, gpL 
 Calculated Head 
 Avg. Tails 
 Cu Extracted 
 
 Cu, mg/kg 
 Cu, mg/kg 

Shallow Silver Zone, Core Composite 
 10 
 321 
 240 
 25 
 
 Centenario, Composite No. 4; >60 gms Ag/MT 
 10 
 938 
 405 
 57 
 
 Fronteriza, Composite No. 2; 50 to 100 gms Ag/MT 
 10 
 37 
 24 
 35 

The SART process would produce a
zinc sulfide concentrate and potentially a copper sulfide concentrate that would be suitable for sale to smelters and providing by-product
credits to the project. KCA produced 40 liters of barren leach solution (pregnant leach solution with the silver removed with zinc dust)
for testing at BioteQ in BC, Canada. The SART test work results are summarized in Table 22. The test work results showed that the 100 
of the zinc in the barren Merrill Crowe solution can be recovered and a saleable zinc concentrate produced. 

Table 22. Summary of the SART test
work results completed by Bioteq. 

10.2.3 HAZEN TEST WORK TREATMENT OF HIGH GRADE ZINC 

 Hazen Research in Golden, CO, was
tasked with looking at the potential for using a pyrometallurgical technique for treating the zinc ores. A process for producing ZnO from
steel plants and other metal manufacturing facilities waste by-products, known as the Waelz Kiln process, was tested at Hazen in 2012. 

Hazen received composite samples
from both the Red Zinc and White Zinc deposits at Sierra Mojada. This material was tested in one of Hazen s higher temperature kilns
at temperatures between 1,100 C and 1,300 C. The process involves mixing into the ore a reducing material, such as carbon or
coal, heating the ore mixture to the required temperature, fuming off the Zn, passing the fumed Zn gas to an oxygen atmosphere and cooling
the gas, forming a ZnO precipitate. 

137 

In the Hazen test facility zinc fuming
worked very well with zinc fumed from the ore at greater than 90 percent. However, difficulty in recovering the ZnO as the precipitate
was evident as metal accounting for the tests were very poor. Zinc was found to precipitate on the test apparatus wherever the temperature
was cool enough for the zinc to precipitate. Table 23 provides a summary of the results from the Hazen test program. 

The Waelz Kiln concept was proven
to work on the zinc ores. However, difficulties experienced by Hazen to capture the ZnO and difficulties in maintaining the kiln caused
the program to be halted. 

138 

Table 23. Sierra Mojada Waelz Kiln Test Work Zinc Recovery
and Accountability 

Test # 
 Ore 
 Conditions 
 Feed Mass, g 
 Zn in Feed, g 
 Zn in Calcine, g 
 Zn in Product, g 
 Recovery (1-C/F), 
 Recovery (P/F), 
 Accountability ([C+P]/F), 
 
 1 
 RZ 
 1100 C, 3:1 C:Zn 
 100 
 12.5 
 8.37 
 3.42 
 33.0 
 27.4 
 94.33 
 
 2 
 RZ 
 1200 C, 3:1 C:Zn 
 100 
 12.5 
 1.64 
 8.28 
 86.9 
 66.2 
 79.31 
 
 3 
 RZ 
 1300 C, 3:1 C:Zn 
 100 
 12.5 
 0.14 
 9.69 
 98.9 
 77.5 
 78.60 
 
 4 
 W Z 
 1100 C, 3:1 C:Zn 
 1000 
 186 
 1.78 
 124.44 
 99.0 
 66.9 
 67.86 
 
 5 
 W Z 
 1200 C, 3:1 C:Zn 
 1000 
 186 
 12.77 
 111.09 
 93.1 
 59.7 
 66.59 
 
 6A 
 RZ-S 
 1300 C, 3:1 C:Zn 
 1000 
 116 
 6.06 
 74.14 
 94.8 
 63.9 
 69.14 
 
 7 
 RZ 
 1200 C, 2:1 C:Zn 
 150 
 18.75 
 6.49 
 9.01 
 65.4 
 48.1 
 82.68 
 
 8 
 RZ 
 1200 C, 4:1 C:Zn 
 150 
 18.75 
 1.15 
 13.17 
 93.9 
 70.2 
 76.33 
 
 9 
 W Z 
 650 C 
 1000 
 186 
 179.19 
 N/A 
 96.3 
 N/A 
 96.34 
 
 10 
 W Z 
 950 C 
 1000 
 186 
 176.35 
 N/A 
 94.8 
 N/A 
 94.81 
 
 11 
 RZ 
 1300 C, 3:1 C:Zn 
 750 
 93.75 

100.0 
 0.0 
 0.00 
 
 12 
 RZ 
 1200 C, 3:1 C:Zn 
 750 
 93.75 
 43.30 
 23.62 
 53.8 
 25.2 
 71.38 
 
 15 
 RZ-S 
 1300 C, 3:1 C:Zn 
 1000 
 116 
 17.81 
 63.82 
 84.6 
 55.0 
 70.37 
 
 16 
 RZ-S 
 1200 C, 3:1 C:Zn 
 750 
 87 
 9.87 
 64.49 
 88.7 
 74.1 
 85.47 
 
 17 
 RZ-S 
 1200 C, 2:1 C:Zn 
 750 
 87 
 24.39 
 20.05 
 72.0 
 23.0 
 51.09 
 
 18 
 RZ 
 1200 C, 2:1 C:Zn 
 750 
 93.75 

100.0 
 0.0 
 0.00 

139 

10.2.4 SGS LAKEFIELD SEPARATION OF RED WHITE
ZINC ORES 

 Mineral Services (SGS), in Lakefield,
ON, was tasked with developing a physical separation scheme for the Red Zinc and White Zinc ores in 2012. Work focused on heavy media
separation (HMS) and flotation recovery of the zinc minerals hemimorphite (Red Zinc) and smithsonite (White Zinc). Test work using bench
scale heavy liquid separation and flotation tests were used to develop possible process parameters for a zinc HMS/flotation circuit. Samples
had been taken from drill core and channel samples along the 1.5 kilometer strike length of the Red Zinc Zone and White
Zinc Zone of the deposit. The samples were then crushed and mixed to form a composite sample representative of each of the material
types present in the deposit. 

The primary focus for the SGS test
Work program were the zinc materials. They were also tasked with finding a method to produce a saleable zinc product from the Red Zinc
and White Zinc materials. The SGS program was focused on using Heavy Media Separation and Flotation to produce a concentrate. The following
tests and results have been obtained by SGS to date: 

10.2.4.1 White Zinc Test work 

White Zinc (smithsonite) Heavy
Media Separation and Flotation is effective and can obtain a 42 Zn Concentrate. The heavy media separation was very effective as roughly
53 of the zinc was recovered in the HMS alone into a concentrate that assayed over 45 Zn. Additional test work is needed to refine the
heavy media and flotation recoveries. 

 Flotation results for the White
Zinc were also very good, with a best case 40 Zn concentrate being produced while recovering 96.5 of the zinc. 

 Test Work Reagents and Results
for the best case test on White Zinc Master Composite are shown below in Tables 23 and 24. 

 Figure 54 shows the Zn recovery
versus concentrate Zn grade for the White Zinc best case test. 

140 

Table 24. Flotation Reagent Suite White Zinc Master Composite. 

Test No. 
 Objective 
 Sample 
 Grinding 
 
 Reagents Added, g/t 

Na 
 Silicate 
 (Metso) 
 Hexameta- phosphate 
 
 Collector 
 Blend: Armac 
 C/Pine 
 Oil/Kerosene 
 (5, 0.5 , 0.5 g) 
 Na2S 
 PAX 
 
 Test 30 
 
 WZMC 
 +38 um 
 Fraction 
 WZMC COMPO 
 Stage Ground to -300 um 
 1050 
 250 
 700 
 5,244 
 300 
 
 Test 31 
 
 WZMC 
 -38 um 
 Fraction 
 WZMC COMPO 
 None, -38 um Fraction 
 1050 
 300 
 750 
 6,233 
 300 

Table 25. White Zinc Master Composite HLS/Flotation Test
Work Results 

SGS Test Number Objective 
 Weight 
 Assay 
 Recovery 

Zn 
 Zn 
 
 F30-31 WZMC Combined 
 15.8 
 50.1 
 45.1 
 
 23.2 
 48.4 
 64.1 
 
 24.8 
 47.4 
 66.9 
 
 28.2 
 45.8 
 73.8 
 
 32.2 
 44.5 
 81.9 
 
 35.7 
 42.9 
 87.3 

141 

Figure 54. White Zinc (Smithsonite)
Zn Recovery vs. Concentrate Zn Grade 

10.2.4.2 Red Zinc Test work 

 Red Zinc (hemimorphite) Heavy
Media Separation and Flotation has been shown to be a bit more complicated due to slimes 

Red Zinc has a propensity to slime
as the natural grain size of the material is very fine. As received material has been observed to have greater than 20 -38 m material.
HMS of this material was somewhat effective as roughly 57 of the zinc was recovered to a concentrate that was above 22 zinc. More test
work on HMS of the Red Zinc material should be performed to see if concentration ratios can be improved or if cleaning stages can improve
concentrate grades. 

The slimes performed poorly
in flotation test work with only 55 of the zinc reporting to a 22 Zn concentrate. In the SGS test work roughly 45 of the Red Zinc ore
ended up in the slimes making slimes mitigation a major concern in future test work. Options to consider include: 

Stage grinding with screening
in between to reduce the amount of fines generation. 

 Utilizing fine bubble flotation
cell technology developed specifically for fines/slimes flotation. 

 Sodium silicate addition as an
aid in slimes flotation. 

 Flash flotation in the grinding
circuit to float material prior to fines generation. 

 Test Work Reagents and Results
for the best case test on the Red Zinc High Silver Composite are shown below in Tables 26 and 27. 

 Figure 55 shows the Zn recovery
versus concentrate Zn grade for the Red Zinc best case test. 

142 

Table 26. Flotation Reagent Suite Red Zinc Master Composite 

Test No. 
 Objective 
 Sample 
 Grinding 
 
 Reagents Added, g/t 

Na 
 Silicate 
 (Metso) 
 Hexameta- phosphate 
 
 Collector 
 Blend: Armac C/Pine 
 Oil/Kerosene 
 (5, 0.5 , 0.5g) 
 Na2S 
 PAX 
 
 Test 30 
 
 WZMC 
 +38 um 
 Fraction 
 WZMC COMPO 
 Stage Ground to -300 um 
 1050 
 250 
 700 
 5,244 
 300 
 
 Test 31 
 
 WZMC 
 -38 um 
 Fraction 
 WZMC COMPO 
 
 None, - 
 38 um 
 Fraction 
 1050 
 300 
 750 
 6,233 
 300 

Table 27. Red Zinc High Silver Composite HLS/Flotation
Test Work Results 

SGS Test Number Objective 
 Weight 
 Assay 
 Recovery 

Zn 
 Zn 
 
 F42-43 RZHC Combined 
 12.1 
 38.9 
 45.0 
 
 17.6 
 34.6 
 58.0 
 
 18.3 
 34.0 
 58.3 
 
 19.0 
 33.8 
 59.1 
 
 19.6 
 33.0 
 59.4 
 
 20.0 
 32.8 
 59.7 
 
 20.7 
 32.5 
 59.9 
 
 24.4 
 30.0 
 72.5 
 
 30.7 
 27.7 
 81.1 
 
 35.5 
 25.5 
 86.6 
 
 38.0 
 24.4 
 88.4 
 
 43.3 
 22.6 
 93.3 
 
 45.4 
 21.8 
 94.2 
 
 49.6 
 20.2 
 95.8 

143 

Figure 55. Red Zinc (Hemimorphite)
Zn Recovery vs. Concentrate Zn Grade 

 The next
step will be to run additional tests using Dense Media Separation (DMS) at small scale to generate a pre-concentrate. It is anticipated
these tests will replace the HLS test work previously performed to better simulate an actual production flow sheet. The DMS concentrate
should have fewer negative effects on downstream flotation. This test work will then need to be followed by test work to find a way to
reject Fe bearing materials, which appears to be the main impurity in the final DMS concentrate. 

 Test
work to improve slimes flotation will also need be performed using a Jameson or similar cell which utilizes fine bubble generation. Concentration
of the Red Zinc in particular is expected to perform better in a fine bubble floatation machine such as a Jameson Cell, which is specifically
designed to mitigate the sliming problem. 

 Based
on current test work results the following conclusions about the zinc flotation can be made: 

White Zinc performs very well
in a standard flotation scheme. A zinc recovery of 87 at a concentrate grade of 43 zinc can be achieved. 

 Red Zinc is more difficult to
float than the White Zinc due to the sliming characteristics of the Hemimorphite mineral. 

 Red Zinc test work to date can
produce a 30 zinc concentrate at a zinc recovery of 72.5 . 

144 

10.3 ORE PROCESSING 

 The Sierra Mojada Project will require two distinct flow
sheets and process facilities for the silver ores and the zinc ores. The silver ores will utilize cyanide leach technology and the zinc
ores will utilize Heavy Media Separation and Flotation. Some of the unit operations can be used in both facilities, such as crushing and
grinding. A discussion on how the equipment can be utilized for both process scenarios will be discussed at the end of this section. 

Since the silver and zinc ore processing facilities are
somewhat distinct, they are discussed separately in this report. 

 10.3.1 SILVER ORE PROCESSING 

A simple
flow diagram has been developed and is shown in the following Figure 56. 

 It is
envisioned that the silver ores at Sierra Mojada will require a crushing and grinding circuit to produce a particle size P80 of 53 microns
to maximize silver recovery and project economics. Following grinding, a cyanide leach and CCD circuit will be utilized with the pregnant
leach solutions reporting to a Merrill Crowe silver recovery plant. Once the silver has been recovered, cyanide recovery, as well as,
zinc and copper recovery will take place in a SART facility. Tailings from the leach circuit will be detoxified in a cyanide destruct
circuit before reporting to a tailings storage facility. 

 Water
will be reclaimed from the tailings storage facility for reuse. 

 Products
produced will include silver dor , and a zinc sulfide precipitate . 

145 

Figure 56. Proposed Process Block Flow
Diagram for the silver ore 

 10.3.2 ZINC ORE PROCESSING 

 A simple
flow diagram has been developed and is shown in the Figure 57. 

 It is
envisioned that the zinc ores at Sierra Mojada will require a crushing circuit to produce a particle size P80 of 3.66mm to feed a dense
media separation (DMS) unit with the +48 mesh sink fraction reporting to a rod mill for additional grinding prior to flotation. The final
grind size is currently estimated at a P80 of 105 microns which should maximize zinc recovery, minimize slimes production, and maximize
project economics. Following grinding, slimes separation will be performed with the slimes portion reporting to a fine bubble flotation
cell, such as a Jameson cell. The coarser fraction will report to a standard flotation circuit. Both the slimes and coarse flotation circuits
will incorporate one or more cleaning stages to improve the zinc content of the concentrate. Concentrates will be thickened, filtered,
and dried followed by loading into train cars for bulk shipment to a zinc refinery. Tailings from the flotation circuit will be thickened
before reporting to a tailings storage facility. 

146 

Water
will be reclaimed from the tailings storage facility for reuse. The products produced will be a Hemimorphite and Smithsonite concentrate.
A concentrate could then be further refined through kilning. 

Figure 57. Proposed Zinc Process Block
Flow Diagram, Sierra Mojada Project 

147 

11 MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE 

 11.1 INTRODUCTION 

 The Mineral Resource Estimate has been
prepared by Archer Cathro Associates (1981) Limited Archer Cathro ). The following sections detail the method and
strategies used to estimate the mineral resource. This resource estimation was completed by Matthew Dumala, P. Eng., an independent qualified
persons as defined in S-K 1300. The effective date of the resource statement is October 1 st , 2018. Work at the Property conducted
after 2018 focussed on deeper sulphide mineralization and does not impact the Mineral Resource Estimate. 

 Geovia GEMS 6.7.2.1 software was used
to model surfaces and solids that define the boundaries of the deposit. The software was also used for block modeling, grade estimation,
and resource reporting. Snowden Supervisor v8.7 was used to determine basic statistics, geostatistics, and variography. 

 The current Mineral Resource estimate was completed
using the same database as the previous Mineral Resource (June 8, 2018). It has been restated to reflect current metal prices and changes
to Mineral Licences. 

 11.2 RESOURCE DATA BASE 

 The Sierra Mojada Project drill data
was provided to Archer Cathro as a Geovia TM GEMS database. The database used in the resource estimate was audited by Archer
Cathro prior to estimation. The Author is of the opinion that the data is sufficiently reliable to interpret with confidence the boundaries
of the deposit for the estimation of tonnes and grades of the four metals: zinc, copper, lead and silver. 

 The drill hole data base consists of
12,772 surface and underground diamond drill holes, reverse circulation drill holes, long holes, underground channel samples and a surface
trench sample intended for a metallurgical bulk sample test. Of these 12,772 holes and channel samples, only 12,733 were used to estimate
the Mineral Resource. These are listed in Table 28 below. 

148 

Table 28. Resource Database 

Description 
 Number 
 Metres 
 
 Diamond Drill holes 
 1,336 
 153,265.4 
 
 Reverse Circulation holes 
 24 
 32,446.2 
 
 Underground long holes 
 2,346 
 14,693.5 
 
 Channel Samples 
 9,027 
 6,628.0 
 
 TOTAL 
 12,733 
 207,033.1 
 
 11.2.1 SURFACES AND SOLIDS 

 Silver Bull Resources provided 3D surfaces and solids for
the estimation work. These define geological surfaces, faults, topography, mineralization, and underground. These solids and surfaces
are unchanged from the 2015 Mineral Resource estimate. 

 The underground workings are complex with numerous small adits,
declines, drifts, cross-cuts, stopes and shafts as described earlier in this report. They had been surveyed in small segments over the
years but never combined. The workings are shown in Figure 58 with the mining areas colour-coded by the main mining area: 

Centenario/Fronteriza blue 

Encantada green 

Esmeralda teal 

Parre a magenta 

San Salvador red 

 Some workings were inaccessible due to collapse or unsafe
conditions. Based on historical mining records it appears that, based on an average density (~2.7), only about 12-15 of property-wide
mined workings have been surveyed. Some of the workings (e.g. Parre a) are clearly development in waste or in mineralized zones
outside the current Mineral Resource area. The volume within the zone is not considered to be significant compared to the mineralized
zone. 

149 

The volumes for the validated solids are summarized in Table
29. 

 Table 29. Underground Void Volumes 

Mining Area 
 Volume 
 
 B06_09 
 32,658 m 3 
 
 AB08_02 
 33,932 m 3 
 
 B09_05 
 27,198 m 3 
 
 B04_32 
 200,860 m 3 
 
 B05_39 
 70,364 m 3 
 
 F_09 
 40,834 m 3 
 
 Total Volume 
 401,663 m 3 

Figure 58. Underground Workings 

 The plunge of the workings
to the south-east (right) is apparent in Figure 58. 

 A single solid representing mineralization
was constructed by Silver Bull staff from available information including assays, faults and interpreted geologic sections. Figure 59
is an example of the geologic interpretation along Section 631600E through the San Salvador - Centenario block, while Figure 66 shows
the mineralized solid overlaid onto the same Section. 

150 

Figure 59. SBR Geologic Interpretation
631600E (+/- 50m window) 

Figure 60. Section 631600E - Mineral
Zone Wireframe 

151 

The lower dashed line yellow area on Figure 59 is the white
zinc (smithsonite) chimney zone. 

 While the wireframe has a jagged appearance in 3D (Figure
61), it does an acceptable job of capturing the complexity of the carbonate replacement deposit where deposition is assumed to have been
via the main Sierra Mojada Fault system with leakage along northern and north-westerly faults. The wireframe intersection with the plane
is magenta. 

Figure 61. Three-dimensional view of
the Mineral Zone wireframe 

 The surfaces and solids were then used
to create rock, density and percentage block models. The percentage block models were for topography, mineral zone, and underground workings
(voids). The rock codes used for modeling are shown in Table 30. 

 Table 30. Block Model Rock Codes 

Rock Type 
 Rock Code 
 Bulk Density (g/cm 3 
 
 Air 
 998 
 0 
 
 Void 
 999 
 0 
 
 Alluvium (QAL) 
 9 
 2.61 
 
 Conglomerate (UC) 
 13 
 2.54 
 
 Limestone 
 31 
 2.60 
 
 Mineral Zone 
 555 
 modeled 

152 

11.2.2 DATA EVALUATION AND STATISTICAL ANALYSIS 

 The Resource Database contains over 160,000 assay records.
Solids provided by Silver Bull representing mineralized zones were used to code samples. Samples not within these mineralized solids do
not impact the Mineral Resource estimate 

 The descriptive statistics for the sample data within the mineralized
solid is shown in Table 31, while correlation coefficients are shown in Table 32. 

Table 31. Basic Statistics of Assay
Data 

Variable 
 Ag (g/t) 
 Cu ) 
 Pb ) 
 Zn ) 
 
 Number of samples 
 76,127 
 81,851 
 81,851 
 77,391 
 
 Minimum value 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 
 Maximum value 
 10,000.00 
 14.7 
 30.2 
 53.8 
 
 Mean 
 31.70 
 0.032 
 0.21 
 2.68 
 
 Median 
 7.90 
 0.100 
 0.03 
 0.35 
 
 Standard Deviation 
 139.56 
 0.171 
 0.898 
 6.027 
 
 Coefficient of variation 
 4.40 
 5.39 
 4.28 
 2.24 
 
 99.0 Percentile 
 383.0 
 0.53 
 3.49 
 28.20 

Table 32. Assay Correlation Coefficients 

Ag 
 Cu 
 Pb 
 Zn 
 
 Ag 
 1.000 
 0.219 
 0.161 
 0.027 
 
 Cu 
 0.219 
 1.000 
 0.077 
 0.002 
 
 Pb 
 0.161 
 0.077 
 1.000 
 0.119 
 
 Zn 
 0.027 
 0.002 
 0.119 
 1.000 

Figure 62 shows a histogram plot for
silver within the mineralized solid. This plot shows that silver grade is relatively evenly distributed. There is a second population
of lower grade mineralization. Some of these are believed to represent edge cases along the mineralized solid boundaries where low grade
samples were included in the mineralized solid. 

153 

Figure 62. Silver Log-Histogram plot 

 11.2.3 CAPPING AND COMPOSITING 

 One metre composite were chosen because
the majority of samples are 1.0 m long. The mean length of samples within the mineralized solid is 1.10 m and median length is 1.00 m.
Samples were composited down-hole honouring the mineralized solid. Composites less than 0.5 m were not calculated. 

 Composites exceeding the high-grade limit
were limited to 20 m (2 blocks) in any direction. It is the Author s opinion that limiting the range of influence of composited
high values is appropriate for this project since the area has a mining history that included legitimate high grade silver (Veta Rica)
and high grade zinc mines (Frontireza, Esmeralda, Encatada etc). High-grade limits were set to approximately the 99 th percentile
for each element. 

 The compositing shows an improvement in the coefficient of variation
but little changes in other basic statistics Table
 33 within the data set. There are
no strong correlations between metals (Table 33) within the data set. There are no strong correlations between metals Table 34). 

154 

Table 33. Declustered Composite Statistics 

Variable 
 Ag 
 Cu 
 Pb 
 Zn 
 
 Number of samples 
 89,222 
 89,291 
 89,229 
 89,246 
 
 Minimum value 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 
 Maximum value 
 10,000.0 
 14.7 
 30.2 
 53.8 
 
 Mean 
 31.68 
 0.043 
 0.322 
 3.02 
 
 Median 
 8.00 
 0.010 
 0.040 
 0.36 
 
 Standard Deviation 
 91.70 
 0.14 
 1.00 
 6.70 
 
 Coefficient of variation 
 2.90 
 3.35 
 3.11 
 2.22 
 
 99.0 Percentile 
 398.0 
 0.69 
 5.38 
 33.93 

Table 34. Composite Correlation Coefficients 

Ag 
 Cu 
 Pb 
 Zn 
 
 Ag 
 1.000 
 0.246 
 0.137 
 0.013 
 
 Cu 
 0. 246 
 1.000 
 0.061 
 -0.006 
 
 Pb 
 0. 137 
 0. 061 
 1.000 
 0.112 
 
 Zn 
 0. 013 
 0. 006 
 0. 112 
 1.000 
 
 Examination of histograms and distribution
curves for the composited data did not reveal any significant multiple populations (Figure 63 and Figure 64). 

155 

Figure 63. Composite Silver Histogram 

Figure 64. Composite Zinc Histogram 

156 

11.2.4 BULK DENSITY ESTIMATION 

 Density for waste rock is based on approximately
3,500 samples from various rock types. This data had not been tabulated with corresponding Hole-ID and From-To information
so could not be used for Inverse Distance Squared (ID2) modeling. Instead, the average values had been used to populate the model. Background
waste rocks from that work is summarized in Table 14-3 with the corresponding Block Model rock codes. 

 Using an average value in the mineralized
zone fails to recognize variability due to very high zinc or lead grades. A total of 1,985 additional samples were taken and density measured
by the use of a pycnometer loaned by the neighbouring Pe oles La Dolomita Mine. These samples were used to estimate the density
of the mineralized zone by the use of the ID2 technique. 

 11.2.5 GEOSTATISTICAL ANALYSIS AND VARIOGRAPHY 

 Variograms were calculated for silver,
copper, lead and zinc composites within the mineralized solid to produce inputs for the estimate. 

 Horizontal continuity was modeled first
using eighteen horizontal variograms at 20 o increments. Continuity models were then created for the across strike and dip plane
orientations. Once the direction of maximum continuity was selected, a down-hole linear semi-variogram was created to determine the nugget
effect. Nested exponential models were fitted for all elements as summarized in Table 35. The anisotropy was assessed using Azimuth, Dip,
and Azimuth (ADA) rotation. 

 Table 35. Semi-Variogram Parameters. 

Metal 
 Azim 
 Dip 
 Azim 
 Co 
 C 1 
 C 2 
 X (m) 
 Y (m) 
 Z (m) 
 
 Ag 
 111.5 
 -3.5 
 18.0 
 0.16 
 0.48 
 
 47 
 34 
 29 

0.36 
 201 
 139 
 121 
 
 Cu 
 106.4 
 -6.3 
 13.5 
 0.25 
 0.55 
 
 29 
 19 
 16 

0.20 
 188 
 115 
 100 
 
 Pb 
 100.3 
 -3.4 
 9.7 
 0.24 
 0.26 
 
 34 
 22 
 18 

0.50 
 180 
 133 
 95 
 
 Zn 
 110 
 0 
 N/A 
 0.21 
 0.55 
 
 55 
 35 
 52 

0.24 
 205 
 144 
 157 

157 

While the deposit has a very strong east-west
orientation sub-parallel to the Sierra Mojada Fault, continuity is disrupted by numerous north and north-westerly faults. Displacements
within the mineralized zone are generally minor as has been noted during underground mine tours. These displacements have had a minor
effect on anisotropy as an easterly plunge is apparent. 

 11.3 BLOCK MODEL DEFINITION 

 The block model origin and orientation and
size are the same as the previous Mineral Resource estimate. The block model is not rotated and parameters are summarized in Table 36. 

 Table 36. Block Model Parameters 

Easting 
 Northing 
 Elevation 
 
 Minimum 
 628800 
 3016100 
 1050 
 
 Maximum 
 633500 
 3018000 
 2000 
 
 Block Size 
 10 
 10 
 10 
 
 No. Blocks 
 470 
 190 
 95 

A 10 m by 10 m by 10 m block size was
used and is believed a reasonable approximation of a selective mining unit (SMU) for either a small truck-excavator mining fleet or an
underground bulk mining operation. Supervisor was used to perform a Kriging Neighbourhood Analysis to validate the block size and estimation
parameters. 

 11.3.1 GRADE INTERPOLATION 

 Block model grades were estimated in
three passes using Ordinary Kriging (OK) with the minimum and maximum samples and searches as summarized in Table 37. The classification methodology used was that blocks meeting the criteria of Pass 1 would be flagged as Measured; Pass 2
 Indicated; and Pass 3 Inferred. 

158 

Silver, copper, lead and zinc were estimated
using Ordinary Kriging (OK) on uncapped composited 1.0m grades. 

 Table 37. Grade Interpolation Search Parameters 

Metal 
 Pass 
 Orientation Angle 
 Search Size 
 # of Composites 
 Max Samples per hole 

Az 
 Dip 
 Az 
 X (m) 
 Y(m) 
 Z(m) 
 Min 
 Max 

Ag 
 1 
 111.5 
 -3.5 
 18 
 30 
 25 
 20 
 8 
 30 
 4 
 
 2 
 111.5 
 -3.5 
 18 
 75 
 75 
 70 
 4 
 30 
 3 
 
 3 
 111.5 
 -3.5 
 18 
 150 
 125 
 120 
 3 
 30 
 2 

Cu 
 1 
 106.4 
 -6.3 
 13.5 
 25 
 20 
 15 
 8 
 30 
 4 
 
 2 
 106.4 
 -6.3 
 13.5 
 95 
 95 
 45 
 4 
 30 
 3 
 
 3 
 106.4 
 -6.3 
 13.5 
 150 
 120 
 100 
 3 
 30 
 2 

Pb 
 1 
 100.3 
 -3.4 
 9.7 
 30 
 25 
 20 
 8 
 30 
 4 
 
 2 
 100.3 
 -3.4 
 9.7 
 100 
 95 
 45 
 4 
 30 
 3 
 
 3 
 100.3 
 -3.4 
 9.7 
 150 
 125 
 85 
 3 
 30 
 2 

Zn 
 1 
 110 
 0.0 
 n/a 
 40 
 35 
 40 
 8 
 30 
 4 
 
 2 
 110 
 0.0 
 n/a 
 75 
 70 
 75 
 4 
 30 
 3 
 
 3 
 110 
 0.0 
 n/a 
 150 
 140 
 150 
 3 
 30 
 2 
 
 11.3.2 MINERAL RESOURCE CLASSIFICATION 

 According to the S-K 1300 regulations,
to reflect geological confidence, Mineral Resources are subdivided into the following categories based on increased geological confidence:
Inferred, Indicated, and Measured, which are defined under S-K 1300 as: 

 Inferred Mineral Resource is
that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of limited geological evidence and
sampling. The level of geological uncertainty associated with an inferred mineral resource is too high to apply relevant technical and
economic factors likely to influence the prospects of economic extraction in a manner useful for evaluation of economic viability. Because
an inferred mineral resource has the lowest level of geological confidence of all mineral resources, which prevents the application of
the modifying factors in a manner useful for evaluation of economic viability, an inferred mineral resource may not be considered when
assessing the economic viability of a mining project, and may not be converted to a mineral reserve. 

159 

Indicated Mineral Resource
is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of adequate geological evidence
and sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with an indicated mineral resource is sufficient to allow a qualified person
to apply modifying factors in sufficient detail to support mine planning and evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Because
an indicated mineral resource has a lower level of confidence than the level of confidence of a measured mineral resource, an indicated
mineral resource may only be converted to a probable mineral reserve. 

 Measured Mineral Resource is
that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of conclusive geological evidence and
sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with a measured mineral resource is sufficient to allow a qualified person to apply
modifying factors, as defined in this section, in sufficient detail to support detailed mine planning and final evaluation of the economic
viability of the deposit. Because a measured mineral resource has a higher level of confidence than the level of confidence of either
an indicated mineral resource or an inferred mineral resource, a measured mineral resource may be converted to a proven mineral reserve
or to a probable mineral reserve. 

The guideline commentary also clarifies
that the phrase reasonable prospects for economic extraction implies a judgment by the Qualified Person in respect
of the technical and economic factors likely to influence the prospect of economic extraction. A Mineral Resource is an inventory of mineralization
that under realistically assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions might become economically extractable. 

 Blocks were classified as measured, indicated,
and inferred based upon the OK pass they were estimated. Blocks estimated in the first pass are considered measured, while blocks that
were estimated during the second pass were classified as an Indicated category. All other blocks estimated are considered Inferred. This
method of classification is consistent with standard industry practices. Blocks estimated in the first pass are spatially closer to more
sample locations and therefore can be considered to have a higher level of confidence than blocks estimated in later passes. 

 11.3.3 BLOCK MODEL VALIDATION 

 The
block models were visually validated by comparing the blocks estimated with actual drill hole composite data on both section and in plan
view. Figure 65 and Figure 66 are section and
plan respectively. Composite grades are a good match to the estimated block grades. 

160 

Figure 65. Section 631500E Zinc blocks
versus Zinc grades. 

Figure 66. Planview 1355 Elevation
Zinc Blocks vs Zinc grades. 

161 

In
addition, nearest neighbor (NN) model and inverse distance squared (IDS) models were generated for comparison to the ordinary kriged (OK)
model. Table 38 shows the zero cut-off totals and percentage differences of the estimates.
The nearest neighbor model represents an unbiased estimate. The similarity of the three models further validates that OK is an appropriate
method for the resource estimate. 

 Table 38. Mineral Resource Estimate
Comparisons 

Model 
 Ag (g/t) 
 Cu ) 
 Pb ) 
 Zn ) 
 
 ID2 
 30.60 
 0.043 
 0.289 
 2.16 
 
 NN 
 30.88 
 0.044 
 0.291 
 2.13 
 
 OK 
 29.53 
 0.042 
 0.281 
 2.05 
 
 Diff: OK-IDS 
 -3.5 
 -3.4 . 
 -2.8 
 -5.4 
 
 Diff: OK-NN 
 -4.6 
 -5.2 
 -3.5 
 -3.9 

Grade-tonnage
curves for silver and zinc Figure 67 and Figure 68) were also prepared. 

Figure 67. Silver Grade Tonnage Curve 

162 

Figure 68. Zinc Grade Tonnage Curve 

 11.4 MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATE 

 To demonstrate reasonable prospects
for economic extraction , Archer Cathro generated a conceptual pit shell based on the parameters listed in Table 39 using Geovia
Whittle 4.7.2. These parameters are derived from the JDS PEA Nov 2013 using silver and zinc processing considerations and summarized in
Section 10. The silver ores will utilize cyanide leach technology and the zinc ores will be blended into the ore feed stream to allow
for zinc recovery in the SART (Sulfidization, Acidification, Recycling and Thickening) process. Silver and zinc metal prices were chosen
to be consistent with five year averages, which is believed to be sufficient long enough period to balance erratic price fluctuations
in the past two years. 

 It is the QP s opinion that these
prices are adequate for the determination of reasonable prospects for economic extraction . The material factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from the conclusions, estimates, or designs in the following section include any significant
differences from one or more of the material factors or assumptions that were set forth in this section including cut-off grade assumptions,
and product pricing forecasts. 

 Results of the Sierra Mojada conceptual
open pit Mineral Resource estimate are shown in Table 40 at a 13.50 NSR cut-off . Net smelter return NSR (US /tonne) values were calculated for each block for silver and zinc based on the parameters listed in Table 39 Below. 

163 

Table 39. Pit Optimization Parameters 

Parameter 
 Unit 
 Value 
 
 Silver 
 US /oz 
 18.00 
 
 Zinc 
 US /lb 
 1.20 
 
 Processing + G A Cost 
 US /t ore 
 12.00 
 
 Mining Cost Open Pit 
 US /t mined 
 1.50 
 
 Pit Slopes 
 degrees ) 
 55 
 
 Throughput 
 Tonne per day 
 8,500 
 
 Silver Recovery 
 
 75 
 
 Zinc Recovery to Solution 
 
 41 
 
 Zinc Recovery SART 
 
 99 
 
 Zinc Concentrate Grade 
 
 64 
 
 Silver Payable 
 
 99.5 
 
 Silver Transportation and Refining 
 US /oz 
 0.495 
 
 Zinc Payable 
 
 85 
 
 Zinc Smelting and Transportation 
 US /tonne 
 232.00 

Table 40. Pit-constrained Mineral Resource Estimate 

CLASS 
 Tonnes (Mt) 
 Ag (g/t) 
 Cu ) 
 Pb ) 
 Zn ) 
 NSR /t) 
 
 Ag 
 (Mozs) 
 
 Cu 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 Pb 
 (MLbs) 
 
 Zn 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 Measured 
 52.0 
 39.2 
 0.04 
 0.3 
 4.0 
 44.3 
 65.5 
 45.9 
 379.1 
 4,589.3 
 
 Indicated 
 18.4 
 37.0 
 0.03 
 0.2 
 1. 9 
 27.3 
 21.9 
 10.8 
 87.0 
 764.6 
 
 Total M I 
 70.4 
 38.6 
 0.04 
 0.3 
 3.4 
 39.8 
 87.4 
 56.8 
 466.1 
 5,353.9 
 
 Inferred 
 0.1 
 8.8 
 0.02 
 0.2 
 6.4 
 52.3 
 0.02 
 0.04 
 0.4 
 10.7 
 
 Notes: 

 1) S-K 1300 definitions were followed
for the Mineral Resource. 

 2) The Mineral Resource is reported
within a conceptual pit-shell using an NSR cut-off value of US 13.50/tonne. 

 3) Mineral resources are not reserves
and do not demonstrate economic viability. 

 4) Tonnages are reported to the nearest
100,000 tonne. Grades are rounded to the nearest decimal place for Ag, Zn, Pb and the nearest 2 decimal places for Cu 

 5) Rounding as required by reporting
guidelines may result in apparent summation differences between tonnes, grade, and contained metal. 

 6) Tonnage and grade are in metric
units; contained Zn, Cu, Pb are in imperial pounds. 

 7) Tonnages and grades are as reported
directly from block model; with mined out areas removed. 

 The open pit resources reported for variable silver and zinc
cut-offs within the conceptual pit shell are shown in 

164 

Table 41. Pit-constrained Mineral Resource Estimate by
Silver Cut-Off 

Category 
 Ag Cut-off ) 
 Tonnes (Mt) 
 Ag (g/t) 
 Cu ) 
 Pb ) 
 Zn ) 
 
 Ag 
 (Mozs) 
 
 Cu 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 Pb 
 (MLbs)) 
 
 Zn 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 MEASURED 
 25 
 21.0 
 83.6 
 0.08 
 0.5 
 2.6 
 56.5 
 37.4 
 245.8 
 1,222.25 
 
 35 
 15.9 
 101.2 
 0.10 
 0.6 
 2.5 
 51.6 
 34.4 
 201.6 
 869.2 
 
 45 
 12.5 
 117.7 
 0.11 
 0.6 
 2.5 
 47.3 
 31.7 
 168.3 
 679.2 
 
 50 
 11.2 
 126.6 
 0.12 
 0.6 
 2.5 
 45.3 
 30.3 
 155.0 
 611.2 
 
 55 
 10.1 
 134.2 
 0.13 
 0.6 
 2.5 
 43.4 
 29.1 
 141.5 
 548.4 
 
 60 
 9.1 
 142.3 
 0.14 
 0.6 
 2.5 
 41.7 
 28.0 
 129.8 
 493.2 
 
 65 
 8.3 
 149.7 
 0.15 
 0.7 
 2.5 
 40.1 
 26.9 
 120.0 
 452.3 
 
 70 
 7.5 
 158.4 
 0.15 
 0.7 
 2.5 
 38.4 
 25.6 
 110.6 
 409.9 
 
 75 
 6.9 
 166.5 
 0.16 
 0.7 
 2.4 
 36.9 
 24.6 
 101.7 
 370.9 
 
 INDICATED 
 25 
 10.4 
 54.9 
 0.03 
 0.2 
 1.3 
 18.4 
 7.9 
 53.2 
 288.1 
 
 35 
 7.3 
 65.4 
 0.04 
 0.2 
 1.3 
 15.4 
 6.6 
 40.0 
 208.2 
 
 45 
 5.0 
 77.6 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 12.4 
 5.2 
 27.4 
 142.4 
 
 50 
 4.1 
 84.0 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 11.1 
 4.4 
 23.2 
 119.5 
 
 55 
 3.4 
 90.7 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 9.9 
 3.6 
 19.8 
 98.1 
 
 60 
 2.9 
 96.8 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 8.9 
 2.9 
 17.0 
 83.0 
 
 65 
 2.4 
 102.9 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 8.0 
 2.5 
 14.0 
 68.8 
 
 70 
 2.0 
 109.5 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 7.2 
 2.2 
 11.8 
 56.6 
 
 75 
 1.8 
 115.7 
 0.05 
 0.3 
 1.3 
 6.5 
 1.8 
 10.0 
 49.8 
 
 TOTAL M I 
 50 
 15.2 
 114.9 
 0.10 
 0.5 
 2.2 
 56.3 
 34.7 
 178.2 
 730.7 
 
 INFERRED 
 25 
 0.01 
 28.8 
 0.07 
 0.3 
 1.6 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 0.06 
 0.35 
 
 35 
 0.00 
 0.0 
 0.00 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 
 45 
 0.00 
 0.0 
 0.00 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 
 NOTES as per Table 40 . 

165 

Table 42. Pit-constrained Mineral Resource Estimate by
Zinc Cut-Off 

Category 
 Zn Cut-off ) 
 Tonnes (Mt) 
 Ag (g/t) 
 Cu ) 
 Pb ) 
 Zn ) 
 
 Ag 
 (Mozs) 
 
 Cu 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 Pb 
 (MLbs) 
 
 Zn 
 (Mlbs) 
 
 MEASURED 
 4 
 17.1 
 26.9 
 0.02 
 0.4 
 9.5 
 14.8 
 8.6 
 162.3 
 3,578.5 
 
 6 
 11.9 
 22.3 
 0.02 
 0.4 
 11.5 
 8.5 
 4.7 
 106.4 
 3,019.7 
 
 8 
 8.6 
 19.3 
 0.02 
 0.4 
 13.3 
 5.3 
 2.9 
 69.9 
 2,505.1 
 
 10 
 6.2 
 15.8 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 15.0 
 3.1 
 2.1 
 43.6 
 2,030.0 
 
 11 
 5.1 
 14.5 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 15.8 
 2.4 
 1.7 
 34.0 
 1,794.8 
 
 12 
 4.3 
 13.8 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 16.7 
 1.9 
 1.4 
 27.6 
 1,586.5 
 
 13 
 3.6 
 12.9 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 17.5 
 1.5 
 1.2 
 21.2 
 1,381.2 
 
 14 
 2.9 
 11.7 
 0.02 
 0.2 
 18.5 
 1.1 
 1.0 
 15.3 
 1,170.8 
 
 INDICATED 
 4 
 2.5 
 22.2 
 0.03 
 0.3 
 7.7 
 1.8 
 1.5 
 17.6 
 417.0 
 
 6 
 1.6 
 20.4 
 0.03 
 0.3 
 9.2 
 1.0 
 0.9 
 11.1 
 317.0 
 
 8 
 0.8 
 18.7 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 11.4 
 0.5 
 0.3 
 5.8 
 200.8 
 
 10 
 0.4 
 19.2 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 13.7 
 0.2 
 0.2 
 2.9 
 124.4 
 
 11 
 0.3 
 19.5 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 15.0 
 0.2 
 0.1 
 2.0 
 98.1 
 
 12 
 0.2 
 19.6 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 15.9 
 0.2 
 0.1 
 1.6 
 83.1 
 
 13 
 0.2 
 19.8 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 16.4 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 1.3 
 74.3 
 
 14 
 0.2 
 21.9 
 0.02 
 0.3 
 16.9 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 1.1 
 65.3 
 
 TOTAL M I 
 6 
 13.5 
 22.0 
 0.02 
 0.4 
 11.2 
 9.6 
 5.6 
 117.5 
 3,336.6 
 
 INFERRED 
 4 
 0.05 
 5.9 
 0.01 
 0.2 
 8.5 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 0.2 
 9.97 
 
 6 
 0.04 
 6.5 
 0.01 
 0.2 
 9.6 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 0.2 
 8.60 
 
 8 
 0.03 
 5.7 
 0.01 
 0.2 
 11.0 
 0.00 
 0.01 
 0.1 
 6.34 
 
 NOTES as per Table 40 . 

166 

11.4.1 FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ESTIMATE 

 It is the QP s opinion that the
Mineral Resource block model is representative of the informing data and that the data is of sufficient quality to support the Mineral
Resource Estimate. 

 Risk factors that could potentially affect
the Mineral Resources estimates include: 

Assumptions used to generate
the conceptual data for consideration of reasonable prospects of economic extraction including: 

long-term commodity price assumptions 

changes in local interpretations
of mineralization geometry and continuity of mineralization zones 

metal recovery assumptions 

concentrate grade and smelting/refining
terms. 

The estimated tonnage of mineralization
to be mined may vary as infill drilling provides more detailed information about characteristics, thickness and continuity of grade in
the deposit. 

Delays or other issues in reaching
agreements with local communities 

Changes in permitting requirements 

 It is the QP s
opinion that technical factors that are likely to influence the prospect of economic extraction, including geological interpretations
and metallurgical recovery, can be resolved through additional testwork and drilling. Issues related to existing agreements and permitting
requirements believed to be able to be resolved. 

167 

12
MINERAL RESERVE ESTIMATES 

 Not applicable to this report. 

168 

13
MINING METHODS 

 Not applicable to this report. 

169 

14
PROCESS AND RECOVERY METHODS 

 Not applicable to this report. 

170 

15
INFRASTRUCTURE 

 Not applicable to this report. 

171 

16
MARKET STUDIES 

 Not applicable to this report. 

172 

17
ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES, PERMITTING AND PLANS, NEGOTIATIONS OR AGREEMENTS WITH INDIVIDUALS OR GROUPS 

 Not applicable to this report. 

173 

18
CAPITAL AND OPERATING COSTS 

 Not applicable to this report. 

174 

19
ECONOMIC ANALYSIS 

 Not applicable to this report. 

175 

20
ADJACENT PROPERTIES 

 All of Silver Bull s holdings cover all
the mineralized zones, and while the Sierra Mojada District and the Sierra Mojada property has been the subject of past production, there
are currently no adjacent properties or operators publicly reporting resources or reserves. 

 The only commercial mining operation active
within the area is the adjacent dolomite quarrying operation of Pe oles. The quarry has a small staff 

 No information from adjacent properties was
used in the completion of this report. 

176 

21
OTHER RELEVANT DATA AND INFORMATION 

 On September 30, 2019 Silver Bull halted all
work on the Sierra Mojada project due to a blockade by a cooperative of local miners called Sociedad Cooperative de Exploraci n
Minera Mineros Norte os, S.C.L. Mineros Norte os ). 

 Silver Bull has an agreement with Mineros Norte os
on Unification de Minera Nortenos and Vulcano mineral licences which cover the eastern part of the Sierra Mojada deposit. These licences
are subject to a 2 production royalty capped at US 6.875 million the Royalty ). Payment would go to Mineros Norte os
should a mine go into production. 

 Since 2014, Silver Bull had been fighting a lawsuit
by Mineros Norte os seeking payment of the Royalty, including interest at a rate of 6 per annum since August 30, 2004, even though
no revenue has been produced from the applicable mining concessions. Mineros Norte os also sought payment of wages to the Mineros
Norte os members since August 30, 2004 under this agreement, even though none of the individuals were hired or performed work for
Silver Bull under this agreement and Silver Bull did not commit to hiring them. On October 4, 2017, the court ruled that Mineros Norte os
was time barred from bringing the case. On October 19, 2017, Mineros Norte os appealed this ruling. On July 31, 2019, the Federal
Appeal Court held the original ruling. This ruling was been subsequently challenged by Mineros Norte os. 

 On March 31, 2021 Silver Bull announced it had
won the law suit against Minera Nortenos and the courts agreed Silver Bull did not owe Minera Nortneos any royalty payments until the
mine goes into production. 

 In an attempt to force Silver Bull into making
a settlement before the final court ruling is issued on March 31, 2022, Mineros Norte os undertook to illegally block access to
the project. To ensure the safety of all involved, Silver Bull elected to halt all operations on the project until a resolution can be
found. 

 Despite the court ruling in its favor,
and the fact that Silver Bull has at all times proceeded in accordance with the law, the Sierra Mojada project remains under an illegal
blockade. To date the Mexican authorities have refused to intervene despite the blockade clearly being in violation of the law. 

 Silver Bull continues to engage in good
faith dialogue with selected members from Minera Norte os to try and find a solution that facilitates the resumption of work on
the project. 

177 

22 INTERPRETATIONS AND CONCLUSIONS 

22.1 INTERPRETATIONS AND CONCLUSIONS 

 The alteration-mineralizing events
have generated two types of mineralization in the Sierra Mojada district; The Shallow Silver Zone (SSZ) and the Base Metal Manto Zone
(BMM). Mineralization in the Shallow Silver Zone is dominated by acanthite, the silver halide solid solution of bromargyrite-chloragyrite,
and tennantite. Silver occurs in early to late high grade structures, karst breccias, low-angle fault breccias, and mantos, and as disseminated
replacements in porous hydrothermally altered dolomites. 

The Base Metal mineralization is dominated
by hemimorphite in the Red Zinc zone and smithsonite in the White Zinc zone. Mineralization primarily occurs as replacement of karst breccia
and accessory faults which feed the breccia zones. Nonsulfide Base Metal mineralization is a result of oxidation and supergene enrichment
of an original zone of semi-to massive pyritesphalerite-galena ore largely located in the Lead zone manto mineralization. 

The result is a silver (copper)
rich polymetallic zone of mineralization overlaying a large non-sulfide zinc-lead resource, both forming a linear zone of manto shaped
mineralization cross cut by mineralized structures. Tuun AFK 2015 ). 

 It is the QP s opinion that
the Mineral Resource block model is representative of the informing data and that the data is of sufficient quality to support the Mineral
Resource Estimate. The estimated tonnage of mineralization to be mined may vary as infill drilling provides more detailed information
about characteristics, thickness and continuity of grade in the deposit. 

22.2 DEPOSIT MODEL CONCLUSIONS 

 Sierra Mojada is a polymetallic Pb-Zn-Ag-Cu district
and it represents the distal expression of Carbonate Replacement Deposit (CRD) mineralization which is well documented in northern Mexico.
The Sierra Mojada district demonstrates a well-known base metal zoning pattern overprinted by silver mineralization. Tuun AFK
2015 

 Silver Bull recognizes the importance of cross-cutting
structures for fluid-flow and the resultant chimney effects seen in parts of the white zinc and red zinc zones. A better
understanding of the major structures (e.g. Calabassos) will help to delineate future targets such as the Parre a. Tuun 
AFK 2015 

178 

22.3 RESOURCE MODELING CONCLUSIONS 

 Silver
Bull Resources continues to employ state of the art exploration techniques at Sierra Mojada. All data collected is managed in Microsoft
Excel or Access, and then transformed to a visual format in MapInfo. AutoCAD is also used for tracking mineral leases, surface and claim
boundaries and locating shafts and adits. 

 The current
Mineral Resource utilizes a single wireframe that encompasses the carbonate replacement deposit. This eliminates hard boundaries 
and allows more samples to be available for estimation. Conceptual pit shells generated to demonstrate reasonable prospects for
economic extraction were primarily driven by zinc resources. This further highlights the importance of the deeper zinc zones at
Sierra Mojada. 

179 

23 RECOMMENDATIONS 

 The authors recommend the next phase work program for
Silver Bull Resources to consider on the oxide mineralization should include: 

Complete additional metallurgical test work on both the silver and the zinc
to confirm recovery parameters. 

Consider a pilot-plant program to prove the viability of the selected process 

The next phase work program should include geotechnical drilling to confirm
appropriate slope angles for future open pit design work. 

Continue underground diamond drill work for improved interpretation and
modeling of domains. 

Detail power and water sources, requirements, and begin all permitting processes.

Examine the potential of the silver and zinc zones as stand-alone minable
resources. 

Conduct a Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA). 

Continue to explore the property
with an emphasis on targeting potential sulphide targets. 

The Authors estimates that the total cost of the next phase
work program is approximately US 2.0M. 

Table 43. Estimated Cost of Recommended Work Programs 

Item 
 Cost in US 
 
 Drilling of 5,000 meters (Exploration; geotechnical; metallurgical) 
 1,000,000 
 
 Geotechnical analysis (equipment rentals; collection; analysis) 
 500,000 
 
 Hydrological packer testing 8 @ ~ 2500 each) 
 20,000 
 
 Metallurgical testing SART and Zinc process 
 200,000 
 
 Preliminary Economic Analysis study 
 300,000 

Subtotal 
 2,020,000 

180 

24 REFERENCES 

 Ahn, Hye In,
2010, Mineralogy and geochemistry of the non-sulphide Zn deposits in the Sierra Mojada district, Coahuila, Mexico, 179p. MSc. thesis,
University of Texas-Austin, August 2010. 

 Borg, G., 2009,
The influence of fault structures on the genesis of supergene zinc deposits. Society of Economic Geologists, Special Publication No. 14,
2009, pp 121-132. 

 Clark, J. L., Conner, J. R., and McMahon,
A. M., Pincock, Allen Holt, 2010, Technical Report and Resource Estimate for the Sierra Mojada Project, Mexico. January 29, 2010. 

Davis, B. M.,
Some Methods of Producing Interval Estimates for Global and Local Resources, SME Preprint 97-5, 4p. 

 Gonzalez-Sanchez,
et al, 2009, Regional stratigraphy and distribution of epigenetic stratabound celestine, fluorite, barite and Pb Zn deposits
in the MVT province of northeastern Mexico. Mineralium Deposita, 2009, vol. 44, pp 343 361. 

 Gryger, S.M.,
2010, Geologic framework of the Sierra Mojada mining district, Coahuila, Mexico; An integrative study of a Mesozoic platform-basin margin,
376p. MSc. thesis, University of Texas-Austin, December 2010. 

 Israel, S., 2011
 2016, Internal reports on the Geology and Structure at Sierra Mojada, Mexico. 2011 - 2016 

 JDS Energy 
Mining Inc., Preliminary Economic Assessment on the Sierra Mojada Silver Project, Coahuila State, Mexico. December 16, 2013 

 JDS Energy 
Mining Inc., Technical Report on the Sierra Mojada Silver Project, Coahuila State, Mexico, April 30, 2013 

 Kappes, Cassiday Associates 2010c,
Sierra Mojada Project, Report of Metallurgical Test Work, October 2010. 

 Kappes, Cassiday Associates,
2010a, Coeur Mexico Project, Report on Metallurgical Test Work, February 2010. 

 Kappes, Cassiday Associates,
2010b, Sierra Mojada Project, Report of Metallurgical Test Work, May 2010. 

 King, Martin,
2010, A geological review of the Sierra Mojada zinc-lead-silver-copper project, June 25, 2010. Internal Metalline Mining company report. 

181 

McGee, J.W, et
al, 1990, Stratigraphy and provenance of strata along the San Marcos fault, central Coahuila, Mexico: Geological Society of America Bulletin
v. 102, pp 593-614. 

 McKee, J. W. and Jones, N. W. 1979,
A large Mesozoic fault in Coahuila, Mexico: Geological Society of America Abstracts with Programs, v. 11, p. 476. 

 McKee, J. W., Jones, N. W. and Long,
L. E., 1990, Stratigraphy and provenance of strata along the San Marcos fault, central Coahuila, Mexico: Geological Society of America
Bulletin v. 102, pp 593-614. 

 McMahon, A. M. 2010, Pincock, Allen
 Holt, Re-Sampling Program for the Sierra Mojada Project Coahuila State, Mexico, August 11, 2010. 

 Megaw, Peter,
2009, Evaluation of oxidized Pb-Zn carbonate replacement deposits of Mexico in light of supergene zinc and residual lead enrichment processes.
Society of Economic Geologists, Special Publication No. 14, 2009, pp 51-58. 

 Megaw, Peter,
et al, 1988, High temperature, carbonate hosted Ag-Pb-Zn (Cu) deposits of northern Mexico: Journal of Economic Geology, v 83, No 8, p
1856-1885. 

 Megaw, Peter,
et al, 1996, Carbonate-hosted lead-zinc (Ag, Cu, Au) deposits of northern Chihuahua, Mexico. Society of Economic Geologists, Special Publication
No. 4, 1996, pp 277-289. 

 Mountain States R D International,
Inc., 2011, Progress Report No.1 Regarding Three Silver Ore Composites Sierra Mojada. January 06, 2011. 

 Natalie Pietrzak
and Jim Renaud, 2011, A petrographic and microprobe investigation of the carbonate mineral chemistry as it relates to silver grade at
Sierra Mojada, February 11, 2011. 

 Nilsson J., and
Simpson, R.G, 2009, Technical report shallow silver zone silver-zinc deposit, Sierra Mojada Project, Coahuila state, Mexico,
130p. S-K 1300 report prepared for Metalline Mining Company and filed on SEDAR. 

 Pincock, Allen
 Holt, 2010, Technical Report and Resource Estimate for the Sierra Mojada Project, Mexico, January 29, 2010. S-K 1300 technical report
prepared for Metalline Mining Company and filed on SEDAR. 

 Process Engineering LLC, 2011, Sierra
Mojada Project Silver Oxide System Metallurgical Test Work Review, 14p. 

 Reeves, A., and
Loschiavo A., 2015, Updated Technical Report on the Sierra Mojada Silver Project, Coahuila State, Mexico, May 2015. 

 Reichert, J.,
2009, A geochemical model of supergene carbonate-hosted nonsulphide zinc deposits. Society of Economic Geologists, Special Publication
No. 14, 2009, pp 69-76. 

182 

Sillitoe, Richard,
2009, Supergene silver enrichment reassessed. Society of Economic Geologists, Special Publication No. 14, 2009, pp 15-32. 

 Simpson, R., G., and Nilsson, J., 2011,
Technical report Shallow Silver Zone Silver Zinc Deposit Sierra Mojada Project, Coahuila State, Mexico, 130p. 

 SRK Consulting
(Canada) Inc., 2012, Technical Report on the Sierra Mojada Silver Project, Coahuila State, Mexico, Report No.2CS030.001, July 06, 2012. 

 Stockhausen,
Tim, 2012, The Upper Conglomerate and Its Importance to the Sierra Mojada Ag-Zn Deposit System, Coahuila, Mexico, 151 p. PhD. thesis,
Colorado School of Mines, December 2012. 

 Thorson, J.,
2010, Sierra Mojada, ferruginous breccia, Fbx, June 3, 2010. Internal Metalline Mining Company report, 18p. 

 Wyss, Gary, 2013, MLA Characterization
of ore samples from Sierra Mojada, for Silver Bull Resources, Center for Advanced Mineral and Metallurgical Processing, Butte, Montana,
January 23, 2013. 48p. 

183 

25
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION BY THE REGISTRANT 

 This report was prepared as a S-K 1300 Technical
Report for Silver Bull Resources Inc. The quality of information, conclusions and estimates contained herein is based on: (i) information
available at the time of preparation; (ii) data supplied by outside sources, and (iii) the assumptions, conditions and qualifications
set forth in this report. 

The Authors have no reason to believe that Silver
Bull have not acted in good faith providing this information, but the authors are not qualified to evaluate legal title matter. The property
description presented in this report is not intended to represent a legal, or any other opinion as to title. 

 Silver Bull Resources Inc. is authorized to file
this report as a Technical Report with the Securities Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to securities legislation. Except
for the purposes legislated under securities law, any other use of this report by any third party is at that party s sole risk. 

184 

26
DATE AND SIGNATURE PAGE 

This report titled S-K1300 SUMMARY TECHNICAL REPORT on the RESOURCES
of the SILVER-ZINC SIERRA MOJADA PROJECT COAHUILA, MEXICO with an effective date of January 24, 2023 was prepared and signed by: 

Archer Cathro Associates Ltd. (Sections 1,2,3, 9 11) 

 signed and sealed) Archer Cathro Associates Ltd. 

And 

Timothy Barry, Silver Bull Resources Inc. (Sections 1-8, 10, 20 and
21) 

 signed and sealed) Silver Bull Resources Inc. 

185 

</EX-96.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 85
 svbl-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 86
 svbl-20221031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 87
 svbl-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 88
 svbl-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 89
 svbl-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

