<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_1283699_0001283699-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23222716</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>988949</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3384265</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8816523</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5134676</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4428451</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001283699-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214160354
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001283699-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		144
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			T-Mobile US, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001283699
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS [4812]
		IRS NUMBER:				200836269
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33409
		FILM NUMBER:		23628643

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12920 SE 38TH STREET
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-318-9270

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12920 SE 38TH STREET
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METROPCS COMMUNICATIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040315

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001283699-23-000016.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 tmus-20221231.htm
 TMUS FORM 10-K

tmus-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was billion based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. As of February 10, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Table of Contents PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 27 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 114 
 Item 9A . 
 Controls and Procedures 
 114 
 Item 9B . 
 Other Information 
 115 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 115 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 115 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 115 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 115 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 116 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 116 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 116 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 116 
 Index to Exhibits 
 117 
 Signatures 
 128 

2 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K of T-Mobile US, Inc. T-Mobile, we, our, us or the Company includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, including information concerning our future results of operations, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, could or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. The following important factors, along with the Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K, could affect future results and cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
 competition, industry consolidation and changes in the market for wireless communications services and other forms of connectivity; 
 criminal cyberattacks, disruption, data loss or other security breaches; 
 our inability to take advantage of technological developments on a timely basis; 
 our inability to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel or maintain our corporate culture; 
 system failures and business disruptions, allowing for unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems; 
 the scarcity and cost of additional wireless spectrum, and regulations relating to spectrum use; 
 the difficulties in maintaining multiple billing systems following our merger (the Merger with Sprint Corporation Sprint pursuant to a Business Combination Agreement with Sprint and the other parties named therein (as amended, the Business Combination Agreement and any unanticipated difficulties, disruption, or significant delays in our long-term strategy to convert Sprint s legacy customers onto T-Mobile s billing platforms; 
 the impacts of the actions we have taken and conditions we have agreed to in connection with the regulatory proceedings and approvals of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (collectively, the Transactions ), including the acquisition by DISH Network Corporation DISH of the prepaid wireless business operated under the Boost Mobile and Sprint prepaid brands (excluding the Assurance brand Lifeline customers and the prepaid wireless customers of Shenandoah Personal Communications Company LLC Shentel and Swiftel Communications, Inc.), including customer accounts, inventory, contracts, intellectual property and certain other specified assets, and the assumption of certain related liabilities (collectively, the Prepaid Transaction ), the complaint and proposed final judgment agreed to by us, Deutsche Telekom AG DT ), Sprint, SoftBank Group Corp. SoftBank and DISH with the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, which was approved by the Court on April 1, 2020, the proposed commitments filed with the Secretary of the Federal Communications Commission FCC ), which we announced on May 20, 2019, certain national security commitments and undertakings, and any other commitments or undertakings entered into, including but not limited to, those we have made to certain states and nongovernmental organizations (collectively, the Government Commitments ), and the challenges in satisfying the Government Commitments in the required time frames and the significant cumulative costs incurred in tracking and monitoring compliance over multiple years; 
 adverse economic, political or market conditions in the U.S. and international markets, including changes resulting from increases in inflation or interest rates, supply chain disruptions and impacts of current geopolitical instability caused by the war in Ukraine; 
 our inability to manage the ongoing commercial and transition services arrangements entered into in connection with the Prepaid Transaction, and known or unknown liabilities arising in connection therewith; 
 the timing and effects of any future acquisition, divestiture, investment, or merger involving us; 
 any disruption or failure of our third parties (including key suppliers) to provide products or services for the operation of our business; 
 our inability to fully realize the synergy benefits from the Transactions in the expected time frame; 
 our substantial level of indebtedness and our inability to service our debt obligations in accordance with their terms or to comply with the restrictive covenants contained therein; 
 changes in the credit market conditions, credit rating downgrades or an inability to access debt markets; 
 restrictive covenants including the agreements governing our indebtedness and other financings; 
 the risk of future material weaknesses we may identify or any other failure by us to maintain effective internal controls, and the resulting significant costs and reputational damage; 
 any changes in regulations or in the regulatory framework under which we operate; 
 3 

laws and regulations relating to the handling of privacy and data protection; 
 unfavorable outcomes of and increased costs from existing or future regulatory or legal proceedings; 
 our offering of regulated financial services products and exposure to a wide variety of state and federal regulations; 
 new or amended tax laws or regulations or administrative interpretations and judicial decisions affecting the scope or application of tax laws or regulations; 
 our wireless licenses, including those controlled through leasing agreements, are subject to renewal and may be revoked; 
 our exclusive forum provision as provided in our Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation 
 interests of DT, our controlling stockholder, that may differ from the interests of other stockholders; 
 future sales of our common stock by DT and SoftBank and our inability to attract additional equity financing outside the United States due to foreign ownership limitations by the FCC; and 
 our 2022 Stock Repurchase Program (as defined in Note 15 Repurchases of Common Stock of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements) may not be fully consummated, and our share repurchase program may not enhance long-term stockholder value. 
 
 In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking environmental, social and governance ESG related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, and internal controls and processes that continue to evolve. Our ESG initiatives are subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including regarding the evolving nature of data availability, quality, and assessment; related methodological concerns; our ability to implement various initiatives under expected timeframes, cost, and complexity; our dependency on third-parties to provide certain information and to comply with applicable laws and policies; and other unforeseen events or conditions. These factors, as well as others, may cause results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Additionally, we may provide information that is not necessarily material for SEC reporting purposes but that is informed by various ESG standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data), internal controls, and assumptions or third-party information that are still evolving and subject to change. Our disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable governmental policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. 
 
 Investors and others should note that we announce material information to our investors using our investor relations website (https://investor.t-mobile.com), newsroom website (https://t-mobile.com/news), press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. We intend to also use certain social media accounts as means of disclosing information about us and our services and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD (the @TMobileIR Twitter account (https://twitter.com/TMobileIR), the @MikeSievert Twitter account (https://twitter.com/MikeSievert), which Mr. Sievert also uses as a means for personal communications and observations, and the @TMobileCFO Twitter Account (https://twitter.com/tmobilecfo) and our Chief Financial Officer s LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-osvaldik-3887394), both of which Mr. Osvaldik also uses as a means for personal communication and observations). The information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these social media channels in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The social media channels that we intend to use as a means of disclosing the information described above may be updated from time to time as listed on our Investor Relations website. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Business Overview and Strategy 
 
 Un-carrier Strategy 
 
 We are America s supercharged Un-carrier. Through our Un-carrier strategy, we have disrupted the wireless communications services industry by actively engaging with and listening to our customers and focusing on eliminating their existing pain points. This includes providing added value and what we believe is an exceptional experience while implementing signature Un-carrier initiatives that have changed the wireless industry. We ended annual service contracts, overages, unpredictable international roaming fees and data buckets, among other things. We are inspired by a relentless customer experience focus, consistently leading the wireless industry in customer care by delivering award-winning customer experience with our Team of Experts, which drives our record-high customer satisfaction levels while enabling operational efficiencies. 
 
 With America s largest, fastest, most reliable and most awarded 5G network, the Un-carrier strives to offer customers unrivaled coverage and capacity where they live, work and travel. We believe our network is the foundation of our success and powers everything we do. Our layer cake of spectrum provides an unmatched 5G experience to our customers, which consists of our foundational layer of low-band, our mid-band and our millimeter-wave mmWave spectrum licenses (See Spectrum Position below). Our layer cake broadens and deepens our nationwide 5G network, enabling accelerated innovation and increased competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries. 
 
 We continue to expand the footprint and improve the quality of our network, enabling us to provide what we believe are outstanding wireless experiences for customers who should not have to compromise on quality and value. Our network allows us to deliver new, innovative products and services, such as our High Speed Internet fixed wireless product, with the same customer experience focus and industry-disrupting mindset that we have adopted in our attempt to redefine the wireless communications services industry in the United States in the customers favor. 
 
 Our Operations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we provide wireless communications services to 113.6 million postpaid and prepaid customers and generate revenue by providing affordable wireless communications services to these customers, as well as a wide selection of wireless devices and accessories. We also provide wholesale wireless services to various partners, who then offer the services for sale to their customers. Our most significant expenses relate to operating and expanding our network, providing a full range of devices, acquiring and retaining high-quality customers and compensating employees. We provide services, devices and accessories across our flagship brands, T-Mobile and Metro by T-Mobile, through our owned and operated retail stores, as well as through our websites (www.t-mobile.com and www.metrobyt-mobile.com), T-Mobile app, customer care channels and through national retailers. In addition, we sell devices to dealers and other third-party distributors for resale through independent third-party retail outlets and a variety of third-party websites. The information on our websites is not part of this Form 10-K. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information. 
 
 Services and Products 
 
 We provide mobile wireless communications services through a variety of service plan options. We also offer for sale to customers a wide selection of wireless devices, including smartphones, wearables, tablets, home broadband routers and other mobile communication devices that are manufactured by various suppliers. 
 
 Our most popular service plan offering is Magenta Max, which allows customers to subscribe for wireless communications services separately from the purchase of a device. This plan includes unlimited talk, text and data on our network, 5G access at no extra cost, scam protection features and more. We also offer an Essentials rate plan for customers who want the basics at a lower price point, as well as specific rate plans to qualifying customers, including Business, Military and Veterans, First Responder, and Unlimited 55+. 
 
 At the time of device purchase, qualified customers can finance all or a portion of the individual device or accessory purchase price over an installment period, generally of 24 months, using an equipment installment plan EIP ). For certain existing customers, devices are leased over an initial period of up to 18 months and may be upgraded when eligibility requirements are met. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to our mobile wireless communications services, we offer High Speed Internet, which is a fixed wireless product that utilizes the excess capacity of our nationwide 5G network. Our fixed wireless product is available to millions of domestic households, providing an alternative to traditional landline internet service providers and expanding access to many people who have historically had only one choice or no access to traditional home broadband. With our High Speed Internet plan, customers can access the internet without worrying about annual service contracts, data overages or hidden fees. 
 
 We also provide products and services that are complementary to our wireless communications services, including device protection, financial services, advertising and wireline communication services to domestic and international customers. In September 2022, we entered into an agreement for the sale of the Wireline Business. See Note 16 Wireline for additional information. 
 
 Customers 
 
 We provide wireless communications services to a variety of customers needing connectivity, but focus primarily on two categories of customers: 
 
 Postpaid customers generally are qualified to pay after receiving wireless communications services utilizing phones, High Speed Internet, tablets, wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices; and 
 Prepaid customers generally pay for wireless communications services, including High Speed Internet, in advance. Our prepaid customers include customers of T-Mobile and Metro by T-Mobile. 
 
 Our customer base includes consumers as well as business customers, who are provided services under the T-Mobile for Business brand. 
 
 We provide Machine-to-Machine M2M and Mobile Virtual Network Operator MVNO customers access to our network. This access and the customer relationship are managed by wholesale partners, with whom we have commercial agreements permitting them to sell services utilizing our network. 
 
 We generate the majority of our service revenues by providing wireless communications services to postpaid and prepaid customers. Our ability to attract and retain postpaid and prepaid customers is important to our business in the generation of service revenues, equipment revenues and other revenues. In 2022, our service revenues generated by providing wireless communications services by customer category were: 
 
 75 Postpaid customers; 
 16 Prepaid customers; and 
 9 Wholesale and other services. 
 
 Substantially all of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were earned in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
 
 Network Strategy 
 
 Utilizing our multi-layer spectrum portfolio, our mission is to become Famous for Network. We have deployed low-band, mid-band and mmWave spectrum dedicated for 5G across our dense and broad network to create what we believe is America s largest, fastest, most reliable and most awarded 5G network. 
 
 The Merger greatly enhanced our spectrum position. Integration of the spectrum and network assets acquired in the Merger is expected to continue through 2023. Our integration strategy includes deploying the acquired spectrum on the combined network assets to supplement capacity, migrating Sprint customers to our network and optimizing the combined assets by decommissioning redundant sites. As of December 31, 2022, we have decommissioned substantially all targeted Sprint macro sites. As a result of the Merger, we have achieved, and expect to continue to achieve, significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within our network, as well as through other business processes and operations. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Spectrum Position 
 
 We provide wireless communications services utilizing low-band spectrum licenses covering our 600 MHz and 700 MHz spectrum, mid-band spectrum licenses, such as Advanced Wireless Services AWS ), Personal Communications Services PCS and 2.5 GHz spectrum, and mmWave spectrum. 
 
 We controlled, or expected to control based on previously announced auction results, an average of 388 MHz of combined low- and mid-band spectrum nationwide as of December 31, 2022. This spectrum is comprised of: 
 An average of 38 MHz in the 600 MHz band; 
 An average of 10 MHz in the 700 MHz band; 
 An average of 14 MHz in the 800 MHz band; 
 An average of 40 MHz in the 1700 MHz AWS band; 
 An average of 66 MHz in the 1900 MHz PCS band; 
 An average of 181 MHz in the 2.5 GHz band; 
 An average of 12 MHz in the 3.45 GHz band; and 
 An average of 27 MHz in the C-band. 
 We controlled an average of 1,157 GHz of combined mmWave spectrum licenses. 
 In January 2022, the FCC announced that we were the winning bidder of 199 licenses in Auction 110 (mid-band spectrum) for an aggregate purchase price of 2.9 billion. On May 4, 2022, the FCC issued to us the licenses won in Auction 110. 
 In August 2022, we entered into license purchase agreements pursuant to which we will acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band in exchange for total cash consideration of 3.5 billion. See Note 6 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets for additional details. 
 In September 2022, the FCC announced that we were the winning bidder of 7,156 licenses in Auction 108 (2.5 GHz spectrum) for an aggregate price of 304 million. The timing of when the licenses will be issued will be determined by the FCC after all post-auction procedures have been completed. 
 We plan to evaluate future spectrum purchases in future auctions and in the secondary market to further augment our current spectrum position. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had equipment deployed on approximately 79,000 macro cell sites and 41,000 small cell/distributed antenna system sites across our network. 
 
 5G Leadership 
 
 Our 5G network is America s largest, fastest, most reliable and most awarded: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Ultra Capacity 5G utilizing mid-band and mmWave spectrum covers 263 million people. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total 5G coverage, including low-band spectrum, covers 325 million people, reaching 98 of Americans. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The wireless communications services industry is highly competitive. We are the second largest provider of wireless communications services in the U.S. as measured by our total postpaid and prepaid customers. Our competitors include other national carriers, such as AT T Inc. AT T and Verizon Communications, Inc. Verizon ). In addition, our competitors include numerous smaller and regional carriers, MVNOs, including Comcast Corporation, Charter Communications, Inc., Altice USA, Inc. and DISH, many of which offer no-contract, postpaid and prepaid service plans. Competitors also include providers who offer similar communication services, such as voice, messaging and data services, using alternative technologies. Competitive factors within the wireless communications services industry include pricing, market saturation, service and product offerings, customer experience, network investment and quality, development and deployment of technologies and regulatory changes. Some of our competitors have shown a willingness to use aggressive pricing or offer bundled services as a potential source of differentiation. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 71,000 full-time and part-time employees, including network, retail, administrative and customer support functions. 
 
 Attraction and Retention 
 
 We employ a highly skilled workforce within a broad range of functions. Substantially all of our employees are located throughout the United States, including Puerto Rico, to serve our nationwide network and retail operations. Our headquarters are located in Bellevue, Washington, and Overland Park, Kansas. 
 
 We attract and retain our workforce through a dynamic and inclusive culture and by providing a comprehensive set of benefits, including: 
 
 Competitive medical, dental and vision benefits; 
 Family-building benefits designed to meet the diverse needs of our employees, including IVF and IUI, adoption and surrogacy benefits; 
 Annual stock grants to all full-time and part-time employees and a discounted Employee Stock Purchase Program; 
 A 401(k) Savings Plan; 
 Nationwide minimum pay of at least 20 per hour to all full-time and part-time employees; 
 LiveMagenta: a custom-branded program for employee engagement and well-being, including free access to life coaches, financial coaches and tools for healthy living; 
 Access to personal health advocates offering independent guidance; 
 A generous paid time off program, including paid family leave; 
 Tuition assistance for all full-time and part-time employees, including full tuition partnerships with multiple schools; and 
 A matching program for employee donations and volunteering. 
 
 Training and Development 
 
 Career growth and development is foundational to T-Mobile s culture and success. We want to deliver the best experiences from the best teams, and one way we do that is by offering an array of development programs and resources to build diverse talent and empower our people to succeed through every step of their career. It is all easily accessible on our Magenta University site, which is our one-stop shop for all things career development and learning. The online learning portal is designed to put employees in the driver s seat and give them access to mentoring, training, videos, books, job search and interview tips, and much more. 
 
 By strategically investing in the following three key areas of career development and learning, we are developing our talent now and for the future. 
 
 Evolve skills and careers Learn every day, champion relentless improvement, develop critical skills, explore career possibilities, and build the desired career; 
 Advance leadership expertise Build critical leadership capabilities, enable leadership growth at all levels, and develop skills to lead in the future; and 
 Champion diversity, equity and inclusion DE I - Promote inclusive habits and behaviors, enhance belonging and connectedness, and advocate for equitable opportunities. 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 DE I have always been a part of the Un-carrier culture, and we are committed to having DE I touch every aspect of our future. Our Equity in Action Plan is a five-year plan that spans the values we live by, how we invest in and provide opportunities for our employees, how we select the suppliers we do business with and how we advocate for our communities. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 For our employees, we have established six DE I Employee Resource Groups and four sub-affinity groups that have helped us establish and maintain a culture of inclusion. Currently, we have over 45 DE I chapters across the nation that help spearhead volunteer opportunities, events and meaningful conversation with employees at a local level. Our DE I Employee Resource Groups include the following: 
 
 Accessibility Community at T-Mobile; 
 Multicultural Alliance; 
 Asia Pacific Allies Network; 
 Black Empowerment Network; 
 Indigenous Peoples Network; 
 Magenta Latinx Network; 
 Multigenerational Network; 
 Pride; 
 Veterans Allies Network; and 
 Women Allies Network. 
 
 As part of T-Mobile s Equity In Action Plan and Promises, we have established an External Diversity and Inclusion Council in connection with our civil rights memorandum of understanding. The council includes civil rights leaders representing a wide range of underrepresented communities. Together with T-Mobile, the council will help identify ways to improve our efforts in focus areas such as corporate governance, workforce recruitment and retention, procurement, entrepreneurship, philanthropy and community investment. Since April 2020, we have achieved a significant portion of the Equity In Action Promises. 
 
 As DE I are instrumental to our culture and values, we are also on a mission to create fair and equitable opportunities for all suppliers, including veteran-owned, disability-owned, woman-owned, minority-owned, LGBT-owned and small and disadvantaged businesses. We have implemented a Supplier Diversity Category Management Strategy for our network technology procurement organization to help identify opportunities and develop actionable targets for progress on this topic. 
 
 Environmental Sustainability 
 
 Reducing Carbon Footprint 
 
 We are working to reduce the impact of our operations on the climate by setting carbon reduction goals that are aligned with science and investing in renewable energy. We are reducing our carbon footprint through several initiatives, including: 
 
 Setting a science-based net-zero target for 2040 that includes Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions; 
 Investing in renewable energy, as evidenced by our RE100 pledge, a global initiative that unites businesses committed to 100 renewable electricity. We first met this goal in 2021 and then again in 2022 by matching our electricity usage with renewable energy credits acquired through a variety of sources, including through our engagement in Virtual Power Purchasing Agreements and a Green Direct tariff agreement with nine clean energy providers for expected annual provision of approximately 3.5 million megawatt hours of renewable electricity; 
 Continuously testing and evaluating new, efficient equipment for our facilities, including switch stations, cell sites, retail stores and customer experience centers to reduce energy consumption; and 
 Promoting the circular economy through our device reuse and recycle program, which collects millions of devices for reuse, resale, and recycling annually. 
 
 Responsible Sourcing 
 
 We believe our suppliers are a valuable extension of our business and corporate values. Our Supplier Code of Conduct outlines expectations around ethical business practices for our suppliers. We require our suppliers to operate in full compliance with the laws, rules, regulations and ethical standards of the countries in which they operate or provide products or services. We expect our suppliers to share our commitment to ethical conduct and environmentally responsible business practices while they conduct business with or on behalf of us. 
 
 We employ a third-party risk management TPRM process to screen for anti-corruption, global sanctions, human rights and environmental risks before engaging with a supplier. Our TPRM process also continuously monitors current suppliers for policy violations and risks. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation 
 
 The FCC regulates many key aspects of our business, including licensing, construction, the operation and use of our network, modifications of our network, control and ownership of our licenses and authorizations, the sale, transfer and acquisition of certain licenses, domestic roaming arrangements and interconnection agreements, pursuant to its authority under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended Communications Act ). The FCC has a number of complex requirements that affect our operations and pending proceedings regarding additional or modified requirements that could increase our costs or diminish our revenues. For example, the FCC has rules regarding provision of 911, 988 and E-911 services, porting telephone numbers, interconnection, roaming, internet openness or net neutrality, disabilities access, privacy and cybersecurity, consumer protection and the universal service and Lifeline programs. Many of these and other issues are being considered in ongoing proceedings, and we cannot predict whether or how such actions will affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Our ability to provide services and generate revenues could be harmed by adverse regulatory action or changes to existing laws and regulations. In addition, regulation of companies that offer competing services can impact our business indirectly. 
 
 Except for operations in certain unlicensed frequency bands, wireless communications services providers generally must be licensed by the FCC to provide communications services at specified spectrum frequencies within specified geographic areas, and must comply with the rules and policies governing the use of the spectrum as adopted by the FCC. The FCC issues each license for a fixed period of time, typically 10-15 years depending on the particular licenses. While the FCC has generally renewed licenses given to operating companies like us, the FCC has authority both to revoke a license for cause and to deny a license renewal if a renewal is not in the public interest. Furthermore, we could be subject to fines, forfeitures and other penalties for failure to comply with FCC regulations, even if any such noncompliance was unintentional. In extreme cases, penalties can include revocation of our licenses. The loss of any licenses, or any related fines or forfeitures, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the FCC retains the right to modify rules related to use of licensed spectrum, which could impact T-Mobile s ability to provide services. 
 
 Additionally, Congress s and the FCC s allocation of additional spectrum for broadband commercial mobile radio service CMRS ), which includes cellular, PCS and other wireless services, could significantly increase and intensify competition. We cannot assess the impact that any developments that may occur in the U.S. economy or any future spectrum allocations by the FCC may have on license values. FCC spectrum auctions and other market developments may adversely affect the market value of our licenses or our competitive position in the future. A significant decline in the value of our licenses could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the FCC periodically reviews its policies on how to evaluate carriers spectrum holdings. A change in these policies could affect spectrum resources and competition among us and other carriers. 
 
 Congress and the FCC have imposed limitations on foreign ownership of CMRS licensees that exceed 20 direct ownership or 25 indirect ownership through an entity controlling the licensee. The FCC has ruled that higher levels of indirect foreign ownership, even up to 100 , are presumptively consistent with the public interest, but must be reviewed and approved. Consistent with that established policy, the FCC has issued a declaratory ruling authorizing up to 100 ownership of our Company by DT. 
 
 For our Educational Broadband Service EBS licenses in the 2.5 GHz band, FCC rules previously limited eligibility to hold EBS licenses to accredited educational institutions and certain governmental, religious and nonprofit entities, while permitting those license holders to lease up to 95 of their capacity for non-educational purposes. Therefore, we have historically accessed EBS spectrum primarily through long-term leasing arrangements with EBS license holders. Our EBS spectrum leases typically have an initial term equal to the remaining term of the EBS license, with an option to renew the lease for additional terms, for a total lease term of up to 30 years. On April 27, 2020, the FCC lifted the restriction on who can hold EBS licenses and the 30-year limitation on lease duration, among other changes. The elimination of these restrictions allows current license holders to sell their licenses, including to T-Mobile. While a majority of our leases have contractual provisions enabling us to match offers, we may be forced to compete with others to purchase 2.5 GHz licenses on the secondary market and expend additional capital earlier than we may have anticipated. T-Mobile has started to acquire some of these EBS licenses, but we continue to lease spectrum in this band and expect that to be the case for some time. 
 
 While the Communications Act generally preempts state and local governments from regulating the entry of, or the rates charged by, wireless communications services providers, certain state and local governments regulate other terms and conditions of wireless service, including billing, termination of service arrangements and the imposition of early termination fees, advertising, network outages, the use of devices while driving, service mapping, protection of consumer information, zoning and land use. Notwithstanding this federal preemption, several states are considering or have passed laws or regulations 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 that could potentially set prices, minimum performance standards and/or restrictions on service discontinuation that could impact our business in those states. 
 
 In addition, following the FCC s adoption of the 2017 Restoring Internet Freedom RIF Order reclassifying broadband internet access services as non-common carrier information services , a number of states have sought to impose state-specific net neutrality, rate-setting, and privacy requirements on providers broadband services. The FCC s RIF Order expressly preempted such state efforts, which are inconsistent with the FCC s federal deregulatory approach. In 2019, however, the DC Circuit issued a ruling largely upholding the RIF Order, but also vacating the portion of the ruling broadly preempting state/local measures regulating broadband services. The court left open the prospect that particular state laws could still unlawfully conflict with the FCC RIF Order and be preempted; court challenges to some state enactments are pending. 
 
 While most states pursuing net neutrality legislation are largely seeking to codify the repealed federal rules, there are differences in some states, notably California, which has passed separate privacy and net neutrality legislation, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia, which have passed privacy laws; and New York, which has passed a broadband rate-setting law. There are also efforts within Congress to pass federal legislation to codify uniform federal privacy and net neutrality requirements. Ensuring the preemption of separate state requirements, including the California laws, is critical to this effort. If not preempted or rescinded, separate state requirements will impose significant business costs and could also result in increased litigation costs and enforcement risks. State authority over wireless broadband services will remain unsettled until final action by the courts or Congress. 
 
 In addition, the Federal Trade Commission FTC and other federal agencies have jurisdiction over some consumer protection matters and the elimination and prevention of anticompetitive business practices with respect to the provision of non-common carrier services. Further, the FCC and the Federal Aviation Administration regulate the siting, lighting and construction of transmitter towers and antennae. Tower siting and construction are also subject to state and local zoning, as well as federal statutes regarding environmental and historic preservation. The future costs to comply with all relevant regulations are, to some extent, unknown, and changes to regulations, or the applicability of regulations, could result in higher operating and capital expenses, or reduced revenues in the future. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically at www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act are also publicly available free of charge on the investor relations section of our website at investor.t-mobile.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our corporate governance guidelines, director selection guidelines, code of ethics for senior financial officers, code of business conduct, speak up policy, supplier code of conduct, and charters for the audit, compensation, nominating and corporate governance, executive and CEO selection committees of our Board of Directors are also posted on the investor relations section of our website at investor.t-mobile.com. The information on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating T-Mobile. Our business, financial condition, liquidity, or operating results, as well as the price of our common stock and other securities, could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and the Wireless Industry 
 
 Competition, industry consolidation, and changes in the market for wireless communications services and other forms of connectivity could negatively affect our ability to attract and retain customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We have multiple competitors that possess either more or different access to wireless assets, and yet we compete for customers based principally on service/device offerings, price, network coverage, speed and quality, and customer service. We expect the wireless industry s customer growth rate to moderate over time in comparison with historical growth rates, leading to ongoing competition for customers. We also expect that our customers appetite for data services will place increasing demands on wireless service providers. This competition and increasing demands for data services will continue to put pressure on pricing and margins as companies, including us, compete for a relatively fixed pool of customers with an ever-expanding variety of 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 products and services. Our ability to compete will depend upon, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality, capacity and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, and attractive pricing, all of which will involve significant expenses. 
 
 We face increased competition from other service providers in the connectivity sector from within and outside of the wireless industry, including from cable, fiber and satellite providers, as industry sectors converge. Cable companies such as Comcast, Charter, and Altice are diversifying outside cable, voice and broadband services to also offer wireless services. Fiber companies such as Lumen Technologies and Windstream have announced plans for fiber buildouts, often supported by government funding. We expect DISH, which has already acquired several MVNOs, to build a wireless network and offer competitive postpaid and prepaid wireless service plans. Verizon and AT T have refocused on connectivity services, including fiber builds and deployment of next generation wireless technology, and we expect both companies to increase competitive pressure, including by expanding partnerships and offerings. These factors could make it more difficult for us to continue to attract and retain customers, by adversely affecting our competitive position and ability to grow, including affecting our fixed wireless High Speed Internet growth plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 We have seen, and continue to expect, additional joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions, and strategic alliances in the converged connectivity sector, which could result in larger competitors competing for a limited number of customers. Further consolidation could negatively impact our businesses, including wholesale. For example, we have experienced and will continue to experience declining revenues from our wholesale business as Verizon migrates legacy TracFone customers off the T-Mobile network and DISH services more of its Boost Mobile customers with their standalone network. Our competitors may also enter into exclusive handset, device, or content arrangements, execute pervasive advertising and marketing campaigns, or otherwise improve their cost position relative to ours, making it more difficult for us to compete and negatively impacting our business. In addition, refusal of our competitors and partners to provide critical access to resources and inputs, such as roaming and/or backhaul services to us, on reasonable terms could negatively impact our business. 
 
 We have experienced criminal cyberattacks and could in the future be further harmed by disruption, data loss or other security breaches, whether directly or indirectly through third parties. 
 
 Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our customers, such as sensitive personal, account and payment card information, confidential information about our employees and suppliers, and other sensitive information about our Company, such as our business plans, transactions, financial information, and intellectual property (collectively, Confidential Information ). We are subject to persistent cyberattacks and threats to our networks, systems, and supply chain from a variety of bad actors, many of whom attempt to gain access to and compromise Confidential Information by exploiting bugs, errors, misconfigurations or other vulnerabilities in our networks and other systems (including purchased and third-party systems) or by engaging in credential harvesting or social engineering. In some cases, these bad actors may obtain unauthorized access to Confidential Information utilizing credentials taken from our customers, employees, or third parties. Other bad actors aim to cause serious operational disruptions to our business or networks through other means, such as through ransomware or distributed denial of services attacks. 
 
 Cyberattacks against companies like ours have increased in frequency and potential harm over time, and the methods used to gain unauthorized access constantly evolve, making it increasingly difficult to anticipate, prevent, and/or detect incidents successfully in every instance. They are perpetrated by a variety of groups and persons, including state-sponsored parties, malicious actors, employees, contractors, or other unrelated third parties. Some of these persons reside in jurisdictions where law enforcement measures to address such attacks are ineffective or unavailable, and such attacks may even be perpetrated by or at the behest of foreign governments. 
 
 In addition, we routinely provide certain Confidential Information to third-party providers whose products and services are used in our business operations, including as part of our IT systems, such as cloud services. These third-party providers have experienced in the past, and will continue to experience in the future, cyberattacks that involve attempts to obtain unauthorized access to our Confidential Information and/or to create operational disruptions that could adversely affect our business, and these providers also face other security challenges common to all parties that collect and process information. 
 
 In August 2021, we disclosed that our systems were subject to a criminal cyberattack that compromised certain data of millions of our current customers, former customers, and prospective customers, including, in some instances, social security numbers, names, addresses, dates of birth and driver s license/identification numbers. With the assistance of outside cybersecurity experts, we located and closed the unauthorized access to our systems and identified current, former, and prospective customers whose information was impacted and notified them, consistent with state and federal requirements. We have incurred certain cyberattack-related expenses, including costs to remediate the attack, provide additional customer support and enhance 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 customer protection, and expect to incur additional expense in future periods resulting from the attack. For more information, see Recent Cyberattacks in the Overview section of our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. As a result of the August 2021 cyberattack, we are subject to numerous claims, lawsuits and regulatory inquiries, the ongoing costs of which may be material, and we may be subject to further regulatory inquiries and private litigation. For more information, see Contingencies and Litigation Litigation and Regulatory Matters in Note 1 9 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In January 2023, we disclosed that a bad actor was obtaining data through a single Application Programming Interface API without authorization. Based on our investigation to date, the impacted API is only able to provide a limited set of customer account data, including name, billing address, email, phone number, date of birth, T-Mobile account number and information such as the number of lines on the account and plan features. The result from our investigation to date indicates that the bad actor(s) obtained data from this API for approximately 37 million current postpaid and prepaid customer accounts, though many of these accounts did not include the full data set. We believe that the bad actor first retrieved data through the impacted API starting on or around November 25, 2022. We continue to investigate the incident and have notified individuals whose information was impacted consistent with state and federal requirements. 
 
 As a result of the August 2021 cyberattack and the January 2023 cyberattack, we may incur significant costs or experience other material financial impacts, which may not be covered by, or may exceed the coverage limits of, our cyber liability insurance, and such costs and impacts may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results. 
 
 In addition to the recent cyberattacks, we have experienced other unrelated immaterial incidents involving unauthorized access to certain Confidential Information. Typically, these incidents have involved attempts to commit fraud by taking control of a customer s phone line, often by using compromised credentials. In other cases, the incidents have involved unauthorized access to certain of our customers private information, including credit card information, financial data, social security numbers or passwords, and to certain of our intellectual property. 
 
 Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to Confidential Information and to defend against cyberattacks seeking to disrupt our operations must be continually evaluated and enhanced to address the ever-evolving threat landscape and changing cybersecurity regulations. These preventative actions require the investment of significant resources and management time and attention. Additionally, we do not have control of the cybersecurity systems, breach prevention, and response protocols of our third-party providers. While T-Mobile may have contractual rights to assess the effectiveness of many of our providers systems and protocols, we do not have the means to know or assess the effectiveness of all of our providers systems and controls at all times. We cannot provide any assurances that actions taken by us, or our third-party providers, will adequately repel a significant cyberattack or prevent or substantially mitigate the impacts of cybersecurity breaches or misuses of Confidential Information, unauthorized access to our networks or systems or exploits against third-party environments, or that we, or our third-party providers, will be able to effectively identify, investigate, and remediate such incidents in a timely manner or at all. We expect to continue to be the target of cyberattacks, given the nature of our business, and we expect the same with respect to our third-party providers. If we fail to protect Confidential Information or to prevent operational disruptions from future cyberattacks, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. 
 
 If we are unable to take advantage of technological developments on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in demand for our services or face challenges in implementing or evolving our business strategy. 
 
 Significant technological changes continue to impact our industry. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to changes in available technology, continually invest in our network, increase network capacity, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to meet our current and potential customers changing service demands. Enhancing our network, including the ongoing deployment of our 5G network, is subject to risks related to equipment changes and the migration of customers from older technologies. Negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, the perceived health risks relating to 5G networks could undermine market acceptance of our 5G services. Adopting new and sophisticated technologies may result in implementation issues, such as scheduling and supplier delays, unexpected or increased costs, technological constraints, regulatory permitting issues, customer dissatisfaction, and other issues that could cause delays in launching new technological capabilities, which in turn could result in significant costs or reduce the anticipated benefits of the upgrades. If our new services fail to retain or gain acceptance in the marketplace or if costs associated with these services are higher than anticipated, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, brand, financial condition, and operating results. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on highly skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture. 
 
 The market for highly skilled workers and leaders is extremely competitive. We believe our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, develop, and retain talented personnel for all areas of our organization, including our CEO and the other members of our senior leadership team. Doing so may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in economic and industry conditions, changes to U.S. immigration policy, competitors hiring and remote working policies and practices, employee intolerance for the significant changes within, and demands on, our Company and our industry, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. If key employees depart or we are unable to recruit successfully, our business could be negatively impacted. Further, inflationary cost pressures may increase our costs, including employee compensation, and lead to increased employee attrition to the extent our compensation does not keep up with inflation, particularly if our competitors compensation does. 
 
 In addition, certain members of our senior leadership team, including our CEO have term employment agreements with us. Our inability to extend the terms of these employment agreements or to replace these members of our senior leadership team at the end of their terms with qualified and capable successors could hinder our strategic planning and execution. 
 
 In addition, the new hybrid work model introduced during the global COVID-19 pandemic (the Pandemic required T-Mobile to change and evolve our company culture. As our culture continues to evolve, we may experience adverse impacts on our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel, as existing and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with us. If key employees depart, our business could be negatively impacted. We may incur significant costs in identifying, hiring and replacing employees, and we may lose significant expertise and talent. As a result, we may not be able to meet our business plan, and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 System failures and business disruptions may prevent us from providing reliable service, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. 
 
 We rely upon systems and networks - those of third-party suppliers and other providers, in addition to our own - to provide and support our service offerings. System, network, or infrastructure failures resulting from a number of causes may prevent us from providing reliable service. Examples of these risks include: 
 
 physical damage, power surges or outages, equipment failure, or other service disruptions with respect to both our wireless and wireline networks, including those resulting from severe weather, storms and natural disasters, which may occur more frequently or with greater intensity as a result of global climate change, public health crises, terrorist attacks, political instability and volatility and acts of war; 
 chronic changes in physical conditions, such as sea-level rise or changes in temperature or precipitation patterns, which may impact the operating conditions of our infrastructure or other infrastructure we rely on; 
 human error, such as responding to deceptive communications or unintentionally executing malicious code; 
 unauthorized access to our IT and business systems or to our network and critical infrastructure and those of our suppliers and other providers; 
 supplier failures or delays; and 
 system failures or outages of our business systems or communications network. 
 
 Such events could cause us to lose customers and revenue, incur expenses, suffer reputational damage, and subject us to fines, penalties, adverse actions or judgments, litigation, or governmental investigations. Remediation costs could include liability for information loss, costs of repairing infrastructure and systems, and/or costs of incentives offered to customers. Our insurance may not cover or may not be adequate to fully reimburse us for costs and losses associated with such events, and such events may also impact the availability of insurance at costs and other terms we find acceptable for future events. 
 
 The scarcity and cost of additional wireless spectrum, and regulations relating to spectrum use, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 We continue to deploy spectrum to expand and deepen our 5G coverage, maintain our quality of service, meet increasing customer demands, and deploy new technologies. In order to expand and differentiate from our competitors, we will continue to actively seek to make additional investment in spectrum, which could be significant. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The continued interest in, and acquisition of, spectrum by existing carriers and others, including speculators, may reduce our ability to acquire and/or increase the cost of acquiring spectrum in the secondary market, including leasing, or purchasing additional spectrum in the 2.5 GHz band, or negatively impact our ability to gain access to spectrum through other means, including government auctions. Additionally, increased interest from third parties in acquiring spectrum may make it difficult to renew leases of some of our existing 2.5 GHz spectrum holdings in the future. Additionally, the FCC may not be able to provide sufficient additional spectrum to auction or we may be unable to secure the spectrum necessary to maintain or enhance our competitive position in any auction we may elect to participate in or in the secondary market, on favorable terms or at all. Any return on our investment in spectrum depends on our ability to attract additional customers and to provide additional services and usage to existing customers. 
 
 The FCC, or other government entities, may impose conditions on the acquisition and use of new wireless broadband mobile spectrum that may negatively impact our ability to obtain spectrum economically or in appropriate configurations or coverage areas. 
 
 If we cannot acquire needed spectrum from the government or otherwise, if competitors acquire spectrum that will allow them to provide services competitive with our services, or if we cannot deploy services over acquired spectrum on a timely basis without burdensome conditions, at reasonable cost, and while maintaining network quality levels, our ability to attract and retain customers and our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We are modernizing our billing system architecture for our customers. As part of this strategy, we are converting Sprint s legacy customers onto T-Mobile s billing platforms. As a result, we will operate and maintain multiple billing systems until such conversion is completed. Any unanticipated difficulties, disruption, or significant delays in either of these efforts could have adverse operational, financial, and reputational effects on our business. 
 
 We are currently operating and maintaining multiple billing systems and supporting platforms. We expect to continue to do so until successful conversion of Sprint s legacy customers to T-Mobile s existing billing platforms. We may encounter unanticipated difficulties or experience delays in the ongoing integration efforts with respect to billing, causing major system or business disruptions. In addition, we or our supporting vendors may experience errors, cyber-attacks or other operational disruptions that could negatively impact us and over which we may have limited control. Interruptions and/or failure of these billing systems could disrupt our operations and impact our ability to provide or bill for our services, retain customers, attract new customers, or negatively impact overall customer experience. Any occurrence of the foregoing could cause material adverse effects on our operations and financial condition, and/or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and reputational damage. 
 
 The challenges in satisfying the large number of Government Commitments in the required time frames and the significant cumulative cost incurred in tracking, monitoring, and complying with them over multiple years could continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 In connection with the regulatory proceedings and approvals required to close the Transactions, we agreed to fulfill various Government Commitments. These Government Commitments include, among other things, extensive 5G network build-out commitments, obligations to deliver high-speed wireless services to the vast majority of Americans and marketing our in-home fixed wireless product to households where spectrum capacity is sufficient. Other Government Commitments relate to national security, pricing and availability of rate plans, employment, substantial monetary contributions to support several different organizations, and implementation of diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. Most Government Commitments have specified time frames for compliance and reporting, and we continue to focus on taking the actions required to fulfill them. Any failure to fulfill our obligations under these Government Commitments in a timely manner could result in substantial fines, penalties, or other legal and administrative actions and/or reputational harm. 
 
 We expect to continue incurring significant costs, expenses, and fees to track, monitor, comply with and fulfill our obligations under these Government Commitments over a number of years. In addition, abiding by the Government Commitments may divert our management s time and energy away from other business operations and could force us to make business decisions we would not otherwise make and forego taking actions that might be beneficial to the Company. The challenges in continuing to satisfy the large number of Government Commitments in the required time frames and the cost incurred in tracking, monitoring, and complying with them could also adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results and hinder our ability to effectively compete. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Our business, financial condition and operating results are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, including interest rates, consumer credit conditions, consumer debt levels, consumer confidence, unemployment rates, economic growth, energy costs, rates of inflation (or concerns about deflation), supply chain disruptions, impacts of current geopolitical instability caused by the war in Ukraine, and other macro-economic factors. 
 
 The wireless industry, broadly, is dependent on population growth, as a result, we expect the wireless industry s customer growth rate to be moderate in comparison with historical growth rates, leading to ongoing competition for customers. In addition, the Government Commitments place certain limitations on our ability to increase prices, which limits our ability to pass along growing costs to customers. Rising prices for goods, services, and labor due to inflation could adversely impact our margins and/or growth. 
 
 Our services and device financing plans are available to a broad customer base, a significant segment of which may be vulnerable to weak economic conditions, particularly our subprime customers. We may have greater difficulty in gaining new customers within this segment, and existing customers may be more likely to terminate service and default on device financing plans due to an inability to pay. 
 
 Weak economic and credit conditions may also adversely impact our suppliers, dealers, and wholesale partners or MVNOs, some of which may file for bankruptcy, or may experience cash flow or liquidity problems, or may be unable to obtain or refinance credit such that they may no longer be able to operate. Any of these could adversely impact our ability to distribute, market, or sell our products and services. 
 
 Our business may be adversely impacted if we are not able to successfully manage the ongoing commercial and transition services arrangements entered into in connection with the Prepaid Transaction and known or unknown liabilities arising in connection therewith. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the Prepaid Transaction, we and DISH entered into certain commercial and transition services arrangements, including a Master Network Services Agreement (the MNSA and a license purchase agreement (the DISH License Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the MNSA, DISH will receive network services from the Company for a period of seven years. As set forth in the MNSA, the Company will provide DISH, among other things, (a) legacy network services for certain Boost Mobile prepaid end users on the Sprint network, (b) T-Mobile network services for certain end users that have been migrated to the T-Mobile network or provisioned on the T-Mobile network by or on behalf of DISH and (c) infrastructure mobile network operator services to assist in the access and integration of the DISH network. Pursuant to the DISH License Purchase Agreement, DISH has agreed to purchase all of Sprint s 800 MHz spectrum (approximately 13.5 MHz of nationwide spectrum) for a total of approximately 3.6 billion in a transaction to be completed, subject to certain additional closing conditions, following an application for FCC approval to be filed three years following the closing of the Merger; provided, however, that if DISH breaches the DISH License Purchase agreement prior to the closing or fails to deliver the purchase price following the satisfaction or waiver of all closing conditions, DISH s sole liability will be to pay us a fee of approximately 72 million. In such instance, T-Mobile is required, unless otherwise approved under the Consent Decree, to conduct an auction of all of Sprint s 800 MHz spectrum under the terms set forth in the Consent Decree, but would not be required to divest such spectrum for an amount less than 3.6 billion. The parties are required to file an application for the transfer by April 1, 2023. The covered spectrum sale must occur within the later of three years after the closing of the Prepaid Transaction and five days after receipt of the approval from the FCC of the application. 
 
 Failure to successfully manage these ongoing commercial and transition services arrangements entered into in connection with the Prepaid Transaction and liabilities arising in connection therewith may result in material unanticipated problems, including diversion of management time and energy, significant expenses and liabilities. There may also be other potential adverse consequences and unforeseen increased expenses, or liabilities associated with the Prepaid Transaction, the occurrence of which could materially impact our business, financial condition, liquidity, and operating results. In addition, there may be an increase in competition from DISH and other third parties that DISH may enter into commercial agreements with, who are significantly larger and with greater resources and scale advantages as compared to us. Such increased competition may result in our loss of customers and other business relationships. 
 
 Any acquisition, divestiture, investment, or merger may subject us to significant risks, any of which may harm our business. 
 
 We may pursue acquisitions of, investments in or mergers with other companies, or the acquisition of technologies, services, products or other assets, that we believe would complement or expand our business. We may also elect to divest some of our 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 assets to third parties. Some of these potential transactions could be significant relative to the size of our business and operations. Any such transaction would involve a number of risks and could present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including: 
 
 diversion of management attention from running our existing business; 
 increased costs to integrate the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, customer base and business practices of the company involved in any such transaction with our business; 
 difficulties in effectively integrating the financial and operational systems of the business involved in any such transaction into (or supplanting such systems with) our financial and operational reporting infrastructure and internal control framework in an effective and timely manner; 
 potential exposure to material liabilities not discovered in the due diligence process or as a result of any litigation arising in connection with any such transaction; 
 significant transaction-related expenses in connection with any such transaction, whether consummated or not; 
 risks related to our ability to obtain any required regulatory approvals necessary to consummate any such transaction; and 
 any business, technology, service, or product involved in any such transaction may significantly under-perform relative to our expectations, and we may not achieve the benefits we expect from the transaction, which could, among other things, also result in a write-down of goodwill and other intangible assets associated with such transaction. 
 
 For any or all of these reasons, as well as unknown risks, acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or mergers may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We rely on third parties to provide products and services for the operation of our business, and the failure or inability of such parties to provide these products or services could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 We have a diverse set of suppliers to help us develop, maintain, and troubleshoot products and services such as wireless and wireline network components, software development services, and billing and customer service support. However, in certain areas such as, billing services, voice, and data communications transport services, wireless or wireline network infrastructure equipment, handsets, other devices, back-office processes and payment processing, there are a limited number of suppliers who can provide adequate support for us, which decreases our flexibility to switch to alternative third parties. Unexpected termination of our arrangement with any of these suppliers or difficulties in renewing our commercial arrangements with them could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations. 
 
 Our suppliers are also subject to their own risks, including, but not limited to, economic, financial and credit conditions, labor force disruptions, geopolitical tensions, disruptions in global supply chain and the risks of natural catastrophic events such as earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, and public health crises such as the Pandemic which may result in performance below the levels required by their contracts. Our business could be severely disrupted if critical suppliers or service providers fail to comply with their contracts or if we experience delays or service degradation during any transition to a new outsourcing provider or other supplier or if we are required to replace the supplied products or services with those from another source, especially if the replacement becomes necessary on short notice. Any such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Further, some of our suppliers may provide services from outside of the United States, which carries additional regulatory and legal obligations. We rely on suppliers to provide us with contractual assurances and to disclose accurate information regarding risks associated with their provision of products or services in accordance with our policies and standards, including our Supplier Code of Conduct and our third-party risk management practices. The failure of our suppliers to comply with our expectations and policies could expose us to additional legal and litigation risks and lead to unexpected contract terminations. 
 
 We may not fully realize the synergy benefits from the Transactions in the expected time frame. 
 
 Our ability to realize the expected benefits from the Merger will depend on our ability to integrate the two businesses in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and achieves the projected cost savings. Although we have completed a number of integration activities, we continue the process and may incur additional expenses as a result of challenges in combining operations such as: 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 difficulties in integrating operations and systems, including intellectual property and communications systems, administrative and information technology infrastructure, and supplier and vendor arrangements; 
 difficulties in operating and maintaining multiple billing and related support systems until conversion is completed; 
 difficulties in managing the expanded operations of a significantly larger and more complex company; 
 compliance with Government Commitments relating to national security; and 
 other potential adverse consequences and unforeseen increased expenses or liabilities associated with the Transactions. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our business flexibility, ability to service our debt, and increase our borrowing costs. 
 
 We have, and we expect that we will continue to have, a substantial amount of debt. Our substantial level of indebtedness could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility in responding to changing business, economic, market and industry conditions and increasing the amount of cash required to service our debt. In addition, this level of indebtedness may also reduce funds available for capital expenditures, any board-approved share repurchases and other activities. Those impacts may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies with lower debt levels. Further, we may need to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt instruments, if any, which could increase the risks associated with our capital structure. 
 
 Our ability to service our substantial debt obligations will depend on future performance, which will be affected by business, economic, market and industry conditions and other factors, including our ability to achieve the expected benefits of the Transactions. There is no guarantee that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations when due. If we are unable to meet such obligations or fail to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the agreements governing such debt obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our debt, sell important strategic assets at unfavorable prices or make additional borrowings. We may not be able to, at any given time, refinance our debt, sell assets, or make additional borrowings on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Changes in credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to raise debt favorably. 
 
 Instability in the global financial markets, inflation, policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, including changes in monetary policy and interest rates, and other general economic conditions could lead to volatility in the credit and equity markets. This volatility could limit our access to the capital markets, leading to higher borrowing costs or, in some cases, the inability to obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. 
 
 In addition, any hedging agreements we may enter into to limit our exposure to interest rate increases or foreign currency fluctuations may not offer complete protection from these risks or may be unsuccessful, and consequently may effectively increase the interest rate we pay on our debt or the exchange rate with respect to any debt we may incur in a foreign currency, and any portion not subject to such hedging agreements would have full exposure to interest rate increases or foreign currency fluctuations, as applicable. If any financial institutions that are parties to our hedging agreements were to default on their payment obligations to us, declare bankruptcy or become insolvent, we would be unhedged against the underlying exposures. Any posting of collateral by us under our hedging agreements and the modification or termination of any of our hedging agreements could negatively impact our liquidity or other financial metrics. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness and other financings include restrictive covenants that limit our operating 
 flexibility. 
 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness and other financings impose operating and financial restrictions. These restrictions, subject in certain cases to customary baskets, exceptions and maintenance and incurrence-based financial tests, together with our debt service obligations, may limit our ability to engage in transactions and pursue strategic business opportunities. These restrictions could limit our ability to obtain debt financing, refinance or pay principal on our outstanding indebtedness, complete acquisitions for cash or indebtedness or react to business, economic, market and industry conditions and other changes in our operating environment or the economy. Any future indebtedness that we incur may contain similar or more restrictive covenants. Any failure to comply with the restrictions of our debt agreements may result in an event of default under these agreements, which in turn may result in defaults or acceleration of obligations under these and other agreements, giving our lenders the right to terminate the commitments they had made or the right to require us to repay all amounts then 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 outstanding plus any interest, fees, penalties, or premiums. An event of default may also compel us to sell certain assets securing indebtedness under certain of these agreements. 
 
 Credit rating downgrades and/or inability to access debt markets could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, as a result, cost of capital. Our current ratings reflect each rating agency s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet our debt obligations. Our capital structure and business model are reliant on continued access to debt markets. Each rating agency reviews our ratings periodically, and there can be no assurance that such ratings will be maintained in the future. A downgrade in our corporate rating and/or our issued debt ratings could impact our ability to access debt markets and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 
 Failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could result in a loss of investor confidence regarding our financial statements and reputational damage. 
 
 Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we, along with our independent registered public accounting firm, are required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. There can be no assurance that remediation of any material weaknesses that may be identified would be completed in a timely manner or that the remedial measures will prevent other control deficiencies or material weaknesses. If we are unable to remediate material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, then our ability to analyze, record and report financial information free of material misstatements, to prepare financial statements within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the SEC and otherwise to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act would be negatively impacted. As a result, we may experience negative impacts to our business financial condition or operating results, which would restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require the expenditure of significant resources to correct the weaknesses or deficiencies, subject us to fines, penalties, investigations, or judgments, harm our reputation, or otherwise cause a decline in trading price of our stock and investor confidence. 
 
 Changes in regulations or in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 We are subject to regulatory oversight by various federal, state, and local agencies, as well as judicial review and actions, on issues related to the wireless industry that include, but are not limited to, roaming, interconnection, spectrum allocation and licensing, facilities siting, pole attachments, intercarrier compensation, Universal Service Fund, 911 services, consumer protection, consumer privacy, and cybersecurity. We are also subject to regulations in connection with other aspects of our business, including device financing and insurance activities. 
 
 The FCC regulates the licensing, construction, modification, operation, ownership, sale, and interconnection of wireless communications systems, as do some state and local regulatory agencies. In particular, the FCC imposes significant regulation on licensees of wireless spectrum with respect to how radio spectrum is used by licensees, the nature of the services that licensees may offer and how the services may be offered, and the resolution of issues of interference between operators in the same or adjacent spectrum bands. Changes necessary to resolve interference issues or concerns may have a significant impact on our ability to fully utilize our spectrum. As an example, we recently won spectrum licenses in the so-called C band to support our continued rollout of 5G technology and services. There have been concerns raised that use of this spectrum by wireless carriers for 5G deployment could interfere with the altimeters in certain aircraft, and there is an ongoing discussion between the industry, the FCC, and the FAA as to whether and how 5G operations should be limited around airports. Additionally, the FTC and other federal and state agencies have asserted that they have jurisdiction over some consumer protection matters, and the elimination and prevention of anticompetitive business practices with respect to the provision of wireless products and services. 
 
 We cannot assure that the FCC or any other federal, state, or local agencies will not adopt regulations, implement new programs, or take enforcement or other actions that would adversely affect our business, impose new costs, or require changes in current or planned operations, including timing of the shutdown of legacy technologies. For example, in response to the Pandemic, the California Public Utilities Commission adopted a resolution providing a moratorium on customer disconnects and late fees for certain California customers facing financial hardship. Additionally, in 2015 and 2016, the FCC established net neutrality and privacy regimes that applied to our operations. Both sets of rules potentially subjected some of our initiatives and practices to more burdensome requirements and heightened scrutiny by federal and state regulators, the public, edge providers, 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 and private litigants regarding whether such initiatives or practices are compliant. While the FCC rules were largely rolled back in December 2017, the current FCC updated transparency obligations to require nutrition-style broadband label disclosures effective potentially in 2023 that could prompt regulatory inquiries, and the FCC could decide to establish new net neutrality requirements. In addition, some states and other jurisdictions have enacted laws in these areas (including, for example, California and other states net neutrality laws, the CCPA and CPRA as discussed below) and others are considering enacting similar laws. It also is uncertain what rules may be promulgated under the current administration (e.g., the FTC has discussed promulgating privacy rules), perpetuating the risk and uncertainty regarding the regulatory environment and compliance around these issues. 
 
 In addition, states are increasingly focused on the quality of service and support that wireless communications service providers provide to their customers and several states have proposed or enacted new and potentially burdensome regulations in this area. We also face potential investigations by, and inquiries from or actions by state public utility commissions. We also cannot assure that Congress will not amend the Communications Act, from which the FCC obtains its authority, and which serves to limit state authority, or enact other legislation in a manner that could be adverse to our business. 
 
 Failure to comply with applicable regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. We could be subject to fines, forfeitures, and other penalties (including, in extreme cases, revocation of our spectrum licenses) for failure to comply with the FCC or other governmental regulations, even if any such noncompliance was unintentional. The loss of any licenses, or any related fines or forfeitures, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Laws and regulations relating to the handling of privacy and data protection may result in increased costs, legal claims, fines against us, or reputational damage. 
 
 In January 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA became effective, creating new data privacy rights for California residents and new compliance obligations for us and industry in general, in addition to private rights of action for certain types of data breaches. Moreover, new privacy laws are being developed and/or enacted in many jurisdictions, for example, in Colorado, Utah, Connecticut, Virginia, and in California, where the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA (which modifies the CCPA) recently became effective. All of these new privacy laws and others that we expect to be developed and enacted going forward will impose additional data protection obligations and potential liability on companies such as ours doing business in those states. 
 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant implementation costs to ensure compliance with the CCPA, the CPRA, new privacy laws in other states, and their related regulations, including managing the complexity of laws that vary from state to state. Both federal and state governments are considering additional privacy laws and regulations which, if passed, could further impact our business, strategies, offerings, and initiatives and cause us to incur further costs. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with the CCPA, CPRA, other data privacy laws or regulations, or related contractual or other obligations, or any perceived privacy rights violation, could lead to investigations, claims, and proceedings by governmental entities and private parties, damages for contract breaches, and other significant costs, penalties, and other liabilities, as well as harm to our reputation and market position. 
 
 Unfavorable outcomes of legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results. 
 
 We and our affiliates are involved in various disputes, governmental and/or regulatory inspections, investigations and proceedings, mass arbitrations and litigation matters. Such legal proceedings can be complex, costly, and highly disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention and energy of management and other key personnel. 
 
 In connection with the Transactions, we became subject to a number of legal proceedings, including a putative shareholder class action and derivative lawsuit and a putative antitrust class action. For more information, see Contingencies and Litigation Litigation and Regulatory Matters in Note 19 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. It is possible that stockholders of T-Mobile and/or Sprint may file additional putative class action lawsuits or shareholder derivative actions against the Company and the legacy T-Mobile board of directors and/or the legacy Sprint board of directors. Among other remedies, these stockholders could seek damages. The outcome of any litigation is uncertain and any such potential lawsuits could result in substantial costs and may be costly and distracting to management. 
 
 Additionally, on April 1, 2020, in connection with the closing of the Merger, we assumed the contingencies and litigation matters of Sprint. Those matters include a wide variety of disputes, claims, government agency investigations and enforcement 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 actions and other proceedings. Unfavorable resolution of these matters could require making additional reimbursements and paying additional fines and penalties. 
 
 On February 28, 2020, we received a Notice of Apparent Liability for Forfeiture and Admonishment from the FCC, which proposed a penalty against us for allegedly violating Section 222 of the Communications Act and the FCC s regulations governing the privacy of customer information. We recorded an accrual for an estimated payment amount as of March 31, 2020, which is included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 As a result of the August 2021 cyberattack, we are subject to numerous lawsuits, including consolidated class action lawsuits seeking unspecified monetary damages, mass consumer arbitrations, a shareholder derivative lawsuit and inquiries by various government agencies, law enforcement and other governmental authorities, and we may be subject to further regulatory inquiries and private litigation. We are cooperating fully with regulators and vigorously defending against the class actions and other lawsuits. On July 22, 2022, we entered into an agreement to settle the consolidated class action lawsuit. On July 26, 2022, we received preliminary approval of the proposed settlement, which remains subject to final court approval. The court conducted a final approval hearing on January 20, 2023, and we await a ruling from the court. If approved by the court, under the terms of the proposed settlement, we would pay an aggregate of 350 million to fund claims submitted by class members, the legal fees of plaintiffs counsel and the costs of administering the settlement. We would also commit to an aggregate incremental spend of 150 million for data security and related technology in 2022 and 2023. In connection with the proposed class action settlement and other settlements of separate consumer claims that have been previously completed or are currently pending , we recorded a total pre-tax charge of approximately 400 million during the three months ended June 30, 2022. In light of the inherent uncertainties involved in such matters and based on the information currently available to us, we believe it is reasonably possible that we could incur additional losses associated with these proceedings and inquiries, and we will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. In addition, in connection with the January 2023 cyberattack, we have received notices of consumer class actions and regulatory inquires, to which we will respond to in due course. Ongoing legal and other costs related to these proceedings and inquiries, as well as any potential future proceedings and inquiries related to the August 2021 cyberattack and the January 2023 cyberattack, may be substantial, and losses associated with any adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolutions of such proceedings and inquiries could be significant and have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results. 
 
 We, along with equipment manufacturers and other carriers, are subject to current and potential future lawsuits alleging adverse health effects arising from the use of wireless handsets or from wireless transmission equipment such as cell towers. In addition, the FCC has from time to time gathered data regarding wireless device emissions, and its assessment of the risks associated with using wireless devices may evolve based on its findings. Any of these allegations or changes in risk assessments could result in customers purchasing fewer devices and wireless services, could result in significant legal and regulatory liability, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results. 
 
 The assessment of the outcome of legal proceedings, including our potential liability, if any, is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events that are not within our control. The amounts ultimately received or paid upon settlement or pursuant to final judgment, order or decree may differ materially from amounts accrued in our financial statements. In addition, litigation or similar proceedings could impose restraints on our current or future manner of doing business. Such potential outcomes including judgments, awards, settlements or orders could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results. 
 
 We offer regulated financial services products. These products expose us to a wide variety of state and federal regulations. 
 
 The financing of devices, such as through our EIP, JUMP! On Demand or other leasing programs, such as those acquired in the Merger, has expanded our regulatory compliance obligations. Failure to remain compliant with applicable regulations may increase our risk exposure in the following areas: 
 
 consumer complaints and potential examinations or enforcement actions by federal and state regulatory agencies, including, but not limited to, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, state attorneys general, the FCC and the FTC; and 
 regulatory fines, penalties, enforcement actions, civil litigation, and/or class action lawsuits. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to comply with applicable regulations and the realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Our business may be impacted by new or amended tax laws or regulations or administrative interpretations and judicial decisions affecting the scope or application of tax laws or regulations. 
 
 In connection with the products and services we sell, we calculate, collect, and remit various federal, state, and local taxes, fees and regulatory charges tax or taxes to numerous federal, state and local governmental authorities, including federal and state USF contributions and common carrier regulatory charges and public safety fees. As many of our service plans offer taxes and fees inclusive, our business results could be adversely impacted by increases in taxes and fees. In addition, we incur and pay state and local transaction taxes and fees on purchases of goods and services used in our business. 
 
 Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the laws are issued or applied. In many cases, the application of existing, newly enacted or amended tax laws may be uncertain and subject to different interpretations, especially when evaluated against new technologies and telecommunications services, such as broadband internet access and cloud-related services and in the context of our merger with Sprint. Legislative changes, administrative interpretations and judicial decisions affecting the scope or application of tax laws could also impact revenue reported and taxes due on tax inclusive plans. Additionally, failure to comply with any of the tax laws could subject us to additional taxes, fines, penalties, or other adverse actions. 
 
 In the event that federal, state, and/or local municipalities were to significantly increase taxes and regulatory or public safety charges on our network, operations, or services, or seek to impose new taxes or charges, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Our wireless licenses are subject to renewal and may be revoked in the event that we violate applicable laws. 
 
 Our existing wireless licenses are subject to renewal upon the expiration of the period for which they are granted. Our licenses have been granted with an expectation of renewal and the FCC has approved our license renewal applications. However, the Communications Act provides that licenses may be revoked for cause and license renewal applications denied if the FCC determines that a renewal would not serve the public interest. If we fail to timely file to renew any wireless license or fail to meet any regulatory requirements for renewal, including construction and substantial service requirements, we could be denied a license renewal. Many of our wireless licenses are subject to interim or final construction requirements and there is no guarantee that the FCC will find our construction, or the construction of prior licensees, sufficient to meet the build-out or renewal requirements. Accordingly, we cannot assure that the FCC will renew our wireless licenses upon their expiration. If any of our wireless licenses were to be revoked or not renewed upon expiration, we would not be permitted to provide services under that license, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain actions and proceedings, which could limit the ability of our stockholders to obtain a judicial forum of their choice for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or employees. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or employee of the Company to the Company or its stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Company's bylaws or (iv) any other action asserting a claim arising under, in connection with, and governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision does not waive our compliance with our obligations under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Moreover, the provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 This choice of forum provision may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company and its directors, officers and employees, even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could increase our costs of litigation and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 DT controls a majority of the voting power of our common stock and the T-Mobile trademarks we utilize in our business, and may have interests that differ from the interests of our other stockholders. 
 
 DT is a party to the SoftBank Proxy Agreement (as defined in Note 14 SoftBank Equity Transaction to the Consolidated Financial Statements). In addition, on June 22, 2020, DT, Claure Mobile LLC CM LLC ), and Marcelo Claure entered into a Proxy, Lock-up and ROFR Agreement (the Claure Proxy Agreement and together with the SoftBank Proxy Agreement, the Proxy Agreements ). Pursuant to the Proxy Agreements, at any meeting of our stockholders, the shares of our common stock beneficially owned by SoftBank or CM LLC will be voted in the manner as directed by DT. In addition, DT holds direct and indirect call options that give DT the right to acquire up to approximately 35 million shares of our common stock held by SoftBank. 
 
 Accordingly, DT controls a majority of the voting power of our common stock and therefore we are a controlled company, as defined in the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC NASDAQ listing rules, and we are not subject to NASDAQ requirements that would otherwise require us to have a majority of independent directors, a nominating committee composed solely of independent directors or a compensation committee composed solely of independent directors. Accordingly, our stockholders will not be afforded the same protections as stockholders of other NASDAQ-listed companies generally receive with respect to corporate governance for so long as we rely on these exemptions from the corporate governance requirements. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation and the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, as long as DT beneficially owns 30 or more of our outstanding common stock, we are restricted from taking certain actions without DT s prior written consent, including (i) incurring indebtedness above certain levels based on a specified debt to cash flow ratio, (ii) taking any action that would cause a default under any instrument evidencing indebtedness involving DT or its affiliates, (iii) acquiring or disposing of assets or entering into mergers or similar acquisitions in excess of 1.0 billion, (iv) changing the size of our board of directors, (v) subject to certain exceptions, issuing equity of 10 or more of the then-outstanding shares of our common stock, or issuing equity to redeem debt held by DT, (vi) repurchasing or redeeming equity securities or making any extraordinary or in-kind dividend other than on a pro rata basis, or (vii) making certain changes involving our CEO. We are also restricted from amending our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws in any manner that could adversely affect DT s rights under the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement for as long as DT beneficially owns 5 or more of our outstanding common stock. These restrictions could prevent us from taking actions that our board of directors might otherwise determine are in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders, or that may be in the best interests of our other stockholders. 
 
 DT effectively has control over all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election or removal of directors, changes to our Certificate of Incorporation, a sale or merger of our Company and other transactions requiring stockholder approval under Delaware law. DT s controlling interest may have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discouraging a third party from seeking to acquire, the Company and DT, as the controlling stockholder, may have strategic, financial, or other interests different from our other stockholders, including as the holder of a portion of our debt and as the counterparty in a number of commercial arrangements, and may make decisions adverse to the interests of our other stockholders. 
 
 In addition, we license certain trademarks from DT, including the right to use the trademark T-Mobile as a name for the Company and our flagship brand under a trademark license agreement, as amended, with DT. As described in more detail in our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022 under the heading Transactions with Related Persons and Approval, we are obligated to pay DT a royalty in an amount equal to 0.25 (the royalty rate of the net revenue (as defined in the trademark license) generated by products and services sold by the Company under the licensed trademarks subject to a cap of 80 million per calendar year through December 31, 2028. We and DT are obligated to negotiate a new trademark license when (i) DT has 50 or less of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company or (ii) any third party owns or controls, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company, or otherwise has the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the Company. If we and DT fail to agree on a new trademark license, either we or DT may terminate the trademark license and such termination shall be effective, in the case of clause (i) above, on the third anniversary after a notice of termination and, in the case of clause (ii) above, on the second anniversary after a notice of termination. A further increase in the royalty rate or termination of the trademark license could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Future sales of our common stock by DT and SoftBank and foreign ownership limitations by the FCC could have a negative impact on our stock price and decrease the value of our stock. 
 
 We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of shares of our common stock by DT or SoftBank will have on the prevailing trading price of our common stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock could cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 We, DT and SoftBank are parties to the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement pursuant to which DT is free to transfer its shares in public sales without notice, as long as such transactions would not result in a third party owning more than 30 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. If a transfer were to exceed the 30 threshold, it would be prohibited unless the transfer were approved by our board of directors, or the transferee were to make a binding offer to purchase all of the other outstanding shares on the same price and terms. The Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement does not otherwise impose any other restrictions on the sales of common stock by DT or SoftBank. Moreover, the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement generally requires us to cooperate with DT to facilitate the resale of our common stock or debt securities held by DT under shelf registration statements we have filed. The sale of shares of our common stock by DT or SoftBank (other than in transactions involving the purchase of all of our outstanding shares) could significantly increase the number of shares available in the market, which could cause a decrease in our stock price. In addition, even if DT or SoftBank does not sell a large number of their shares into the market, their rights to transfer a large number of shares into the market could depress our stock price. 
 
 Furthermore, under existing law, no more than 20 of an FCC licensee s capital stock may be directly owned, or no more than 25 indirectly owned, or voted by non-U.S. citizens or their representatives, by a foreign government or its representatives or by a foreign corporation. If an FCC licensee is controlled by another entity, up to 25 of that entity s capital stock may be owned or voted by non-U.S. citizens or their representatives, by a foreign government or its representatives or by a foreign corporation. Foreign ownership above the 25 holding company level may be allowed if the FCC finds such higher levels consistent with the public interest. The FCC has ruled that higher levels of foreign ownership, even up to 100 , are presumptively consistent with the public interest with respect to investors from certain nations. If our foreign ownership by previously unapproved foreign parties were to exceed the permitted level without further FCC authorization, the FCC could subject us to a range of penalties, including an order for us to divest the foreign ownership in part, fines, license revocation or denials of license renewals. If ownership of our common stock by an unapproved foreign entity were to become subject to such limitations, or if any ownership of our common stock violates any other rule or regulation of the FCC applicable to us, our Certificate of Incorporation provides for certain redemption provisions at a pre-determined price which may be less than fair market value. These limitations and our Certificate of Incorporation may limit our ability to attract additional equity financing outside the United States and decrease the value of our common stock. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that our 2022 Stock Repurchase Program will be fully consummated or that our 2022 Stock Repurchase Program will enhance long-term stockholder value. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized our 2022 Stock Repurchase Program for up to 14.0 billion of the Company s common stock through September 30, 2023, with 3.0 billion spent by the Company on share repurchases as of December 31, 2022, and an additional 2.1 billion spent by the Company from January 1, 2023 through February 10, 2023. Any additional share repurchases will depend upon, among other factors, our cash balances and potential future capital requirements, our results of operations and financial condition, our ability to access capital markets, our priorities for the use of cash for other purposes, the price of our common stock, and other factors that we may deem relevant. 
 
 The existence of the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program could cause our stock price, in certain cases, to be higher or lower than it otherwise would be and could potentially reduce the market liquidity or have other unintended consequences for our stock. We can provide no assurance that we will repurchase shares of our common stock at favorable prices, if at all. Although the program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, there is no assurance it will do so. 
 
 In addition, the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock. The 2022 Stock Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued, or the amount to be spent by the Company to repurchase shares could be reduced, at any time at the Company s discretion. Any decision to reduce or discontinue repurchasing shares of our common stock pursuant to our 2022 Stock Repurchase Program could cause the market price for our common stock to decline and may negatively impact our reputation and investor confidence in us. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our properties are best described on a collective basis, as no individual property is material. Our property and equipment consists of the following: 
 (percent of gross property and equipment) December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Wireless communication systems 68 66 Land, buildings and building equipment 5 5 Data processing equipment and other 27 29 Total 100 100 
 
 Wireless communication systems primarily consist of assets used to operate our wireless network and information technology data centers, including switching equipment, radio frequency equipment, tower assets, High Speed Internet routers, construction in progress and leasehold improvements related to the wireless network and asset retirement costs. 
 
 Land, buildings and building equipment primarily consist of land and land improvements, central office buildings or any other buildings that house network equipment, buildings used for administrative and other purposes, related construction in progress and certain network service equipment. 
 
 Data processing equipment and other primarily consists of data processing equipment, office equipment, capitalized software, leased wireless devices, construction in progress and leasehold improvements. 
 
 We also lease distributed antenna systems and small cell sites, as well as properties throughout the United States that contain data and switching centers, customer call centers, retail locations, warehouses and administrative spaces. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 For more information regarding the legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Note 1 9 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol TMUS. We are included within the S P 500 in the Wireless Telecommunication Services GICS (Global Industry Classification Standard) Sub-Industry index. As of January 31, 2023, there were 15,719 registered stockholders of record of our common stock, but we estimate the total number of stockholders to be much higher as a number of our shares are held by brokers or dealers for their customers in street name. 
 
 We have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to use future earnings, if any, to invest in our business and for general corporate purposes, including the continued build-out of our 5G network, expansion of our business, the integration of T-Mobile s and Sprint s businesses, and share repurchases as appropriate. Therefore, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future; capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of potential gain. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The table below provides information regarding our share repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 (in millions, except share and per share amounts) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 8,357,758 138.04 8,357,758 12,178 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 3,307,350 148.26 3,307,350 11,687 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 4,803,986 143.09 4,803,986 11,000 Total 16,469,094 16,469,094 
 (1) On September 8, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized our 2022 Stock Repurchase Program for up to 14.0 billion of our common stock through September 30, 2023, with up to 3.0 billion by December 31, 2022. The amounts presented represent the remaining shares authorized for purchase under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program as of the end of the period. 
 
 See Note 15 - Repurchases of Common Stock of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our 2022 Stock Repurchase Program. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 
 The graph below compares the five-year cumulative total returns of T-Mobile, the S P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index and the Dow Jones US Mobile Telecommunications TSM index. The graph tracks the performance of a 100 investment, with the reinvestment of all dividends, from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. 
 
 The five-year cumulative total returns of T-Mobile, the S P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index and the Dow Jones US Mobile Telecommunications TSM index, as illustrated in the graph above, are as follows: 
 At December 31, (in dollars) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 T-Mobile US, Inc. 100.00 100.16 123.48 212.33 182.62 220.44 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.89 NASDAQ Composite 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 Dow Jones US Mobile Telecommunications TSM 100.00 119.01 134.96 147.15 134.45 121.36 
 
 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 
 
 The objectives of our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A are to provide users of our consolidated financial statements with the following: 
 
 A narrative explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results; 
 Context to the consolidated financial statements; and 
 Information that allows assessment of the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance. 
 
 Our MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read together with, our audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, included in Part I I , Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Except as expressly stated, the financial condition and results of operations discussed throughout our MD A are those of T-Mobile US, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Sprint Merger, Network Integration and Decommissioning Activities 
 
 Transaction Overview 
 
 On April 1, 2020, we completed the Merger with Sprint, a communications company offering a comprehensive range of wireless and wireline communications products and services. As a result, Sprint and its subsidiaries became wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries of T-Mobile. 
 
 The Merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements and performance measures. As a combined company, we have been able to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. 
 
 For more information regarding our Business Combination Agreement, see Note 2 Business Combinations of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Merger-Related Costs 
 
 Merger-related costs associated with the Merger and acquisitions of affiliates generally include: 
 
 Integration costs to achieve efficiencies in network, retail, information technology and back office operations, migrate customers to the T-Mobile network and billing systems and the impact of legal matters assumed as part of the Merger; 
 Restructuring costs, including severance, store rationalization and network decommissioning; and 
 Transaction costs, including legal and professional services related to the completion of the transactions. 
 
 Restructuring costs are disclosed in Note 20 Restructuring Costs of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Merger-related costs have been excluded from our calculations of Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures, as we do not consider these costs to be reflective of our ongoing operating performance. See Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA in the Performance Measures section of this MD A. Net cash payments for Merger-related costs, including payments related to our restructuring plan, are included in Net cash provided by operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Merger-related costs are presented below: (in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Versus 2021 2021 Versus 2020 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Merger-related costs Cost of services, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 2,670 1,015 646 1,655 163 369 57 Cost of equipment sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 1,524 1,018 6 506 50 1,012 NM Selling, general and administrative 775 1,074 1,263 (299) (28) (189) (15) Total Merger-related costs 4,969 3,107 1,915 1,862 60 1,192 62 Net cash payments for Merger-related costs 3,364 2,170 1,493 1,194 55 677 45 
 NM - Not Meaningful 
 
 We expect to incur substantially all of the remaining projected Merger-related costs of approximately 1.0 billion, excluding capital expenditures, by the end of 2023, with the cash expenditure for the Merger-related costs extending beyond 2023. 
 
 We are evaluating additional restructuring initiatives which are dependent on consultations and negotiation with certain counterparties and the expected impact on our business operations, which could affect the amount or timing of the restructuring costs and related payments. We expect our principal sources of funding to be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements and anticipated payments associated with the restructuring initiatives. 
 
 Network Integration 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have decommissioned substantially all Sprint macro sites targeted for shut down. Our integration and decommissioning initiatives also included the acceleration or termination of certain of our operating and financing leases for cell sites, switch sites and network equipment. To achieve Merger synergies in network costs, we continue to perform rationalization activities to identify duplicative networks, backhaul services and other agreements, in addition to decommissioning certain small cell sites and distributed antenna systems. 
 
 To allow for the realization of these synergies associated with network integration, we retired certain legacy networks, including the legacy Sprint CDMA network in the second quarter and the legacy Sprint LTE network in the third quarter of 2022. Customers impacted by the decommissioning of these networks have been excluded from our customer base and postpaid account base. See the Performance Measures section of this MD A for more details. 
 
 Restructuring 
 
 Upon the close of the Merger, we began implementing restructuring initiatives to realize cost efficiencies from the Merger. The major activities associated with the restructuring initiatives to date include: 
 
 Contract termination costs associated with rationalization of retail stores, distribution channels, duplicative network and backhaul services and other agreements; 
 Severance costs associated with the reduction of redundant processes and functions; and 
 The decommissioning of certain small cell sites and distributed antenna systems to achieve Merger synergies in network costs. 
 
 For more information regarding our restructuring activities, see Note 20 Restructuring Costs of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Anticipated Merger Synergies 
 
 As a result of our ongoing restructuring and integration activities, we expect to realize Merger synergies by eliminating redundancies within our combined network (see Network Integration above) as well as other business processes and operations (see Restructuring above). For full-year 2023, we expect Merger synergies from Selling, general and administrative expense reductions of 2.5 billion to 2.7 billion, Cost of service expense reductions of 3.1 billion to 3.2 billion and avoided network expenses of 1.6 billion. 
 
 Wireline 
 
 Previously, the operation of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE wireless networks was supported by the legacy Sprint Wireline network. During the second quarter of 2022, we retired the legacy Sprint CDMA network and began the orderly shut-down of the LTE network, which was completed during the third quarter. As a result of these actions during the second quarter of 2022, we determined that the retirement of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE wireless networks triggered the need to assess the Wireline long-lived assets for impairment, as these assets no longer support our wireless network and the associated customers and cash flows in a significant manner. The results of this assessment indicated that certain Wireline long-lived assets were impaired, and as a result, we recorded non-cash impairment expense of 477 million related to Wireline Property and equipment, Operating lease right-of-use assets and Other intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022, all of which relates to the impairment recognized during the three months ended June 30, 2022. We continue to provide Wireline services to existing Wireline customers as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 For more information regarding this non-cash impairment, see Note 16 Wireline of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 On September 6, 2022, we entered into the Wireline Sale Agreement to sell the Wireline Business for a total purchase price of 1. In addition, at the consummation of the Wireline Transaction, we will enter into an agreement for IP transit services for 700 million. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions and the other terms and conditions of the Wireline Sale Agreement, the Wireline Transaction is expected to close mid-year 2023. As a result of the Wireline Sale Agreement and related anticipated Wireline Transaction, we concluded that the Wireline Business met the held for sale criteria upon entering into the Wireline Sale Agreement. As such, the assets and liabilities of the Wireline Business disposal group are classified as held for sale and presented within Other current assets and Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. In connection with the expected sale of the Wireline Business and classification of related assets and liabilities as held for sale, we recognized a pre-tax loss of 1.1 billion during the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included within Loss on disposal group held for sale on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The fair value of the Wireline Business disposal group, less costs to sell, will be reassessed during each subsequent reporting period it remains classified as held for sale, and any remeasurement to the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell will be reported as an adjustment to the Loss on disposal group held for sale. 
 
 For more information regarding the Wireline Sale Agreement, see Note 16 Wireline of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Recent Cyberattacks 
 
 In August 2021, we were subject to a criminal cyberattack involving unauthorized access to T-Mobile s systems. As a result of the attack, we are subject to numerous arbitration demands and lawsuits, including class action lawsuits, and regulatory inquiries as described in Note 19 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In connection with the proposed class action settlement and the separate settlements reached with a number of consumers, we recorded a total pre-tax charge of approximately 400 million during the three months ended June 30, 2022. We expect to continue to incur additional expenses in future periods, including costs to remediate the attack, resolve inquiries by various government authorities, provide additional customer support and enhance customer protection, only some of which may be covered and reimbursable by insurance. In addition to the committed aggregate incremental spend of 150 million for data security and related technology in 2022 and 2023 under the proposed settlement agreement, we intend to allocate substantial additional resources towards cybersecurity initiatives over the next several years. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 100 million in reimbursements from insurance carriers for costs incurred related to the August 2021 cyberattack. We are pursuing additional reimbursements from insurance carriers for costs incurred related to the August 2021 cyberattack. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

In January 2023, we disclosed that a bad actor was obtaining data through a single Application Programming Interface API without authorization. Based on our investigation to date, the impacted API is only able to provide a limited set of customer account data, including name, billing address, email, phone number, date of birth, T-Mobile account number and information such as the number of lines on the account and plan features. The result from our investigation to date indicates that the bad actor(s) obtained data from this API for approximately 37 million current postpaid and prepaid customer accounts, though many of these accounts did not include the full data set. We believe that the bad actor first retrieved data through the impacted API starting on or around November 25, 2022. We continue to investigate the incident and have notified individuals whose information was impacted consistent with state and federal requirements. 
 
 We will respond to litigation and regulatory inquiries in connection with this incident and may incur significant expenses. However, we cannot predict the timing or outcome of any of these potential matters, or whether we may be subject to regulatory inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions. In addition, we are unable to predict the full impact of this incident on customer behavior in the future, including whether a change in our customers behavior could negatively impact our results of operations on an ongoing basis, although we presently do not expect that it will have a material effect on our operations. 
 
 Additionally, following the August 2021 cyberattack, we commenced a substantial multi-year investment working with leading external cybersecurity experts to enhance our cybersecurity capabilities and transform our approach to cybersecurity. While we have made progress to date, we plan to continue to make substantial investments to strengthen our cybersecurity program in future periods. 
 
 Revenue Trends 
 
 In 2023, we expect Service revenues to continue to grow, primarily due to continued postpaid account and customer growth as well as Postpaid Average Revenue per Account postpaid ARPA growth driven by the execution of our strategy to continuously deepen our account relationships, including growth in High Speed Internet. We expect the increase in postpaid service revenues to be partially offset by a decrease in Wholesale and other service revenues, primarily driven by the sale of the Wireline business, which is expected to close mid-2023, the migration by Verizon of legacy TracFone customers off of the T-Mobile network and as DISH services more of its Boost customers with their standalone network. We also expect lower lease revenues as a result of the continued strategic shift in device financing from leasing to EIP. 
 
 Operating Expense Trends 
 
 In 2023, we expect Total operating expenses to decrease, primarily due to continued synergy realization benefiting Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expense as well as a significant decrease in Merger-related costs from 5.0 billion in 2022 to approximately 1.0 billion expected in 2023 as the majority of our integration activities have been completed. 
 
 We further expect a decrease in operating expenses, primarily Cost of services, associated with serving Wireline customers driven by the sale of the Wireline business which is expected to close mid-2023. The trend of decreasing depreciation on leased devices is expected to continue as a result of the continued strategic shift in device financing from leasing to EIP. 
 
 Macroeconomic Trends 
 
 Macroeconomic trends may result in adverse impacts on our business, and we continue to monitor these potential impacts, including potential economic recession, changes in the Federal Reserve s monetary policy, as well as geopolitical risks, including the war in Ukraine. Such scenarios and uncertainties may affect, among others, expected credit loss activity as well as certain fair value estimates. 
 
 To date, price inflation has not had a significant impact on our operations as we have fixed rates established through long-term contracts for many of our most significant costs, including tower agreements and backhaul contracts. Similarly, our exposure to the impact of rising interest rates is limited, primarily to any new debt issuances or draws on our revolving credit facility, as interest is paid on our Senior Notes at a fixed rate. We continue to monitor the impact of these trends on the payment performance of our customers. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law. The IRA includes several changes to existing tax law, including a minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income of applicable corporations and an excise tax on certain corporate stock buybacks. The tax provisions included in the IRA are generally effective beginning January 1, 2023, and had no significant impact to the 2022 consolidated financial statements. Management does not expect the IRA to have a significant impact on our operating results or cash flows in 2023, and we continue to review the IRA tax provisions to assess impacts to our future consolidated financial statements. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 

Set forth below is a summary of our consolidated financial results: Year Ended December 31, 2022 Versus 2021 2021 Versus 2020 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Revenues Postpaid revenues 45,919 42,562 36,306 3,357 8 6,256 17 Prepaid revenues 9,857 9,733 9,421 124 1 312 3 Wholesale and other service revenues 5,547 6,074 4,668 (527) (9) 1,406 30 Total service revenues 61,323 58,369 50,395 2,954 5 7,974 16 Equipment revenues 17,130 20,727 17,312 (3,597) (17) 3,415 20 Other revenues 1,118 1,022 690 96 9 332 48 Total revenues 79,571 80,118 68,397 (547) (1) 11,721 17 Operating expenses Cost of services, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below 14,666 13,934 11,878 732 5 2,056 17 Cost of equipment sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below 21,540 22,671 16,388 (1,131) (5) 6,283 38 Selling, general and administrative 21,607 20,238 18,926 1,369 7 1,312 7 Impairment expense 477 418 477 NM (418) (100) Loss on disposal group held for sale 1,087 1,087 NM NM Depreciation and amortization 13,651 16,383 14,151 (2,732) (17) 2,232 16 Total operating expenses 73,028 73,226 61,761 (198) 11,465 19 Operating income 6,543 6,892 6,636 (349) (5) 256 4 Other expense, net Interest expense, net (3,364) (3,342) (2,701) (22) 1 (641) 24 Other expense, net (33) (199) (405) 166 (83) 206 (51) Total other expense, net (3,397) (3,541) (3,106) 144 (4) (435) 14 Income before income taxes 3,146 3,351 3,530 (205) (6) (179) (5) Income tax expense (556) (327) (786) (229) 70 459 (58) Income from continuing operations 2,590 3,024 2,744 (434) (14) 280 10 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 320 NM (320) (100) Net income 2,590 3,024 3,064 (434) (14) (40) (1) Statement of Cash Flows Data Net cash provided by operating activities 16,781 13,917 8,640 2,864 21 5,277 61 Net cash used in investing activities (12,359) (19,386) (12,715) 7,027 (36) (6,671) 52 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (6,451) 1,709 13,010 (8,160) (477) (11,301) (87) Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted EBITDA 27,821 26,924 24,557 897 3 2,367 10 Core Adjusted EBITDA 26,391 23,576 20,376 2,815 12 3,200 16 Free Cash Flow 7,656 5,646 3,001 2,010 36 2,645 88 
 NM - Not Meaningful 
 32 

Table of Contents 

The following discussion and analysis is for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021 unless otherwise stated. For a discussion and analysis of the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020, please refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022. 

Total revenues decreased 547 million, or 1 . The components of these changes are discussed below. 
 
 Postpaid revenues increased 3.4 billion, or 8 , primarily from: 
 
 Higher average postpaid accounts; and 
 Higher postpaid ARPA. See Postpaid ARPA in the Performance Measures section of this MD A. 
 
 Prepaid revenues increased 124 million, or 1 , primarily from higher average prepaid customers. 
 
 Wholesale and other service revenues decreased 527 million, or 9 , primarily from: 
 
 Lower advertising, MVNO and Wireline revenues; partially offset by 
 Higher Lifeline revenues. 
 
 Equipment revenues decreased 3.6 billion, or 17 , primarily from: 
 
 A decrease of 1.9 billion in lease revenues and a decrease of 599 million in customer purchases of leased devices primarily due to a lower number of customer devices under lease as a result of the continued strategic shift in device financing from leasing to EIP; and 
 A decrease of 787 million in device sales revenue, excluding purchased leased devices, primarily from: 
 A decrease in the number of devices sold primarily driven by lower prepaid sales, partially offset by higher upgrade volume for Sprint customers to facilitate their migration to the T-Mobile network; 
 Slightly lower average revenue per device sold, primarily driven by higher promotions, which included promotions for Sprint customers to facilitate their migration to the T-Mobile network; and 
 An increase in contra-revenue primarily driven by higher imputed interest rates on EIPs, which is recognized in Other revenues over the device financing term. 
 
 Other revenues increased 96 million, or 9 , primarily from: 
 
 Higher interest income driven by higher imputed interest rates on EIPs which is recognized over the device financing term. 

Total operating expenses decreased 198 million. The components of this change are discussed below. 
 
 Cost of services , exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased 732 million, or 5 , primarily from: 
 
 An increase of 1.7 billion in Merger-related costs related to network decommissioning and integration costs; and 
 Higher site costs related to the continued build-out of our nationwide 5G network; partially offset by 
 Higher realized Merger synergies. 
 
 Cost of equipment sales , exclusive of depreciation and amortization, decreased 1.1 billion, or 5 , primarily from: 
 
 A decrease of 964 million in customer purchases of leased devices, primarily due to a lower number of customer devices under lease as a result of the continued strategic shift in device financing from leasing to EIP; and 
 A decrease of 503 million in device cost of equipment sales, excluding purchased leased devices, primarily from: 
 A decrease in the number of devices sold primarily driven by lower prepaid sales, partially offset by higher upgrade volume for Sprint customers to facilitate their migration to the T-Mobile network; partially offset by 
 Slightly higher average cost per device sold due to an increase in the high-end device mix; partially offset by 
 Higher device insurance claims and warranty fulfillment expense. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Cost of equipment sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, included 1.5 billion of Merger-related costs, primarily to facilitate the migration of Sprint customers to the T-Mobile network, compared to 1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 1.4 billion, or 7 , primarily from: 
 
 An increase of 773 million in bad debt expense and losses from sales of receivables, driven by higher receivable balances, as well as normalization relative to muted Pandemic levels in 2021 and estimated potential future macroeconomic impacts; 
 Higher legal-related expenses, net of recoveries, including 400 million recognized in June 2022 for the settlement of certain litigation associated with the August 2021 cyberattack, partially offset by 100 million in reimbursements from insurance carriers received in 2022 associated with the August 2021 cyberattack; and 
 Higher costs related to outsourced functions; partially offset by 
 Higher realized Merger synergies and lower Merger-related costs; and 
 Gains from the sale of certain IP addresses held by the Wireline Business. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, included 775 million of Merger-related costs, primarily related to integration, restructuring and legal-related expenses, partially offset by 333 million received in gross settlements for certain patent litigation assumed in the Merger, compared to 1.1 billion of Merger-related costs for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Impairment expense was 477 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the non-cash impairment of certain Wireline Property and equipment, Operating lease right-of-use assets and Other intangible assets. See Note 16 - Wireline of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. There was no impairment expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Loss on disposal group held for sale was 1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the agreement for the sale of the Wireline Business. See Note 16 - Wireline of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. There was no loss on disposal group held for sale for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased 2.7 billion, or 17 , primarily from: 
 
 Lower depreciation expense on leased devices, resulting from a lower number of total customer devices under lease; 
 Certain 4G-related network assets becoming fully depreciated, including assets impacted by the decommissioning of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE networks; and 
 Lower amortization expense on certain intangible assets acquired in the Merger; partially offset by 
 Higher depreciation expense, excluding leased devices, from the continued build-out of our nationwide 5G network. 
 
 Operating income , the components of which are discussed above, decreased 349 million, or 5 . 

Interest expense, net was essentially flat and was impacted by the following: 
 
 Lower average debt outstanding and a lower average effective interest rate due to the retirement of higher interest rate debt and the issuance of a lower gross principal amount of lower interest rate debt; offset by 
 Lower capitalized interest related to the deployment of our 600 MHz spectrum. 
 
 Other expense, net decreased 166 million, or 83 , primarily from losses on the extinguishment of debt in 2021. 
 
 Income before income taxes , the components of which are discussed above, was 3.1 billion and 3.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Income tax expense increased 229 million, or 70 , primarily from: 
 
 Tax benefits recognized in the year ended December 31, 2021, associated with legal entity reorganization related to historical Sprint entities, including a reduction in the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets in certain state jurisdictions, that did not impact 2022; partially offset by 
 Tax benefits recognized in 2022 associated with internal restructuring. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Our effective tax rate was 17.7 and 9.8 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Net income , the components of which are discussed above, was 2.6 billion and 3.0 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, included the following: 
 
 Merger-related costs, net of tax, of 3.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Loss on disposal group held for sale of 815 million, net of tax, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to no loss on disposal group held for sale for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Impairment expense of 358 million, net of tax, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to no impairment expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Certain legal-related expenses, net of recoveries, including from the impact of the settlement of certain litigation associated with the August 2021 cyberattack, of 293 million, net of tax, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Guarantor Financial Information 
 
 In connection with our Merger with Sprint, we assumed certain registered debt to third parties issued by Sprint, Sprint Communications LLC, formerly known as Sprint Communications, Inc. Sprint Communications and Sprint Capital Corporation (collectively, the Sprint Issuers ). As of December 31, 2022, all the registered debt to third parties issued by Sprint Communications had matured and Sprint Communications no longer has any such debt outstanding. 
 
 Pursuant to the applicable indentures and supplemental indentures, the Senior Notes to affiliates and third parties issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. and the Sprint Issuers (collectively, the Issuers are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by T-Mobile Parent and certain of Parent s 100 owned subsidiaries Guarantor Subsidiaries ). 
 
 The guarantees of the Guarantor Subsidiaries are subject to release in limited circumstances only upon the occurrence of certain customary conditions. Generally, the guarantees of the Guarantor Subsidiaries with respect to the Senior Notes issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. (other than 3.5 billion in principal amount of Senior Notes issued in 2017 and 2018) and the credit agreement entered into by T-Mobile USA, Inc. will be automatically and unconditionally released if, immediately following such release and any concurrent releases of other guarantees, the aggregate principal amount of indebtedness of non-guarantor subsidiaries (other than certain specified subsidiaries) would not exceed 2.0 billion. The indentures, supplemental indentures and credit agreements governing the long-term debt contain covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Issuers or borrowers and the Guarantor Subsidiaries to incur more debt, create liens or other encumbrances, and merge, consolidate or sell, or otherwise dispose of, substantially all of their assets. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 The following tables include summarized financial information of the obligor groups of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc., Sprint and Sprint Capital Corporation. The summarized financial information of each obligor group is presented on a combined basis with balances and transactions within the obligor group eliminated. Investments in and the equity in earnings of non-guarantor subsidiaries, which would otherwise be consolidated in accordance with GAAP, are excluded from the below summarized financial information pursuant to SEC Regulation S-X Rule 13-01. 
 
 The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. is presented in the table below: (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Current assets 17,661 19,522 Noncurrent assets 181,673 174,980 Current liabilities 23,146 22,195 Noncurrent liabilities 120,385 115,126 Due to non-guarantors 9,325 8,208 Due to related parties 1,571 3,842 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc. is presented in the table below: Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) Total revenues 77,054 78,538 Operating income 2,985 3,835 Net (loss) income (572) 402 Revenue from non-guarantors 2,427 1,769 Operating expenses to non-guarantors 2,659 2,655 Other expense to non-guarantors (327) (148) 
 
 The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint is presented in the table below: (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Current assets 9,319 11,969 Noncurrent assets 11,271 10,347 Current liabilities 15,854 15,136 Noncurrent liabilities 65,118 70,262 Due to non-guarantors 3,930 Due from non-guarantors 1,787 Due to related parties 1,571 3,842 
 
 The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint is presented in the table below: Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) Total revenues 7 7 Operating loss (3,479) (751) Net income (loss) (1) 
 2,471 (2,161) Other income, net, from non-guarantors 525 1,706 
 (1) Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes tax benefits recognized associated with internal restructuring. 
 
 The summarized balance sheet information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint Capital Corporation is presented in the table below: (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Current assets 9,320 11,969 Noncurrent assets 16,337 19,375 Current liabilities 15,926 15,208 Noncurrent liabilities 66,516 75,753 Due from non-guarantors 5,066 10,814 Due to related parties 1,571 3,842 
 
 The summarized results of operations information for the consolidated obligor group of debt issued by Sprint Capital Corporation is presented in the table below: Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) Total revenues 7 7 Operating loss (3,479) (751) Net income (loss) (1) 
 2,604 (2,590) Other income, net, from non-guarantors 941 2,076 
 (1) Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes tax benefits recognized associated with internal restructuring. 

Performance Measures 
 
 In managing our business and assessing financial performance, we supplement the information provided by our consolidated financial statements with other operating or statistical data and non-GAAP financial measures. These operating and financial measures are utilized by our management to evaluate our operating performance and, in certain cases, our ability to meet 
 36 

Table of Contents 

liquidity requirements. Although companies in the wireless industry may not define each of these measures in precisely the same way, we believe that these measures facilitate comparisons with other companies in the wireless industry on key operating and financial measures. 
 
 Total Postpaid Accounts 
 
 A postpaid account is generally defined as a billing account number that generates revenue. Postpaid accounts generally consist of customers that are qualified for postpaid service utilizing phones, High Speed Internet, tablets, wearables, DIGITS or other connected devices, where they generally pay after receiving service. 
 As of December 31, 2022 Versus 2021 2021 Versus 2020 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 # Change Change # Change Change Total postpaid customer accounts (1) (2) (3) 
 28,526 27,216 25,754 1,310 5 1,462 6 
 (1) Customers impacted by the decommissioning of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE and T-Mobile UMTS networks have been excluded from our postpaid account base resulting in the removal of 57,000 postpaid accounts in the first quarter of 2022 and 69,000 postpaid accounts in the second quarter of 2022. 
 (2) In the first quarter of 2021, we acquired 4,000 postpaid accounts through our acquisition of an affiliate. In the third quarter of 2021, we acquired 270,000 postpaid accounts through our acquisition of the Wireless Assets of Shentel. 
 (3) Includes accounts acquired in connection with the Merger and certain account base adjustments. See Sprint Merger Account Base Adjustments table below. 
 
 Total postpaid customer accounts increased 1,310,000, or 5 , primarily due to the Company s differentiated growth strategy in new and under-penetrated markets, including continued growth in High Speed Internet. 
 
 Sprint Merger Account Base Adjustments 
 
 Certain adjustments were made to align the account reporting policies of T-Mobile and Sprint. 
 
 The adjustments made to the reported T-Mobile and Sprint ending account base as of March 31, 2020 are presented below: (in thousands) Postpaid Accounts Reconciliation to beginning accounts T-Mobile accounts as reported, end of period March 31, 2020 15,244 Sprint accounts, end of period March 31, 2020 11,246 Total combined accounts, end of period March 31, 2020 26,490 Adjustments Reseller reclassification to wholesale accounts (1) 
 (1) EIP reclassification from postpaid to prepaid (2) 
 (963) Rate plan threshold (3) 
 (18) Collection policy alignment (4) 
 (76) Miscellaneous adjustments (5) 
 (47) Total Adjustments (1,105) Adjusted beginning accounts as of April 1, 2020 25,385 
 (1) In connection with the closing of the Merger, we refined our definition of wholesale accounts resulting in the reclassification of certain postpaid and prepaid reseller accounts to wholesale accounts. 
 (2) Prepaid accounts with a customer with a device installment billing plan historically included as Sprint postpaid accounts have been reclassified to prepaid accounts to align with T-Mobile policy. 
 (3) Accounts with customers who have rate plans with monthly recurring charges that are considered insignificant have been excluded from our reported accounts. 
 (4) Certain Sprint accounts subject to collection activity for an extended period of time have been excluded from our reported accounts to align with T-Mobile policy. 
 (5) Miscellaneous insignificant adjustments to align with T-Mobile policy. 
 
 Postpaid Net Account Additions 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of postpaid net account additions: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Versus 2021 2021 Versus 2020 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 # Change Change # Change Change Postpaid net account additions 1,436 1,188 566 248 21 622 110 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Postpaid net account additions increased 248,000, or 21 , primarily due to continued growth resulting from the Company s differentiated growth strategy in new and under-penetrated markets, including continued growth in High Speed Internet. 
 
 Customers 
 
 A customer is generally defined as a SIM number with a unique T-Mobile identifier which is associated with an account that generates revenue. Customers are qualified either for postpaid service utilizing phones, High Speed Internet, tablets, wearables, DIGITS or other connected devices, where they generally pay after receiving service, or prepaid service, where they generally pay in advance of receiving service. 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of ending customers: As of December 31, 2022 Versus 2021 2021 Versus 2020 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 # Change Change # Change Change Customers, end of period Postpaid phone customers (1) (2) (3) 
 72,834 70,262 66,618 2,572 4 3,644 5 Postpaid other customers (1) (2) (3) 
 19,398 17,401 14,732 1,997 11 2,669 18 Total postpaid customers 92,232 87,663 81,350 4,569 5 6,313 8 Prepaid customers (1) (3) 
 21,366 21,056 20,714 310 1 342 2 Total customers 113,598 108,719 102,064 4,879 4 6,655 7 Acquired customers, net of base adjustments (1) (2) (3) 
 (1,878) 818 29,228 (2,696) (330) (28,410) (97) 
 (1) Customers impacted by the decommissioning of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE and T-Mobile UMTS networks have been excluded from our customer base resulting in the removal of 212,000 postpaid phone customers and 349,000 postpaid other customers in the first quarter of 2022 and 284,000 postpaid phone customers, 946,000 postpaid other customers and 28,000 prepaid customers in the second quarter of 2022. In connection with our acquisition of companies, we included a base adjustment in the first quarter of 2022 to increase postpaid phone customers by 17,000 and reduce postpaid other customers by 14,000. Certain customers now serviced through reseller contracts were removed from our reported postpaid customer base resulting in the removal of 42,000 postpaid phone customers and 20,000 postpaid other customers in the second quarter of 2022. 
 (2) In the first quarter of 2021, we acquired 11,000 postpaid phone customers and 1,000 postpaid other customers through our acquisition of an affiliate. In the third quarter of 2021, we acquired 716,000 postpaid phone customers and 90,000 postpaid other customers through our acquisition of the Wireless Assets from Shentel. 
 (3) Includes customers acquired in connection with the Merger and certain customer base adjustments. See Sprint Merger Customer Base Adjustments and Net Customer Additions tables below. 
 
 Total customers increased 4,879,000, or 4 , primarily from: 
 
 Higher postpaid phone customers, primarily due to growth in new customer account relationships; 
 Higher postpaid other customers, primarily due to growth in other connected devices, including growth in High Speed Internet and wearable products; and 
 Higher prepaid customers, primarily due to the continued success of our prepaid business due to promotional activity and rate plan offers, including the introduction of our prepaid High Speed Internet offering, partially offset by lower prepaid industry demand associated with continued industry shift to postpaid plans. 
 
 Total customers included High Speed Internet customers of 2,646,000 and 646,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Sprint Merger Customer Base Adjustments 
 
 Certain adjustments were made to align the customer reporting policies of T-Mobile and Sprint. 
 
 The adjustments made to the reported T-Mobile and Sprint ending customer base as of March 31, 2020, are presented below: (in thousands) Postpaid phone customers Postpaid other customers Total postpaid customers Prepaid customers Total customers Reconciliation to beginning customers T-Mobile customers as reported, end of period March 31, 2020 40,797 7,014 47,811 20,732 68,543 Sprint customers as reported, end of period March 31, 2020 25,916 8,428 34,344 8,256 42,600 Total combined customers, end of period March 31, 2020 66,713 15,442 82,155 28,988 111,143 Adjustments Reseller reclassification to wholesale customers (1) 
 (199) (2,872) (3,071) (3,071) EIP reclassification from postpaid to prepaid (2) 
 (963) (963) 963 Divested prepaid customers (3) 
 (9,207) (9,207) Rate plan threshold (4) 
 (182) (918) (1,100) (1,100) Customers with non-phone devices (5) 
 (226) 226 Collection policy alignment (6) 
 (150) (46) (196) (196) Miscellaneous adjustments (7) 
 (141) (43) (184) (302) (486) Total Adjustments (1,861) (3,653) (5,514) (8,546) (14,060) Adjusted beginning customers as of April 1, 2020 64,852 11,789 76,641 20,442 97,083 
 (1) In connection with the closing of the Merger, we refined our definition of wholesale customers, resulting in the reclassification of certain postpaid and prepaid reseller customers to wholesale customers. Starting with the three months ended March 31, 2020, we discontinued reporting wholesale customers to focus on postpaid and prepaid customers and wholesale revenues, which we consider more relevant than the number of wholesale customers given the expansion of M2M and IoT products. 
 (2) Prepaid customers with a device installment billing plan historically included as Sprint postpaid customers have been reclassified to prepaid customers to align with T-Mobile policy. 
 (3) Customers associated with the Sprint wireless prepaid and Boost Mobile brands that were divested on July 1, 2020, have been excluded from our reported customers. 
 (4) Customers who have rate plans with monthly recurring charges which are considered insignificant have been excluded from our reported customers. 
 (5) Customers with postpaid phone rate plans without a phone (e.g., non-phone devices) have been reclassified from postpaid phone to postpaid other customers to align with T-Mobile policy. 
 (6) Certain Sprint customers subject to collection activity for an extended period of time have been excluded from our reported customers to align with T-Mobile policy. 
 (7) Miscellaneous insignificant adjustments to align with T-Mobile policy. 
 
 Net Customer Additions 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of net customer additions: Year Ended December 31, 2022 Versus 2021 2021 Versus 2020 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 # Change Change # Change Change Net customer additions Postpaid phone customers 3,093 2,917 2,218 176 6 699 32 Postpaid other customers 3,326 2,578 3,268 748 29 (690) (21) Total postpaid customers 6,419 5,495 5,486 924 17 9 Prepaid customers 338 342 145 (4) (1) 197 136 Total customers 6,757 5,837 5,631 920 16 206 4 Adjustments to customers (1,878) 818 29,228 (2,696) (330) (28,410) (97) 
 
 Total net customer additions increased 920,000, or 16 , primarily from: 
 
 Higher postpaid other net customer additions, primarily due to an increase in postpaid High Speed Internet net customer additions and other connected devices, partially offset by lower net additions from mobile internet devices; and 
 Higher postpaid phone net customer additions, primarily due to lower churn, partially offset by lower gross additions driven by industry switching activity normalizing closer to pre-Pandemic levels; partially offset by 
 Lower prepaid net customer additions associated with the continued industry shift to postpaid plans, partially offset by the introduction of our prepaid High Speed Internet offering and lower churn. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

High Speed Internet net customer additions included in postpaid other net customer additions were 1,764,000 and 546,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. High Speed Internet net customer additions included in prepaid net customer additions were 236,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our prepaid High Speed Internet launch was in the first quarter of 2022. Therefore, there were no prepaid High Speed Internet net customer additions for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Churn 
 
 Churn represents the number of customers whose service was disconnected as a percentage of the average number of customers during the specified period further divided by the number of months in the period. The number of customers whose service was disconnected is presented net of customers that subsequently had their service restored within a certain period of time and excludes customers who received service for less than a certain minimum period of time. We believe that churn provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to evaluate customer retention and loyalty. 
 
 The following table sets forth the churn: Year Ended December 31, Bps Change 2022 Versus 2021 Bps Change 2021 Versus 2020 2022 2021 2020 Postpaid phone churn 0.88 0.98 0.90 -10 bps 8 bps Prepaid churn 2.77 2.83 3.03 -6 bps -20 bps 
 
 Postpaid phone churn decreased 10 basis points, primarily from: 
 
 Reduced Sprint churn as we progress through the integration process; partially offset by 
 More normalized payment performance relative to muted Pandemic levels in 2021. 
 
 Prepaid churn decreased 6 basis points, primarily from: 
 
 Promotional activity; partially offset by 
 More normalized payment performance relative to muted Pandemic levels in 2021. 
 
 Postpaid Average Revenue Per Account 
 
 Postpaid ARPA represents the average monthly postpaid service revenue earned per account. Postpaid ARPA is calculated as Postpaid revenues for the specified period divided by the average number of postpaid accounts during the period, further divided by the number of months in the period. We believe postpaid ARPA provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to assess and evaluate our postpaid service revenue realization and assist in forecasting our future postpaid service revenues on a per account basis. We consider postpaid ARPA to be indicative of our revenue growth potential given the increase in the average number of postpaid phone customers per account and increases in postpaid other customers, including High Speed Internet, tablets, wearables, DIGITS or other connected devices. 
 
 The following table sets forth our operating measure ARPA: (in dollars) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Versus 2021 2021 Versus 2020 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Postpaid ARPA 137.43 134.03 131.78 3.40 3 2.25 2 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Postpaid ARPA increased 3.40, or 3 , primarily from: 
 
 Higher premium services, including Magenta Max; 
 Higher non-recurring charges relative to muted Pandemic levels in 2021; and 
 An increase in customers per account, including continued adoption of High Speed Internet from existing accounts; partially offset by 
 An increase in High Speed Internet only accounts and increased promotional activity, including growth in rate plans for specific customer cohorts such as Business, Military, and First Responder. 
 
 Average Revenue Per User 
 
 Average Revenue per User ARPU represents the average monthly service revenue earned per customer. ARPU is calculated as service revenues for the specified period divided by the average number of customers during the period, further divided by the number of months in the period. We believe ARPU provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to assess and evaluate our service revenue per customer and assist in forecasting our future service revenues generated from our customer base. Postpaid phone ARPU excludes postpaid other customers and related revenues, which include High Speed Internet, tablets, wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices. 
 
 The following table sets forth our operating measure ARPU: 
 (in dollars) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Versus 2021 2021 Versus 2020 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Postpaid phone ARPU 48.78 47.75 47.74 1.03 2 0.01 Prepaid ARPU 38.76 38.79 38.12 (0.03) 0.67 2 
 
 Postpaid Phone ARPU 
 
 Postpaid phone ARPU increased 1.03, or 2 , primarily due to: 
 
 Higher premium services, including Magenta Max; and 
 Higher non-recurring charges relative to muted Pandemic levels in 2021; partially offset by 
 Increased promotional activity, including growth in rate plans for specific customer cohorts such as Business, Military, and First Responder. 
 
 Prepaid ARPU 
 
 Prepaid ARPU was essentially flat, primarily from: 
 
 Increased promotional activity; offset by 
 Higher premium services; and 
 Higher non-recurring charges. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA represents earnings before Interest expense, net of Interest income, Income tax expense, Depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and certain income and expenses not reflective of our ongoing operating performance. Core Adjusted EBITDA represents Adjusted EBITDA less device lease revenues. Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Adjusted EBITDA divided by Service revenues. Core Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Core Adjusted EBITDA divided by Service revenues. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Core Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures utilized by our management to monitor the financial performance of our operations. We historically used Adjusted EBITDA and we currently use Core Adjusted EBITDA internally as a measure to evaluate and compensate our personnel and management for their performance. We use Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA as benchmarks to evaluate our operating performance in comparison to our competitors. Management believes analysts and investors use Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA as supplemental measures to evaluate overall operating performance and to facilitate comparisons with other wireless communications services companies because they are indicative of our ongoing 
 41 

Table of Contents 

operating performance and trends by excluding the impact of interest expense from financing, non-cash depreciation and amortization from capital investments, stock-based compensation, Merger-related costs, including network decommissioning costs, impairment expense, losses on disposal groups held for sale and certain legal-related recoveries and expenses, as well as other special income and expenses which are not reflective of our core business activities. Management believes analysts and investors use Core Adjusted EBITDA because it normalizes for the transition in the Company s device financing strategy, by excluding the impact of device lease revenues from Adjusted EBITDA, to align with the exclusion of the related depreciation expense on leased devices from Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Core Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA margin have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for income from operations, net income or any other measure of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The following table illustrates the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA and reconciles Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA to Net income, which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Versus 2021 2021 Versus 2020 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Net income 2,590 3,024 3,064 (434) (14) (40) (1) Adjustments: Income from discontinued operations, net of tax (320) NM 320 (100) Income from continuing operations 2,590 3,024 2,744 (434) (14) 280 10 Interest expense, net 3,364 3,342 2,701 22 1 641 24 Other expense, net 33 199 405 (166) (83) (206) (51) Income tax expense 556 327 786 229 70 (459) (58) Operating income 6,543 6,892 6,636 (349) (5) 256 4 Depreciation and amortization 13,651 16,383 14,151 (2,732) (17) 2,232 16 Operating income from discontinued operations (1) 
 432 NM (432) (100) Stock-based compensation (2) 
 576 521 516 55 11 5 1 Merger-related costs 4,969 3,107 1,915 1,862 60 1,192 62 COVID-19-related costs 458 NM (458) (100) Impairment expense 477 418 477 NM (418) (100) Legal-related expenses, net (3) 
 391 391 NM NM Loss on disposal group held for sale 1,087 1,087 NM NM Other, net (4) 
 127 21 31 106 505 (10) (32) Adjusted EBITDA 27,821 26,924 24,557 897 3 2,367 10 Lease revenues (1,430) (3,348) (4,181) 1,918 (57) 833 (20) Core Adjusted EBITDA 
 26,391 23,576 20,376 2,815 12 3,200 16 Net income margin (Net income divided by Service revenues) 4 5 6 -100 bps -100 bps Adjusted EBITDA margin (Adjusted EBITDA divided by Service revenues) 45 46 49 -100 bps -300 bps Core Adjusted EBITDA margin (Core Adjusted EBITDA divided by Service revenues) 
 43 40 40 300 bps bps 
 (1) Following the Prepaid Transaction starting on July 1, 2020, we provide MVNO services to DISH. We have included the operating income from April 1, 2020 through June 30, 2020, in our determination of Adjusted EBITDA to reflect contributions of the Prepaid Business that were replaced by the MVNO Agreement beginning on July 1, 2020 in order to enable management, analysts and investors to better assess ongoing operating performance and trends. 
 (2) Stock-based compensation includes payroll tax impacts and may not agree with stock-based compensation expense on the consolidated financial statements. Additionally, certain stock-based compensation expenses associated with the Transactions have been included in Merger-related costs. 
 (3) Legal-related expenses, net, consists of the settlement of certain litigation associated with the August 2021 cyberattack and is presented net of insurance recoveries. 
 (4) Other, net, primarily consists of certain severance, restructuring and other expenses and income, including gains from the sale of IP addresses, not directly attributable to the Merger which are not reflective of T-Mobile s core business activities special items ), and are, therefore, excluded from Adjusted EBITDA and Core Adjusted EBITDA. 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 
 Core Adjusted EBITDA increased 2.8 billion, or 12 , for the year ended December 31, 2022. The components comprising Core Adjusted EBITDA are discussed further above. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

The increase was primarily due to: 
 
 Higher Total service revenues; 
 Lower Cost of equipment sales, excluding Merger-related costs; and 
 Lower Cost of services, excluding Merger-related costs; partially offset by 
 Lower Equipment revenues, excluding lease revenues; and 
 Higher Selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding Merger-related costs, certain legal-related expenses, net of recoveries, and other special items, such as gains from the sale of IP addresses. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 897 million, or 3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the fluctuations in Core Adjusted EBITDA, discussed above, partially offset by lower lease revenues, which decreased 1.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, proceeds from issuance of debt, financing leases, the sale of certain receivables and the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below). Further, the incurrence of additional indebtedness may inhibit our ability to incur new debt in the future to finance our business strategy under the terms governing our existing and future indebtedness. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following is a condensed schedule of our cash flows: Year Ended December 31, 2022 Versus 2021 2021 Versus 2020 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Net cash provided by operating activities 16,781 13,917 8,640 2,864 21 5,277 61 Net cash used in investing activities (12,359) (19,386) (12,715) 7,027 (36) (6,671) 52 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (6,451) 1,709 13,010 (8,160) (477) (11,301) (87) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 2.9 billion, or 21 , primarily from: 
 
 A 4.1 billion decrease in net cash outflows from changes in working capital, primarily due to lower use of cash from Short- and long-term operating lease liabilities, including the impact of a 1.0 billion advance rent payment related to the modification of one of our master lease agreements during the year ended December 31, 2021, EIP receivables, Other current and long-term liabilities and Inventories, partially offset by higher use of cash from Accounts receivable; partially offset by 
 A 1.2 billion decrease in Net income, adjusted for non-cash income and expense. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities includes the impact of 3.4 billion and 2.2 billion in net payments for Merger-related costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased 7.0 billion or 36 . The use of cash was primarily from: 
 
 14.0 billion in Purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest, from the accelerated build-out of our nationwide 5G network, including from network integration related to the Merger; and 
 3.3 billion in Purchases of spectrum licenses and other intangible assets, including deposits, primarily due to 2.8 billion paid for spectrum licenses won at the conclusion of Auction 110 in February 2022 and 304 million paid in total for spectrum licenses won at the conclusion of Auction 108 in September 2022; partially offset by 
 4.8 billion in Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 6.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 1.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The use of cash was primarily from: 
 
 5.6 billion in Repayments of long-term debt; 
 3.0 billion in Repurchases of common stock; 
 1.2 billion in Repayments of financing lease obligations; and 
 243 million in Tax withholdings on share-based awards; partially offset by 
 3.7 billion in Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Cash and cash equivalents were 4.5 billion compared to 6.6 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Free Cash Flow 
 
 Free Cash Flow represents Net cash provided by operating activities less cash payments for Purchases of property and equipment, including Proceeds from sales of tower sites and Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions and less Cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs. Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP financial measure utilized by management, investors and analysts of our financial information to evaluate cash available to pay debt, repurchase shares and provide further investment in the business. 
 
 In 2022 and 2021, we received proceeds from the sale of tower sites of 9 million and 40 million, respectively, which are included in Proceeds from sales of tower sites within Net cash used in investing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As these proceeds were from the sale of fixed assets and are used by management to assess cash available for capital expenditures during the year, we determined the proceeds are relevant for the calculation of Free Cash Flow and included them in the table below. Other proceeds from the sale of fixed assets for the periods presented are not significant. We have presented the impact of the sales in the table below, which reconciles Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow, excluding gross payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps, to Net cash provided by operating activities, which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Versus 2021 2021 Versus 2020 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Net cash provided by operating activities 16,781 13,917 8,640 2,864 21 5,277 61 Cash purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest (13,970) (12,326) (11,034) (1,644) 13 (1,292) 12 Proceeds from sales of tower sites 9 40 (31) (78) 40 NM Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions 4,836 4,131 3,134 705 17 997 32 Cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs (116) (82) 116 (100) (34) 41 Free Cash Flow 7,656 5,646 658 2,010 36 4,988 758 Gross cash paid for the settlement of interest rate swaps 2,343 NM (2,343) (100) Free Cash Flow, excluding gross payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps 7,656 5,646 3,001 2,010 36 2,645 88 
 NM - Not Meaningful 
 
 Free Cash Flow increased 2.0 billion, or 36 . The increase was primarily impacted by the following: 
 
 Higher Net cash provided by operating activities, as described above; and 
 Higher Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions, which were offset in Net cash provided by operating activities; partially offset by 
 Higher Cash purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest. 
 Free Cash Flow includes 3.4 billion and 2.2 billion in net payments for Merger-related costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no significant net cash proceeds from securitization. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Borrowing Capacity 
 
 We maintain a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with an aggregate commitment amount of 7.5 billion. As of December 31, 2022, there was no outstanding balance under the Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 8 - Debt of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Debt Financing 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total debt and financing lease liabilities were 74.5 billion, excluding our tower obligations, of which 66.8 billion was classified as long-term debt and 1.4 billion was classified as long-term financing lease liabilities. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued long-term debt for net proceeds of 3.7 billion and repaid short- and long-term debt with an aggregate principal amount of 5.6 billion. 
 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, on February 9, 2023, we issued 1.0 billion of 4.950 Senior Notes due 2028, 1.3 billion of 5.050 Senior Notes due 2033 and 750 million of 5.650 Senior Notes due 2053. 
 
 For more information regarding our debt financing transactions, see Note 8 Debt of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Spectrum Auctions 
 
 In March 2021, the FCC announced that we were the winning bidder of 142 licenses in Auction 107 (C-band spectrum) for an aggregate purchase price of 9.3 billion, excluding relocation costs. We expect to incur an additional 767 million in fixed relocation costs, which will be paid through 2024. 
 
 In January 2022, the FCC announced that we were the winning bidder of 199 licenses in Auction 110 (3.45 GHz spectrum) for an aggregate purchase price of 2.9 billion. At the inception of Auction 110 in September 2021, we deposited 100 million. We paid the FCC the remaining 2.8 billion for the licenses won in the auction in February 2022. 
 
 In September 2022, the FCC announced that we were the winning bidder of 7,156 licenses in Auction 108 (2.5 GHz spectrum) for an aggregate price of 304 million. At the inception of Auction 108 in June 2022, we deposited 65 million. We paid the FCC the remaining 239 million for the licenses won in the auction in September 2022. Our receipt of these licenses was still awaiting FCC final approval of the auction results as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 For more information regarding our spectrum licenses, see Note 6 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 License Purchase Agreements 
 
 On August 8, 2022, we entered into License Purchase Agreements to acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC in exchange for total cash consideration of 3.5 billion. The closing of this purchase was still awaiting FCC final approval as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 For more information regarding our License Purchase Agreements, see Note 6 Goodwill, Spectrum License Trans actions and Other Intangible Assets of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have arrangements, as amended from time to time, to sell certain EIP accounts receivable and service accounts receivable on a revolving basis as a source of liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, we derecognized net receivables of 2.4 billion upon sale through these arrangements. 
 
 For more information regarding these off-balance sheet arrangements, see Note 4 Sales of Certain Receivables of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 
 We may seek additional sources of liquidity, including through the issuance of additional debt, to continue to opportunistically acquire spectrum licenses or other long-lived assets in private party transactions, repurchase shares, or for the refinancing of existing long-term debt on an opportunistic basis. Excluding liquidity that could be needed for spectrum acquisitions, other long-lived assets or for any potential stockholder returns, we expect our principal sources of funding to be sufficient to meet our anticipated liquidity needs for business operations for the next 12 months as well as our longer-term liquidity needs. Our intended use of any such funds is for general corporate purposes, including for capital expenditures, spectrum purchases, opportunistic investments and acquisitions, redemption of debt, tower obligations, share repurchases and the execution of our integration plan. 
 
 We determine future liquidity requirements for operations, capital expenditures and share repurchases based in large part upon projected financial and operating performance, and opportunities to acquire additional spectrum or repurchase shares. We regularly review and update these projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape and other factors. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with the Government Commitments, and we are also expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile s and Sprint s businesses, operations, policies and procedures. See Restructuring in this MD A. While we have assumed that a certain level of Merger-related expenses will be incurred, factors beyond our control, including required consultation and negotiation with certain counterparties, could affect the total amount or the timing of these expenses. These expenses could exceed the costs historically borne by us and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. There are a number of additional risks and uncertainties, including those due to the impact of the Pandemic, that could cause our financial and operating results and capital requirements to differ materially from our projections, which could cause future liquidity to differ materially from our assessment. 
 
 The indentures, supplemental indentures and credit agreements governing our long-term debt to affiliates and third parties, excluding financing leases, contain covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the Issuers or borrowers and the Guarantor Subsidiaries to incur more debt, create liens or other encumbrances, and merge, consolidate or sell, or otherwise dispose of, substantially all of their assets. We were in compliance with all restrictive debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Financing Lease Facilities 
 
 We have entered into uncommitted financing lease facilities with certain third parties that provide us with the ability to enter into financing leases for network equipment and services. As of December 31, 2022, we have committed to 7.5 billion of financing leases under these financing lease facilities, of which 1.2 billion was executed during the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect to enter into up to an additional 1.2 billion in financing lease commitments during the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion and upgrading of our network infrastructure and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel and customer base of T-Mobile and Sprint. Property and equipment capital expenditures primarily relate to the integration of our network and spectrum licenses, including acquired Sprint PCS and 2.5 GHz spectrum licenses, as we build out our nationwide 5G network. We expect a reduction in capital expenditures related to these efforts following 2022. Future capital expenditure requirements will include the deployment of our recently acquired C-band and 3.45 GHz spectrum licenses. 
 
 For more information regarding our spectrum licenses, see Note 6 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intan gible As s ets of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Stockholder Returns 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 
 On September 8, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized our 2022 Stock Repurchase Program for up to 14.0 billion of our common stock through September 30, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased shares of our common stock for a total purchase price of 3.0 billion, all of which were purchased under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program and occurred during the period from September 8, 2022, through December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had up to 11.0 billion remaining under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, from January 1, 2023, through February 10, 2023, we repurchased additional shares of our common stock for a total purchase price of 2.1 billion. As of February 10, 2023, we had up to 8.9 billion remaining under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program. 
 
 For additional information regarding the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program, see Note 15 Repurchases of Common Stock of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 In connection with the regulatory approvals of the Transactions, we made commitments to various state and federal agencies, including the U.S. Department of Justice and FCC. 
 
 For more information regarding these commitments, see Note 1 9 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The following table summarizes our material contractual obligations and borrowings as of December 31, 2022, and the timing and effect that such commitments are expected to have on our liquidity and capital requirements in future periods: (in millions) Less Than 1 Year 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years More Than 5 Years Total Long-term debt (1) 
 5,070 9,142 10,735 46,117 71,064 Interest on long-term debt 3,122 5,089 4,134 17,929 30,274 Financing lease liabilities, including imputed interest 1,216 1,334 67 11 2,628 Tower obligations (2) 
 424 816 788 4,512 6,540 Operating lease liabilities, including imputed interest 4,847 8,419 7,061 21,453 41,780 Purchase obligations (3) (4) 
 4,542 4,876 2,809 2,816 15,043 Spectrum leases and service credits (5) 
 315 587 634 4,615 6,151 Total contractual obligations 19,536 30,263 26,228 97,453 173,480 
 (1) Represents principal amounts of long-term debt to affiliates and third parties at maturity, excluding unamortized premiums, discounts, debt issuance costs, consent fees, and financing lease obligations. See Note 8 Debt of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 (2) Future minimum payments, including principal and interest payments, related to the tower obligations. See Note 9 Tower Obligations of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 (3) The minimum commitment for certain obligations is based on termination penalties that could be paid to exit the contracts. Termination penalties are included in the above table as payments due as of the earliest we could exit the contract, typically in less than one year. For certain contracts that include fixed volume purchase commitments and fixed prices for various products, the purchase obligations are calculated using fixed volumes and contractually fixed prices for the products that are expected to be purchased. This table does not include open purchase orders as of December 31, 2022 under normal business purposes. See Note 1 9 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 (4) On August 8, 2022, we entered into License Purchase Agreements to acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC in exchange for total cash consideration of 3.5 billion. The agreements remain subject to regulatory approval and the purchase price of 3.5 billion is excluded from our reported purchase obligations above. 
 (5) Spectrum lease agreements are typically for five to 10 years with automatic renewal provisions, bringing the total term of the agreements up to 30 years. 
 
 Certain commitments and obligations are included in the table based on the year of required payment or an estimate of the year of payment. Other long-term liabilities have been omitted from the table above due to the uncertainty of the timing of payments, combined with the lack of historical trends to predict future payments. 
 
 The purchase obligations reflected in the table above are primarily commitments to purchase spectrum licenses, wireless devices, network services, equipment, software, marketing sponsorship agreements and other items in the ordinary course of business. These amounts do not represent our entire anticipated purchases in the future, but represent only those items for which we are contractually committed. Where we are committed to make a minimum payment to the supplier regardless of whether we take delivery, we have included only that minimum payment as a purchase obligation. The acquisition of spectrum licenses is subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Related Party Transactions 
 
 We have related party transactions associated with DT or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business, including intercompany servicing and licensing. 
 
 As of February 10, 2023, DT and SoftBank held, directly or indirectly, approximately 49.6 and 3.3 , respectively, of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock, with the remaining approximately 47.1 of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock held by other stockholders. As a result of the Proxy, Lock-Up and ROFR Agreement, dated April 1, 2020, by and between DT and SoftBank and the Proxy, Lock-Up and ROFR Agreement, dated June 22, 2020, by and among DT, Claure Mobile LLC, and Marcelo Claure, DT has voting control, as of February 10, 2023, over approximately 53.3 of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock. 
 
 Disclosure of Iranian Activities under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and the Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 added Section 13(r) to the Exchange Act. Section 13(r) requires an issuer to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with designated natural persons or entities involved in terrorism or the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Disclosure is required even where the activities, transactions or dealings are conducted outside the U.S. by non-U.S. affiliates in compliance with applicable law, and whether or not the activities are sanctionable under U.S. law. 
 
 As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any activity, transaction or dealing by us or any of our affiliates for the year ended December 31, 2022, that requires disclosure in this report under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, except as set forth below with respect to affiliates that we do not control and that are our affiliates solely due to their common control with either DT or SoftBank. We have relied upon DT and SoftBank for information regarding their respective activities, transactions and dealings. 
 
 DT, through certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, is party to roaming and interconnect agreements with the following mobile and fixed line telecommunication providers in Iran, some of which are or may be government-controlled entities: Telecommunication Kish Company, Mobile Telecommunication Company of Iran, and Telecommunication Infrastructure Company of Iran. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, DT, through certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, provided basic telecommunications services to four customers in Germany identified on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control: Bank Melli, Europ isch-Iranische Handelsbank, CPG Engineering Commercial Services GmbH and Golgohar Trade and Technology GmbH. These services have been terminated or are in the process of being terminated. For the year ended December 31, 2022, gross revenues of all DT affiliates generated by roaming and interconnection traffic and telecommunications services with the Iranian parties identified herein were less than 0.1 million, and the estimated net profits were less than 0.1 million. 
 
 In addition, DT, through certain of its non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate a fixed-line network in their respective European home countries (in particular Germany), provides telecommunications services in the ordinary course of business to the Embassy of Iran in those European countries. Gross revenues and net profits recorded from these activities for the year ended, were less than 0.1 million. We understand that DT intends to continue these activities. 
 
 Separately, SoftBank, through one of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, provides roaming services in Iran through Irancell Telecommunications Services Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, SoftBank had no gross revenues from such services and no net profit was generated. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary intends to continue such services. This subsidiary also provides telecommunications services in the ordinary course of business to accounts affiliated with the Embassy of Iran in Japan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, SoftBank estimates that gross revenues and net profit generated by such services were both under 0.1 million. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary is obligated under contract and intends to continue such services. 
 
 In addition, SoftBank, through one of its non-U.S. indirect subsidiaries, provides office supplies to the Embassy of Iran in Japan. SoftBank estimates that gross revenue and net profit generated by such services during the year ended December 31, 2022, were both under 0.1 million. We understand that the SoftBank subsidiary intends to continue such activities. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are fundamental to understanding our results of operations and financial condition as they require that we use estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Two of these policies, discussed below, relate to critical estimates because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Management and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors have reviewed and approved the accounting policies associated with these critical estimates. 
 
 Depreciation 
 
 Our property and equipment balance represents a significant component of our consolidated assets. We record property and equipment at cost, and we generally depreciate property and equipment on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets. If all other factors were to remain unchanged, we expect that a one-year increase in the useful lives of our in-service property and equipment, exclusive of leased devices, would have resulted in a decrease of approximately 3.1 billion in our 2022 depreciation expense and that a one-year decrease in the useful life would have resulted in an increase of approximately 4.0 billion in our 2022 depreciation expense. 
 
 See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5 Property and Equipment of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding depreciation of assets, including management s underlying estimates of useful lives. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when these differences are realized. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate realization of a deferred tax asset depends on the ability to generate sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character and in the appropriate taxing jurisdictions within the carryforward periods available. 
 
 We account for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements in accordance with the accounting guidance for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We assess whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position and adjust the unrecognized tax benefits in light of changes in facts and circumstances, such as changes in tax law, interactions with taxing authorities and developments in case law. 
 
 The income tax laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate are complex and subject to different interpretations by management and the relevant government taxing authorities. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. We must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. Our interpretations may be subjected to review during examination by taxing authorities and disputes may arise over the respective tax positions. We attempt to resolve these disputes during the tax examination and audit process and ultimately through the court system when applicable. 
 
 We monitor relevant tax authorities and revise our estimate of accrued income taxes due to changes in income tax laws and their interpretation by the courts and regulatory authorities on a quarterly basis. Revisions of our estimate of accrued income taxes also may result from our own income tax planning and from the resolution of income tax controversies. Such revisions in our estimates may be material to our Income tax expense for any given quarter. 

Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 
 For information regarding recently issued accounting standards, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to economic risks in the normal course of business, primarily from changes in interest rates, including changes in investment yields and changes in spreads due to credit risk and other factors. These risks, along with other business risks, impact our cost of capital. Our policy is to manage exposure related to fluctuations in interest rates in order to manage capital costs, control financial risks and maintain financial flexibility over the long term. We have established interest rate risk limits that are closely monitored by measuring interest rate sensitivities of our debt portfolio. We do not foresee significant changes in the strategies used to manage market risk in the near future. 
 
 Certain potential sources of financing available to us, including our Revolving Credit Facility, bear interest that is indexed to a benchmark rate plus a fixed margin. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have outstanding balances under these facilities. See Note 8 Debt of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 50 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of T-Mobile US, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting included in Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 51 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenues Refer to Notes 1 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company generates revenues from providing wireless communications services and selling devices and accessories to customers. The processing and recording of wireless communications services revenues related to monthly wireless services billings is highly automated and is based on contractual terms with customers. Equipment revenues related to device and accessory sales are typically recognized at a point in time when control of the device or accessory is transferred to the customer or dealer. The Company s wireless service and equipment revenues consist of a significant volume of low-dollar transactions accumulated from multiple systems and databases. 
 
 Given the large volume of low-dollar wireless communications services and equipment revenue transactions which are initiated, accumulated, and recorded in multiple systems and databases, auditing revenues was complex and challenging due to the extent of audit effort required and the need for professionals with expertise in information technology (IT) to identify, evaluate, and test the Company s systems, databases, automated controls, and system interface controls. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s revenue transactions included the following, among others: 
 
 With the assistance of our IT specialists, we: 
 Identified the relevant systems and databases used to process revenue transactions and tested the relevant IT controls over each of those systems and databases. 
 Performed testing of automated business controls and system interface controls within wireless communications services and equipment revenues. 
 We tested internal controls in the revenue accounting processes, including those in place to (a) establish revenue recognition accounting policies for promotional offers, (b) record revenue and the related promotional offers in accordance with the established accounting policies and (c) reconcile the various systems to the Company s general ledger. 
 We created data visualizations to evaluate recorded revenue and trends in the related subscriber data. 
 For a selection of equipment revenue transactions, we compared the amounts recognized to contractual agreements or other source documents and tested the mathematical accuracy of the recorded revenue. 
 We developed an expectation of postpaid and prepaid service revenue amounts using historical service revenue and subscriber information and compared it to the recorded amount. 
 We tested the accuracy and completeness of the subscriber information used in our audit procedures by selecting a sample of the subscriber information and for those selections agreeing the selected subscriber information to supporting documentation. 

/s/ 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 
 52 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of T-Mobile US, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 February 11, 2022 
 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2001 to 2022. 
 53 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 (in millions, except share and per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Equipment installment plan receivables, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount of and 
 Inventory Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Financing lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Spectrum licenses Other intangible assets, net Equipment installment plan receivables due after one year, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount of and 
 Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Short-term debt Short-term debt to affiliates Deferred revenue Short-term operating lease liabilities Short-term financing lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term debt to affiliates Tower obligations Deferred tax liabilities Operating lease liabilities Financing lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) 
 Stockholders' equity Common Stock, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued, and shares outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, and shares issued 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Postpaid revenues Prepaid revenues Wholesale and other service revenues Total service revenues Equipment revenues Other revenues Total revenues Operating expenses Cost of services, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below Cost of equipment sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below Selling, general and administrative Impairment expense Loss on disposal group held for sale Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Operating income Other expense, net Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Reclassification of loss (unrealized loss) from cash flow hedges, net of tax effect of , and ) 
 ) Unrealized (loss) gain on foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax effect of ), and 
 ) ) Net unrecognized gain on pension and other postretirement benefits, net of tax effect of , and 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income Earnings per share Basic earnings per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic Diluted earnings per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income tax expense Bad debt expense Losses from sales of receivables Losses on redemption of debt Impairment expense Loss on remeasurement of disposal group held for sale Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) ) Equipment installment plan receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Other current and long-term assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Short- and long-term operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other current and long-term liabilities ) ) Other, net Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of property and equipment, including capitalized interest of ), ) and ) 
 ) ) ) Purchases of spectrum licenses and other intangible assets, including deposits ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of tower sites Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions Net cash related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange arrangements Acquisition of companies, net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from the divestiture of prepaid business Other, net ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Payments of consent fees related to long-term debt ) Repayments of financing lease obligations ) ) ) Repayments of short-term debt for purchases of inventory, property and equipment and other financial liabilities ) ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Repurchases of common stock ) ) Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt Repayments of short-term debt ) Tax withholdings on share-based awards ) ) ) Cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Change in cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash held for sale ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash held for sale Beginning of period End of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 
 
 (in millions, except shares) Common Stock Outstanding Treasury Shares Outstanding Treasury Shares at Cost Par Value and Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan Issuance of vested restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement of stock awards and stock options ) ) ) Shares issued in secondary offering (1) 
 ) Shares repurchased from SoftBank (2) 
 ) ) ) Merger consideration Prior year Retained Earnings (3) 
 ) ) Other, net ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan Issuance of vested restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement of stock awards and stock options ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan Issuance of vested restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement of stock awards and stock options ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 (1) million shares purchased by Marcelo Claure. 
 (2) million from SoftBank (as defined below). This amount, net of tax, was treated as a reduction of the purchase price of the shares acquired from SoftBank and was recorded as Additional Paid-in Capital. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 57 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 59 
 Note 2 
 Business Combinations 
 71 
 Note 3 
 Receivables and Related Allowance for Credit Losses 
 77 
 Note 4 
 Sales of Certain Receivables 
 79 
 Note 5 
 Property and Equipment 
 82 
 Note 6 
 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transaction s and Other Intangibles Assets 
 83 
 Note 7 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 86 
 Note 8 
 Debt 
 89 
 Note 9 
 Tower Obligations 
 93 
 Note 10 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 95 
 Note 11 
 Employee Compensation and Benefit Plans 
 96 
 Note 12 
 Discontinued Operations 
 100 
 Note 13 
 Income Taxes 
 101 
 Note 14 
 SoftBank Equity Transaction 
 103 
 Note 1 5 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 104 
 Note 1 6 
 Wireline 
 104 
 Note 1 7 
 Earnings Per Share 
 107 
 Note 1 8 
 Leases 
 107 
 Note 1 9 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 109 
 Note 20 
 Restructuring Costs 
 112 
 Note 21 
 Additional Financial Information 
 113 
 Note 22 
 Subsequent Events 
 114 

58 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

On September 6, 2022, Sprint Communications LLC, a Kansas limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Sprint Communications ), Sprint LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Cogent Infrastructure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Buyer and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc., entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Wireline Sale Agreement ), pursuant to which the Buyer will acquire the U.S. long-haul fiber network and operations (including the non-U.S. extensions thereof) of Sprint Communications and its subsidiaries (the Wireline Business ). Such transactions contemplated by the Wireline Sale Agreement are collectively referred to as the Wireline Transaction. 
 
 The assets and liabilities of the Wireline Business disposal group are classified as held for sale and presented within Other current assets and Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. The fair value of the Wireline Business disposal group, less costs to sell, will be reassessed during each reporting period it remains classified as held for sale, and any remeasurement to the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell will be reported as an adjustment included within Loss on disposal group held for sale on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Unless otherwise specified, the amounts and information presented in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements include assets and liabilities that have been reclassified as held for sale as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 See Note 2 Business Combinations for further discussion of the Merger between T-Mobile and Sprint and the acquisition of the wireless telecommunications assets (the Wireless Assets of Shenandoah Personal Communications Company LLC Shentel used to provide Sprint PCS s wireless mobility 
 59 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

months using an EIP. EIP receivables are presented on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their amortized cost basis (i.e., the receivables UPB as adjusted for any written-off amounts due to impairment and unamortized discounts), net of the allowance for credit losses. At the time of an installment sale, we impute a discount for interest if the term exceeds 12 months as there is no stated rate of interest on the receivables. The receivables are recorded at their present value, which is determined by discounting expected future cash payments at the imputed interest rate. This adjustment results in a discount or reduction in the transaction price of the contract with a customer, which is allocated to the performance obligations of the arrangement such as Service and Equipment revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The imputed discount rate reflects a current market interest rate and is predominately comprised of the estimated credit risk underlying the EIP receivable, reflecting the estimated credit worthiness of the customer. The imputed discount on receivables is amortized over the financed installment term using the effective interest method and recognized as Other revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 The current portion of the EIP receivables is included in Equipment installment plan receivables, net and the long-term portion of the EIP receivables is included in Equipment installment plan receivables due after one year, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We have an arrangement to sell certain EIP receivables on a revolving basis, which are treated as sales of financial assets. See Note 4 Sales of Certain Receivables for further information. Additionally, certain of our EIP receivables included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets secure our asset-backed notes ABS Notes ). See Note 8 Debt for further information. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses by applying an expected credit loss model. Each period, management assesses the appropriateness of the level of allowance for credit losses by considering credit risk inherent within each portfolio segment as of period end. Each portfolio segment is comprised of pools of receivables that are evaluated collectively based on similar risk characteristics. Our allowance levels consider estimated credit risk over the contractual life of the receivables and are influenced by receivable volumes, receivable delinquency status, historical loss experience and other conditions that affect loss expectations, such as changes in credit and collections policies and forecasts of macroeconomic conditions. While we attribute portions of the allowance to our respective accounts receivable and EIP portfolio segments, the entire allowance is available to credit losses related to the total receivable portfolio. 
 
 We consider a receivable past due and delinquent when a customer has not paid us by the contractually specified payment due date. Account balances are written off against the allowance for credit losses if collection efforts are unsuccessful and the receivable balance is deemed uncollectible (customer default), based on factors such as customer credit ratings as well as the length of time the amounts are past due. 
 
 If there is a deterioration of our customers financial condition or if future actual default rates on receivables in general 
 differ from those currently anticipated, we will adjust our allowance for credit losses accordingly. 
 60 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

See Note 4 Sales of Certain Receivables for further information. 

61 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

months and upgrade the device with a new device when eligibility requirements are met. We depreciate leased devices to their estimated residual value, on a group basis, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the device. The estimated useful life reflects the period for which we estimate the group of leased devices will provide utility to us, which may be longer than the initial lease term based on customer options in the Sprint Flex Lease program to renew the lease on a month-to-month basis after the initial lease term concludes. In determining the estimated useful life, we consider the lease term (e.g., months and month-to-month renewal options for the Sprint Flex Lease Program), trade-in activity and write-offs for lost and stolen devices. Lost and stolen devices are incorporated into the estimates of depreciation expense and recognized as an adjustment to accumulated depreciation when the loss event occurs. Our policy of using the group method of depreciation has been applied to acquired leased devices as well as leases originated subsequent to the Merger. Acquired leased devices are grouped based on the age of the device. Revenues associated with the leased devices, net of lease incentives, are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 For arrangements in which we are the lessor of devices, we separate lease and non-lease components. 
 
 Upon device upgrade or at lease end, customers in the JUMP! On Demand lease program must return or purchase their device, and customers in the Sprint Flex Lease Program have the option to return or purchase their device or to renew their lease on a month-to-month basis. The purchase price of the device is established at lease commencement and is based on the type of device leased and any down payment made. The Leasing Programs do not contain any residual value guarantees or variable lease payments, and there are no restrictions or covenants imposed by these leases. Returned devices, including those received upon device upgrade, are transferred from Property and equipment, net to Inventory on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with any write-down recognized as Cost of equipment sales on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 years with automatic renewal provisions, bringing the total term of the Agreements up to years. A majority of the Agreements include a right of first refusal to acquire, lease or otherwise use the license at the end of the automatic renewal periods. 
 
 62 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 
 reporting unit: wireless. 
 
 years; however, the FCC has granted license renewals routinely and at a nominal cost. The spectrum licenses acquired expire at various dates and we believe we will be able to meet all requirements necessary to secure renewal of our spectrum licenses at a nominal cost. Moreover, we determined that there are currently no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that limit the useful lives of our spectrum licenses. The utility of radio frequency spectrum does not diminish while activated on our network nor does it otherwise deteriorate over time. Therefore, we determined the spectrum licenses should be treated as indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 
 At times, we enter into agreements to sell or exchange spectrum licenses. Upon entering into the arrangement, if the transaction has been deemed to have commercial substance, spectrum licenses are reviewed for impairment. The licenses are transferred at their carrying value, as adjusted for any impairment recognized, to assets held for sale, which is included in Other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets until approval and completion of the exchange or sale. Upon closing of the transaction, spectrum licenses acquired as part of an exchange of nonmonetary assets are recorded at fair value and the difference between the fair value of the spectrum licenses obtained, carrying value of the spectrum licenses transferred and cash paid, if any, is recognized as a gain or loss on disposal of spectrum licenses included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Our fair value estimates of spectrum licenses are based on information for which there is little or no observable market data. If the transaction lacks commercial substance or the fair value is not measurable, the acquired spectrum licenses are recorded at our carrying value of the spectrum assets transferred or exchanged. 
 
 The spectrum licenses we hold plus the spectrum leases enhance the overall value of our spectrum licenses as the collective value is higher than the value of individual bands of spectrum within a specific geography. This value is derived from the ability to provide wireless service to customers across large geographic areas and maintain the same or similar wireless connectivity quality. This enhanced value from combining owned and leased spectrum licenses is referred to as an aggregation premium. 

reporting 
 63 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

For more information regarding our impairment assessments, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 6 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

64 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

See Note 7 Fair Value Measurements for a comparison of the carrying values and fair values of our short-term and long-term debt. 

We did not have any significant derivative instruments outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 . However, promotional EIP bill credits offered to a customer on an equipment sale that are paid over time and are contingent on the customer maintaining a service contract may result in an extended service contract based on whether a substantive penalty is deemed to exist. 
 
 Revenue is recorded net of costs paid to another party for performance obligations where we arrange for the other party to transfer goods or services to the customer (i.e., when we are acting as an agent). For example, performance obligations relating to services provided by third-party content providers where we neither control a right to the content provider s service nor control the underlying service itself are presented net because we are acting as an agent. 
 
 Consideration payable to a customer is treated as a reduction of the total transaction price, unless the payment is in exchange for a distinct good or service, such as certain commissions paid to dealers, in which case the payment is treated as a purchase of that distinct good or service. 
 
 Federal Universal Service Fund USF and state USF are assessed by various governmental authorities in connection with the services we provide to our customers and are included in Cost of services. When we separately bill and collect these regulatory fees from customers, they are recorded gross in Total service revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded approximately million, million and million, respectively, of USF fees on a gross basis. 
 
 65 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 months and upgrade the device with a new device when eligibility requirements are met. To date, substantially all of our leased wireless devices are accounted for as operating leases and estimated contract consideration is allocated between lease and non-lease elements (such as service and equipment performance obligations) based on the relative standalone selling price of each performance obligation in the contract. Lease revenues are recorded as equipment revenues and recognized as earned on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lease revenues on contracts not probable of collection are limited to the amount of payments received. See Property and Equipment above for further information. 
 
 Imputed Interest on EIP Receivables 
 
 For EIP greater than 12 months, we record the effects of financing on all EIP receivables regardless of whether or not the financing is considered to be significant. The imputation of interest results in a discount of the EIP receivable, thereby adjusting the transaction price of the contract with the customer, which is then allocated to the performance obligations of the arrangement. 
 
 For transactions where we recognize a significant financing component, judgment is required to determine the discount rate. For EIP sales, the discount rate used to adjust the transaction price primarily reflects current market interest rates and the estimated credit risk of the customer. Customer credit behavior is inherently uncertain. See Receivables and Allowance for Credit Losses above, for additional discussion on how we assess credit risk. 
 
 For receivables associated with an end service customer in which the sale of the device was not directly to the end customer (sell-in model or devices sourced directly from OEM), the effect of imputing interest is recognized as a reduction to service revenue over the service contract period. In these transactions, the provision of wireless communications services is the only performance obligation as the device sale was recognized when transferred to the dealer. 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 Generally, our devices and service plans are available at standard prices, which are maintained on price lists and published on our website and/or within our retail stores. 
 
 66 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 months. For capitalized contract costs, determining the amortization period over which such costs are recognized as well as assessing the indicators of impairment may require judgment. Prepaid commissions are expensed as incurred as their estimated period of benefit does not extend beyond 12 months. Commissions paid upon device upgrade are not capitalized if the remaining customer contract is less than one year. Commissions paid when the customer has a lease are treated as initial direct costs and recognized over the lease term. 
 
 See Note 10 Revenue from Contracts with Customers for further information. 

67 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

See Note 9 Tower Obligations for further information. 

See Note 11 Employee Compensation and Benefit Plans for further information on the Pension Plan. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, advertising expenses included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income were billion, billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 68 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

billion of our common stock through September 30, 2023 (the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program ). The cost of repurchased shares, including equity reacquisition costs, is included in Treasury stock on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We accrue the cost of repurchased shares, and exclude such shares from the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share, as of the trade date. We recognize a liability for share repurchases which have not settled and for which cash has not been paid in Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash payments to reacquire our shares, including equity reacquisition costs, are included in Repurchases of common stock on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. See Note 15 - Repurchases of Common Stock for more information about our 2022 Stock Repurchase Program. 

See Note 1 7 Earnings Per Share for further information. 
 
 69 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

70 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 shares of T-Mobile common stock (such number of shares, the SoftBank Specified Shares Amount ), effective immediately following the Effective Time (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), making SoftBank s exchange ratio shares of Sprint common stock for each share of T-Mobile common stock. This resulted in an effective exchange ratio of approximately shares of Sprint common stock for each share of T-Mobile common stock immediately following the closing of the Merger, an increase from the originally agreed shares. Sprint stockholders, other than SoftBank, received the original fixed exchange ratio of shares of T-Mobile common stock for each share of Sprint common stock, or the equivalent of approximately shares of Sprint common stock for each share of T-Mobile common stock. 
 
 The Letter Agreement requires T-Mobile to issue to SoftBank shares of T-Mobile common stock, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Letter Agreement, for no additional consideration, if certain conditions are met. The issuance of these shares is contingent on the trailing 45-day volume-weighted average price per share of T-Mobile common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market being equal to or greater than , at any time during the period commencing on April 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2025. If the threshold price is not met, then of the SoftBank Specified Shares Amount will be issued. 
 
 Closing of Sprint Merger 
 
 On April 1, 2020, we completed the Merger, and as a result, Sprint and its subsidiaries became wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries of T-Mobile. Sprint was the fourth-largest telecommunications company in the U.S., offering a comprehensive range of wireless and wireline communication products and services. As a combined company, we have been able to rapidly launch a broad and deep nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. 
 
 Upon completion of the Merger, each share of Sprint common stock was exchanged for shares of T-Mobile common stock, or shares of Sprint common stock for each share of T-Mobile common stock. After adjustments, including the holdback of the SoftBank Specified Shares Amount and fractional shares, we issued shares of T-Mobile common stock to Sprint stockholders. The fair value of the T-Mobile common stock provided in exchange for Sprint common stock was approximately billion. 
 
 Additional components of consideration included the repayment of certain of Sprint s debt, replacement of equity awards attributable to pre-combination services, contingent consideration and a cash payment received from SoftBank for certain reimbursed Merger expenses. 
 
 Immediately following the closing of the Merger and the surrender of the SoftBank Specified Shares Amount, pursuant to the Letter Agreement described above, DT and SoftBank held, directly or indirectly, approximately and , respectively, of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock, with the remaining approximately of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock held by other stockholders. See Note 14 SoftBank Equity Transaction for ownership details as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 71 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion, comprised of the following: (in millions) April 1, 2020 Fair value of T-Mobile common stock issued to Sprint stockholders (1) 
 Fair value of T-Mobile replacement equity awards attributable to pre-combination service (2) 
 Repayment of Sprint s debt (including accrued interest and prepayment penalties) (3) 
 Fair value of contingent consideration (4) 
 Payment received from selling stockholder (5) 
 ) Total consideration exchanged 
 (1) Represents the fair value of T-Mobile common stock issued to Sprint stockholders pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, less shares surrendered by SoftBank pursuant to the Letter Agreement. The fair value is based on shares of T-Mobile common stock issued at an exchange ratio of shares of T-Mobile common stock per share of Sprint common stock, less T-Mobile shares surrendered by SoftBank which are treated as contingent consideration, and the closing price per share of T-Mobile common stock on NASDAQ on March 31, 2020, of , as shares were transferred to Sprint stockholders prior to the opening of markets on April 1, 2020. 
 (2) Equity-based awards held by Sprint employees prior to the acquisition date have been replaced with T-Mobile equity-based awards. The portion of the equity-based awards that relates to services performed by the employee prior to the acquisition date is included within consideration transferred, and includes stock options, restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units. 
 (3) Represents the cash consideration paid concurrent with the close of the Merger to retire certain Sprint debt, as required by change in control provisions of the debt, plus interest and prepayment penalties. 
 (4) Represents the fair value of the SoftBank Specified Shares Amount contingent consideration that may be issued as set forth in the Letter Agreement. 
 (5) Represents receipt of a cash payment from SoftBank for certain reimbursed Merger expenses. 
 
 The SoftBank Specified Shares Amount was determined to be contingent consideration with an acquisition-date fair value of billion. We estimated the fair value using the income approach, a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model, whereby a Monte Carlo simulation method estimated the probability of different outcomes as the likelihood of achieving the 45-day volume-weighted average price threshold is not easily predicted. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and, therefore, represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820: Fair Value Measurement. The key assumptions in applying the income approach include the estimated future share-price volatility, which was based on historical market trends and the estimated future performance of T-Mobile. 
 
 The maximum amount of contingent consideration that could be issued to SoftBank has an estimated value of billion, based on SoftBank Specified Shares Amount of multiplied by the defined volume-weighted average price per share of . The contingent consideration that could be delivered to SoftBank is classified within equity and is not subject to remeasurement. 
 
 Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 
 
 We accounted for the Merger as a business combination. The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed of Sprint were recorded at their fair values as of the acquisition date and consolidated with those of T-Mobile. Assigning fair market values to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of an acquisition requires the use of significant judgment regarding estimates and assumptions. For the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we used the cost, income and market approaches, including market participant assumptions. 
 72 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Accounts receivable Equipment installment plan receivables Inventory Prepaid expenses Assets held for sale Other current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Financing lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Spectrum licenses Other intangible assets Equipment installment plan receivables due after one year, net Other assets (1) 
 Total assets acquired Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Short-term debt Deferred revenue Short-term operating lease liabilities Short-term financing lease liabilities Liabilities held for sale Other current liabilities Long-term debt Tower obligations Deferred tax liabilities Operating lease liabilities Financing lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total consideration transferred 
 (1) Included in Other assets acquired is million in restricted cash. 
 
 Amounts initially disclosed for the estimated values of certain acquired assets and liabilities assumed were adjusted through March 31, 2021 (the close of the measurement period) based on information arising after the initial valuation. 
 
 Intangible Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Goodwill with an assigned value of billion represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The goodwill recognized includes synergies expected to be achieved from the operations of the combined company, the assembled workforce of Sprint and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. Expected synergies from the Merger include the cost savings from the planned integration of network infrastructure, facilities, personnel and systems. of the goodwill resulting from the Merger is deductible for tax purposes. All of the goodwill acquired is allocated to the wireless reporting unit. 
 
 Other intangible assets include billion of customer relationships with a weighted-average useful life of and tradenames of million with a useful life of . Leased spectrum arrangements that have favorable (asset) and unfavorable (liability) terms compared to current market rates were assigned fair values of million and million, respectively, with -year and -year weighted-average useful lives, respectively. 
 
 73 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion was estimated using the income approach, specifically a Greenfield model. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and, therefore, represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820: Fair Value Measurement. The key assumptions in applying the income approach include the discount rate, estimated market share, estimated capital and operating expenditures, forecasted service revenue and a long-term growth rate for a hypothetical market participant that enters the wireless industry and builds a nationwide wireless network. 
 
 Acquired Receivables 
 
 The fair value of the assets acquired includes Accounts receivable of billion and EIP receivables of billion. The UPB under these contracts as of April 1, 2020, the date of the Merger, was billion and billion, respectively. The difference between the fair value and the UPB primarily represents amounts expected to be uncollectible. 
 
 Indemnification Assets and Contingent Liabilities 
 
 Pursuant to Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, SoftBank agreed to indemnify us against certain specified matters and losses. As of the acquisition date, we recorded a contingent liability and an offsetting indemnification asset for the expected reimbursement by SoftBank for certain Lifeline matters. The liability is presented in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and the indemnification asset is presented in Other current assets within our acquired assets and liabilities at the acquisition date. In November 2020, we entered into a consent decree with the FCC to resolve certain Lifeline matters, which resulted in a payment of million by SoftBank. Final resolution of these matters could require making additional reimbursements and paying additional fines and penalties, which we do not expect to have a significant impact on our financial results. We expect that any additional liabilities related to these matters would be indemnified and reimbursed by SoftBank. 
 
 Deferred Taxes 
 
 As a result of the Merger, we acquired deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance reserve is deemed to be necessary, as well as additional uncertain tax benefit reserves. As of the date of the Merger, the amount of the valuation allowance reserve and uncertain tax benefit reserves was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Pro Forma Information 
 
 Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income 
 
 Significant nonrecurring pro forma adjustments include: 
 
 Transaction costs of million that were incurred during the year ended December 31, 2020 are assumed to have occurred on the pro forma close date of January 1, 2019, and are recognized as if incurred in the first quarter of 2019; 
 The Prepaid Business divested on July 1, 2020, is assumed to have been classified as discontinued operations as of January 1, 2019, and the related activities are presented in Income from discontinued operations, net of tax; 
 Permanent financing issued and debt redemptions occurring in connection with the closing of the Merger are assumed to have occurred on January 1, 2019, and historical interest expense associated with repaid borrowings is removed; 
 74 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion and billion, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020, that were included on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Regulatory Matters 
 
 The Transactions were the subject of various legal and regulatory proceedings involving a number of state and federal agencies. In connection with those proceedings and the approval of the Transactions, we have certain commitments and other obligations to various state and federal agencies and certain nongovernmental organizations. See Note 1 9 Commitments and Contingencies for further information. 
 
 Prepaid Transaction 
 
 On July 26, 2019, we entered into the Asset Purchase Agreement with Sprint and DISH, pursuant to which, following the consummation of the Merger, DISH would acquire the Prepaid Business. 
 
 On June 17, 2020, T-Mobile, Sprint and DISH entered into the First Amendment to the Asset Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the First Amendment of the Asset Purchase Agreement, T-Mobile, Sprint and DISH agreed to proceed with the closing of the Prepaid Transaction, in accordance with the Asset Purchase Agreement, on July 1, 2020, subject to the terms and conditions of the Asset Purchase Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Consent Decree. 
 
 On July 1, 2020, pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, we completed the Prepaid Transaction. Upon closing of the Prepaid Transaction, we received billion from DISH for the Prepaid Business, subject to working capital adjustments. See Note 12 Discontinued Operations for further information. 
 
 Shenandoah Personal Communications Company Affiliate Relationship 
 
 Sprint PCS (specifically Sprint Spectrum L.P.) was party to a variety of publicly filed agreements with Shentel, pursuant to which Shentel was the exclusive provider of Sprint PCS s wireless mobility communications network products in certain parts of Maryland, North Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia, Kentucky, Ohio and Pennsylvania. Pursuant to one such agreement, the Sprint PCS Management Agreement, dated November 5, 1999 (as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time, the Management Agreement ), Sprint PCS was granted an option to purchase Shentel s Wireless Assets used to provide services pursuant to the Management Agreement. On August 26, 2020, Sprint, now our indirect subsidiary, on behalf of and as the direct or indirect owner of Sprint PCS, exercised its option by delivering a binding notice of exercise to Shentel. 
 
 On May 28, 2021, T-Mobile USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation and our direct wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Shentel, for the acquisition of the Wireless Assets for an aggregate purchase price of approximately billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments prescribed by the Management Agreement and such additional adjustments agreed by the parties. 
 
 Closing of Shentel Wireless Assets Acquisition 
 
 On July 1, 2021, upon the completion of certain customary conditions, including the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, we closed on the acquisition of the Wireless Assets pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and as a result, T-Mobile became the legal owner of the Wireless Assets. Through this transaction, we reacquired the exclusive rights to deliver Sprint s wireless network services in Shentel s former affiliate territory and simplified our operations. Concurrently, and as agreed to through the Purchase Agreement, T-Mobile and Shentel entered into certain separate transactions, including the effective settlement of the pre-existing arrangements between T-Mobile and Shentel under the Management Agreement. 
 75 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion, approximately billion of which was determined to be consideration transferred for the Wireless Assets and the remainder of which was determined to relate to separate transactions, primarily associated with the effective settlement of pre-existing arrangements between T-Mobile and Shentel. Accordingly, these separate transactions are not included in the calculation of the consideration transferred in exchange for the Wireless Assets, and the settlement of pre-existing arrangements between T-Mobile and Shentel did not result in material gains or losses. 
 
 Prior to the acquisition of the Wireless Assets, revenues generated from our affiliate relationship with Shentel were presented as Wholesale and other service revenues. Upon the close of the transaction, revenues generated from postpaid customers within the reacquired territory are presented as Postpaid revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The financial results of the Wireless Assets since the closing through December 31, 2021, were not material to our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, nor were they material to our prior period consolidated results on a pro forma basis. 
 
 Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 
 
 We accounted for the acquisition of the Wireless Assets as a business combination. The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their fair values as of the acquisition date and consolidated with those of T-Mobile. Assigning fair market values to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of an acquisition requires the use of significant judgment regarding estimates and assumptions. For the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we used the cost, income and market approaches, including market participant assumptions. 
 
 Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets Other assets Total assets acquired Short-term operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total consideration transferred 
 
 Intangible Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Goodwill with an assigned value of billion, substantially all of which is deductible for tax purposes, represents the anticipated cost savings from the operations of the combined company resulting from the planned integration of network infrastructure and facilities, the assembled workforce hired concurrently with the acquisition of Wireless Assets, and the intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. All of the goodwill acquired is allocated to the wireless reporting unit. 
 
 Other intangible assets include million of reacquired rights to provide services in Shentel s former affiliate territory which is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a useful life of approximately in line with the remaining term of the Management Agreement upon the acquisition of the Wireless Assets, which represents the period of expected economic benefits associated with the reacquisition of such rights. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market, and therefore, represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. The key assumptions in applying the income approach include forecasted subscriber growth rates, revenue over an estimated period of time, the discount rate, estimated capital expenditures, estimated income taxes and the long-term growth rate, as well as forecasted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA margins. 
 
 76 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 portfolio segments: accounts receivable and EIP receivables. 
 
 Accounts Receivable Portfolio Segment 
 
 Accounts receivable balances are predominately comprised of amounts currently due from customers (e.g., for wireless communications services and monthly device lease payments), device insurance administrators, wholesale partners, non-consolidated affiliates, other carriers and third-party retail channels. 
 
 We estimate credit losses associated with our accounts receivable portfolio segment using an expected credit loss model, which utilizes an aging schedule methodology based on historical information and adjusted for asset-specific considerations, current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 
 Our approach considers a number of factors, including our overall historical credit losses, net of recoveries, and payment experience, as well as current collection trends such as write-off frequency and severity. We also consider other qualitative factors such as current and forecasted macroeconomic conditions. 
 
 We consider the need to adjust our estimate of credit losses for reasonable and supportable forecasts of future macroeconomic conditions. To do so, we monitor external forecasts of changes in real U.S. gross domestic product and forecasts of consumer credit behavior for comparable credit exposures. We also periodically evaluate other macroeconomic indicators such as unemployment rates to assess their level of correlation with our historical credit loss statistics. 
 
 EIP Receivables Portfolio Segment 
 
 Based upon customer credit profiles at the time of customer origination, we classify the EIP receivables segment into customer classes of Prime and Subprime. Prime customer receivables are those with lower credit risk and Subprime customer receivables are those with higher credit risk. Customers may be required to make a down payment on their equipment purchases if their assessed credit risk exceeds established underwriting thresholds. In addition, certain customers within the Subprime category may be required to pay a deposit. 
 
 To determine a customer s credit profile and assist in determining their credit class, we use a proprietary credit scoring model that measures the credit quality of a customer leveraging several factors, such as credit bureau information and consumer credit risk scores, as well as service and device plan characteristics. 
 
 Installment receivables acquired in the Merger are included in EIP receivables. We applied our proprietary credit scoring model to the customers acquired in the Merger with an outstanding EIP receivable balance. Based on tenure, consumer credit risk score and credit profile, these acquired customers were classified into our customer classes of Prime or Subprime. For EIP receivables acquired in the Merger, the difference between the fair value and UPB of the receivable at the acquisition date is accreted to interest income over the contractual life of the receivable using the effective interest method. EIP receivables had a combined weighted-average effective interest rate of and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 77 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Unamortized imputed discount ) ) EIP receivables, net of unamortized imputed discount Allowance for credit losses ) ) EIP receivables, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount Classified on our consolidated balance sheets as: 
 Equipment installment plan receivables, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount Equipment installment plan receivables due after one year, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount EIP receivables, net of allowance for credit losses and imputed discount 
 
 Many of our loss estimation techniques rely on delinquency-based models; therefore, delinquency is an important indicator of credit quality in the establishment of our allowance for credit losses for EIP receivables. We manage our EIP receivables portfolio segment using delinquency and customer credit class as key credit quality indicators. 
 
 31 - 60 days past due 61 - 90 days past due More than 90 days past due EIP receivables, net of unamortized imputed discount 
 
 We estimate credit losses on our EIP receivables segment by applying an expected credit loss model, which relies on historical loss data adjusted for current conditions to calculate default probabilities or an estimate for the frequency of customer default. Our assessment of default probabilities or frequency includes receivables delinquency status, historical loss experience, how long the receivables have been outstanding and customer credit ratings, as well as customer tenure. We multiply these estimated default probabilities by our estimated loss given default, which is the estimated amount or severity of the default loss after adjusting for estimated recoveries. 
 
 As we do for our accounts receivable portfolio segment, we consider the need to adjust our estimate of credit losses on EIP receivables for reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions through monitoring external forecasts and periodic internal statistical analyses. 
 
 78 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Beginning balance adjustment due to implementation of the new credit loss standard Bad debt expense Write-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Change in imputed discount on short-term and long-term EIP receivables N/A N/A N/A Impact on the imputed discount from sales of EIP receivables N/A ) ) N/A ) ) N/A ) ) Allowance for credit losses and imputed discount, end of period 
 
 Credit loss activity increased during 2022, as activity normalized relative to muted Pandemic levels in 2021 and other macroeconomic trends contributed to adverse scenarios and presented additional uncertainty due to, for example, the potential effects associated with higher inflation, rising interest rates and changes in the Federal Reserve s monetary policy, as well as geopolitical risks, including the war in Ukraine. 
 
 Off-Balance-Sheet Credit Exposures 
 
 We do not have material off-balance-sheet credit exposures as of December 31, 2022. In connection with the sales of certain service and EIP accounts receivable pursuant to the sale arrangements, we have deferred purchase price assets included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets measured at fair value that are based on a discounted cash flow model using Level 3 inputs, including customer default rates and credit worthiness, dilutions and recoveries. See Note 4 Sales of Certain Receivables for further information. 

billion. On November 2, 2022, we extended the scheduled expiration date of the EIP sale arrangement to November 18, 2023. 
 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the EIP sale arrangement provided funding of billion. Sales of EIP receivables occur daily and are settled on a monthly basis. 
 
 In connection with this EIP sale arrangement, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, which qualifies as a bankruptcy remote entity (the EIP BRE ). Pursuant to the EIP sale arrangement, selected receivables are transferred to the EIP BRE. The EIP BRE then sells the receivables to a non-consolidated and unaffiliated third-party entity over which we do not exercise any level 
 79 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Other assets 
 
 In addition, the EIP BRE is a separate legal entity with its own separate creditors who will be entitled, prior to any liquidation of the EIP BRE, to be satisfied prior to any value in the EIP BRE becoming available to us. Accordingly, the assets of the EIP BRE may not be used to settle our general obligations and creditors of the EIP BRE have limited recourse to our general credit. 
 
 Sales of Service Accounts Receivable 
 
 Overview of the Transaction 
 
 In 2014, we entered into an arrangement to sell certain service accounts receivable on a revolving basis (the service receivable sale arrangement ). The maximum funding commitment of the service receivable sale arrangement is million and the facility expires in February 2023. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the service receivable sale arrangement provided funding of million. Sales of receivables occur daily and are settled on a monthly basis. The receivables consist of service charges currently due from customers and are short-term in nature. 
 
 In connection with the service receivable sale arrangement, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, which qualifies as a bankruptcy remote entity, to sell service accounts receivable (the Service BRE ). 
 
 Pursuant to the service receivable sale arrangement, selected receivables are transferred to the Service BRE. The Service BRE then sells the receivables to a non-consolidated and unaffiliated third party entity over which we do not exercise any level of control, nor does the third party qualify as a VIE. 
 
 Variable Interest Entity 
 
 Prior to the March 2021 amendment of the service receivable sale arrangement, the Service BRE did not qualify as a VIE, but due to the significant level of control we exercised over the entity, it was consolidated. 
 
 In March 2021, the amendment to the service receivable sale arrangement triggered a VIE reassessment, and we determined that the Service BRE now qualifies as a VIE. We have a variable interest in the Service BRE and have determined that we are the primary beneficiary based on our ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the Service BRE s economic performance. Those activities include selecting which receivables are transferred into the Service BRE and sold in the service receivable sale arrangement and funding the Service BRE. Additionally, our equity interest in the Service BRE obligates us to absorb losses and gives us the right to receive benefits from the Service BRE that could potentially be significant to the Service BRE. Accordingly, we include the balances and results of operations of the Service BRE on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 80 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Other current liabilities 
 
 In addition, the Service BRE is a separate legal entity with its own separate creditors who will be entitled, prior to any liquidation of the Service BRE, to be satisfied prior to any value in the Service BRE becoming available to us. Accordingly, the assets of the Service BRE may not be used to settle our general obligations, and creditors of the Service BRE have limited recourse to our general credit. 
 
 Sales of Receivables 
 
 The transfers of service receivables and EIP receivables to the non-consolidated entities are accounted for as sales of financial assets. Once identified for sale, the receivable is recorded at the lower of cost or fair value. Upon sale, we derecognize the net carrying amount of the receivables. 
 
 We recognize the cash proceeds received upon sale in Net cash provided by operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We recognize proceeds net of the deferred purchase price, consisting of a receivable from the purchasers that entitles us to certain collections on the receivables. We recognize the collection of the deferred purchase price in Net cash used in investing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as Proceeds related to beneficial interests in securitization transactions. 
 
 The deferred purchase price represents a financial asset that is primarily tied to the creditworthiness of the customers and which can be settled in such a way that we may not recover substantially all of our recorded investment, due to default by the customers on the underlying receivables. At inception, we elected to measure the deferred purchase price at fair value with changes in fair value included in Selling, general and administrative expense on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The fair value of the deferred purchase price is determined based on a discounted cash flow model which uses primarily Level 3 inputs, including customer default rates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our deferred purchase price related to the sales of service receivables and EIP receivables was million and million, respectively. 

Other current assets of which, deferred purchase price Other long-term assets of which, deferred purchase price Other current liabilities Net cash proceeds since inception Of which: Change in net cash proceeds during the year-to-date period ) Net cash proceeds funded by reinvested collections 
 
 We recognized losses from sales of receivables, including changes in fair value of the deferred purchase price, of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in Selling, general and administrative expense on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total principal balance of outstanding transferred service receivables and EIP receivables was billion. 
 
 81 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Buildings and equipment Up to years 
 Wireless communications systems Up to years 
 Leasehold improvements Up to years 
 Capitalized software Up to years 
 Leased wireless devices Up to months 
 Construction in progress N/A Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Total depreciation expense relating to property and equipment and financing lease right-of-use assets was billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts include depreciation expense related to leased wireless devices of billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 and billion for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 We capitalize interest associated with the acquisition or construction of certain property and equipment and spectrum intangible assets. We recognized capitalized interest of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Asset retirement obligations are primarily for certain legal obligations to remediate leased property on which our network infrastructure and administrative assets are located. 
 
 Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) ) Accretion expense Changes in estimated cash flows Transfers to held for sale ) Asset retirement obligations, end of period Classified on the consolidated balance sheets as: 
 Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities 
 
 The corresponding assets, net of accumulated depreciation and excluding amounts transferred to held for sale, related to asset retirement obligations were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 82 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million related to capitalized software development costs for the year ended December 31, 2020. The expense is included in Impairment expense on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Wireline Impairment 
 
 Previously, the operation of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE wireless networks was supported by the legacy Sprint Wireline network. During the second quarter of 2022, we retired the legacy Sprint CDMA network and began the orderly shut-down of the LTE network. We determined that the retirement of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE wireless networks triggered the need to assess the Wireline long-lived assets for impairment, as these assets no longer support our wireless network and the associated customers and cash flows in a significant manner. The results of this assessment indicated that certain Wireline long-lived assets were impaired. See Note 16 - Wireline for further information. 

Purchase price adjustments of goodwill in 2021 Goodwill from acquisitions in 2021 Balance as of December 31, 2021 Goodwill from acquisitions in 2022 Balance as of December 31, 2022 Accumulated impairment losses at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment 
 
 Certain non-financial assets, including goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets such as Spectrum licenses, are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are reported at carrying value. However, these assets are required to be assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that carrying value may not be recoverable, and at least annually for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. The nonrecurring measurements of the fair value of these assets, for which observable market information may be limited, are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. In the event an impairment is required, the asset is adjusted to its estimated fair value using market-based assumptions, to the extent they are available, as well as other assumptions that may require significant judgement. 
 
 For our annual assessment of the wireless reporting unit, we employed a qualitative approach. The fair value of the wireless reporting unit was estimated using a market approach, which is based on market capitalization. In addition to performing an assessment under the market approach we also considered any events or change in circumstances that occurred, noting no indication that the fair value of the wireless reporting unit may be below its carrying amount at December 31, 2022. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized a goodwill impairment of million for the Layer3 reporting unit. The impairment was the result of our enhanced in-home broadband opportunity following the Merger, along with the acquisition of certain content rights, which has created a strategic shift in our TVision TM services offering. The expense is included in Impairment expense on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 83 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Tradenames (1) 
 years 
 Customer relationships years 
 Favorable spectrum leases years 
 Other intangible assets years 
 Total intangible assets acquired 
 (1) Tradenames include the Sprint brand. 
 
 The fair value of spectrum licenses includes the value associated with aggregating a nationwide portfolio of owned and leased spectrum. 
 
 Favorable spectrum leases represent a contract where the market rate is higher than the future contractual lease payments. We lease this spectrum from third parties who hold the spectrum licenses. As these contracts pertain to intangible assets, they are excluded from the lease accounting guidance (ASC 842) and are accounted for as service contracts in which the expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Favorable spectrum leases of million were recorded as an intangible asset as a result of purchase accounting and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the associated remaining lease term. Additionally, we recognized unfavorable spectrum lease liabilities of million, which are also amortized over their respective remaining lease terms and are included in Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The customer relationship intangible assets represent the value associated with the acquired Sprint customers. The customer relationship intangible assets are amortized using the sum-of-the-years digits method over periods of up to . 
 
 Other intangible assets are amortized over the remaining period that the asset is expected to provide a benefit to us. 
 
 Identifiable Intangible Assets Acquired in the Shentel Acquisition 
 
 We reacquired certain rights under the Management Agreement in connection with the acquisition of the Wireless Assets that provided us the ability to fully do business in Shentel s former affiliate territories. We recognized an intangible asset for these reacquired rights at its fair value of million as of July 1, 2021. The reacquired rights intangible asset is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a useful life of approximately in line with the remaining term of the Management Agreement upon the acquisition of the Wireless Assets. 
 
 Spectrum Licenses 
 
 Spectrum license acquisitions Spectrum licenses acquired in Merger Spectrum licenses transferred to held for sale ) ) ) Costs to clear spectrum Spectrum licenses, end of year 
 
 Spectrum Transactions 
 
 In March 2021, the FCC announced that we were the winning bidder of licenses in Auction 107 (C-band spectrum) for an aggregate purchase price of billion, excluding relocation costs. We expect to incur an additional million in fixed relocation costs, which will be paid through 2024. 
 
 84 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 licenses in Auction 110 (mid-band spectrum) for an aggregate purchase price of billion. At inception of Auction 110 in September 2021, we deposited million. We paid the FCC the remaining billion for the licenses won in the auction in February 2022. On May 4, 2022, the FCC issued to us the licenses won in Auction 110. The licenses are included in Spectrum licenses on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In September 2022, the FCC announced that we were the winning bidder of licenses in Auction 108 (2.5 GHz spectrum) for an aggregate price of million. At inception of Auction 108 in June 2022, we deposited million. We paid the FCC the remaining million for the licenses won in the auction in September 2022. The aggregate cash payments made to the FCC are included in Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and will remain there until the corresponding licenses are received. The timing of when the licenses will be issued will be determined by the FCC after all post-auction procedures have been completed. 
 
 Cash payments to acquire spectrum licenses and payments for costs to clear spectrum are included in Purchases of spectrum licenses and other intangible assets, including deposits, on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the activities that are necessary to get the C-band, mid-band and 2.5 GHz spectrum ready for its intended use have not begun; as such, capitalization of the interest associated with the costs of acquiring these spectrum licenses has not begun. 
 
 License Purchase Agreements 
 
 DISH Network Corporation 
 
 On July 1, 2020, we and DISH Network Corporation DISH entered into a license purchase agreement (the DISH License Purchase Agreement pursuant to which DISH has the option to purchase certain 800 MHz spectrum licenses for a total of approximately billion in a transaction to be completed, subject to an application for FCC approval, by July 1, 2023, or within five days of FCC approval, whichever date is later. 
 
 In the event DISH breaches the DISH License Purchase Agreement or fails to deliver the purchase price following the satisfaction or waiver of all closing conditions, DISH is liable to pay us a fee of million. Additionally, if DISH does not exercise the option to purchase the 800 MHz spectrum licenses, we are required, unless otherwise approved under the Consent Decree, to offer the licenses for sale through an auction. If the specified minimum price of billion is not met in the auction, we would be relieved of the obligation to sell the licenses. 
 
 Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC 
 
 On August 8, 2022, we, Channel 51 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC (together with Channel 51 License Co LLC, the Sellers entered into License Purchase Agreements pursuant to which we will acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from the Sellers in exchange for total cash consideration of billion. The licenses will be acquired without any associated networks, but are currently being utilized through exclusive leasing arrangements with the Sellers. 
 
 The parties have agreed that closing will occur within days after the receipt of required regulatory approvals, and payment of the billion purchase price will occur no later than days after the date of such closing. We anticipate the transactions will close in mid- to late-2023. 
 
 Impairment Assessment 
 
 For our assessment of Spectrum license impairment, we employed a qualitative approach. No events or change in circumstances have occurred that indicate the fair value of the Spectrum licenses may be below its carrying amount at December 31, 2022. 
 85 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 years 
 ) ) Reacquired rights Up to years 
 ) ) Tradenames and patents Up to years 
 ) ) Favorable spectrum leases Up to years 
 ) ) Other Up to years 
 ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization was billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Substantially all of the estimated future amortization expense is associated with intangible assets acquired in the Merger and through our acquisitions of affiliates. 

86 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, which are included in Net cash related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange arrangements within Net cash used in investing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Between April 2 and April 6, 2020, in connection with the issuance of an aggregate of billion of Senior Secured Notes, we terminated our interest rate lock derivatives. 
 
 At the time of termination, the interest rate lock derivatives were a liability of billion, of which billion was cash-collateralized. The cash flows associated with the settlement of interest rate lock derivatives are presented on a gross basis on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, with the total cash payments to settle the swaps of billion presented in changes in Other current and long-term liabilities within Net cash provided by operating activities and the return of cash collateral of billion presented as an inflow in Net cash related to derivative contracts under collateral exchange arrangements within Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Aggregate changes in the fair value of the interest rate lock derivatives, net of tax and amortization, of billion and billion are presented in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million and million, respectively, were amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into Interest expense, net, on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. We expect to amortize million of the Accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with the derivatives into Interest expense, net, over the 12 months ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 Deferred Purchase Price Assets 
 
 In connection with the sales of certain service and EIP accounts receivable pursuant to the sale arrangements, we have deferred purchase price assets measured at fair value that are based on a discounted cash flow model using unobservable Level 3 inputs, including customer default rates. See Note 4 Sales of Certain Receivables for further information. 
 
 The carrying amounts of our deferred purchase price assets, which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Fair value was equal to the carrying amount at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Debt 
 
 The fair value of our Senior Notes to third parties was determined based on quoted market prices in active markets, and therefore were classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of our Senior Notes to affiliates was determined based on a discounted cash flow approach using market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and maturities and an estimate for our standalone credit risk. Accordingly, our Senior Notes to affiliates were classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of our ABS Notes was determined based on quoted prices in inactive markets for identical instruments and observable changes in market interest rates, both of which are Level 2 inputs, as well as projected changes in cash collections on the underlying pool of receivables securing the ABS Notes, which is a Level 3 input. Due to the overcollateralization of the ABS Notes, projected changes in cash collections, such as changes resulting from customer default rates, on the pool of receivables securing such notes do not significantly affect the fair value estimate of the ABS Notes and therefore such notes were classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Although we have determined the estimated fair values using available market information and commonly accepted valuation methodologies, considerable judgment was required in interpreting market data to develop fair value estimates for the Senior Notes to affiliates. The fair value estimates were based on information available as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As such, our estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amount we could realize in a current market exchange. 
 
 87 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Senior Notes to affiliates 2 Senior Secured Notes to third parties (2) 
 1 ABS Notes to third parties 2 
 (1) Excludes million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, in other financial liabilities as the carrying values approximate fair value primarily due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. 
 (2) Following the achievement of an investment grade issuer rating from each of the three main credit rating agencies and entry into an amendment to our Credit Agreement, the Senior Secured Notes (which exclude, for the avoidance of doubt, the Spectrum-Backed Notes), are no longer secured and have been reclassified to Senior Notes to third parties as of September 30, 2022, within the table above. See Note 8 Debt for additional information. 
 
 88 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Senior Notes to affiliates due 2022 
 Senior Notes due 2022 
 Senior Notes to affiliates due 2022 
 Senior Notes due 2022 
 Senior Notes due 2023 
 Senior Notes due 2024 
 Senior Notes due 2025 
 Series 2018-1 A-1 Notes due 2025 
 Senior Notes due 2025 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 Senior Notes due 2027 
 Senior Notes due 2027 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes to affiliates due 2028 
 Class A Senior ABS Notes due 2028 
 Series 2018-1 A-2 Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 Senior Notes due 2030 
 Senior Notes due 2031 
 Senior Notes due 2031 
 Senior Notes due 2031 
 Senior Notes due 2031 
 Senior Notes due 2032 
 Senior Notes due 2032 
 Senior Notes due 2033 
 Senior Notes due 2040 
 Senior Notes due 2041 
 Senior Notes due 2050 
 Senior Notes due 2051 
 Senior Notes due 2052 
 Senior Notes due 2053 
 Senior Notes due 2060 
 Senior Notes due 2062 
 Other debt Unamortized premium on debt to third parties Unamortized discount on debt to affiliates ) Unamortized discount on debt to third parties ) ) Debt issuance costs and consent fees ) ) Total debt Less: Current portion of Senior Notes to affiliates Less: Current portion of Senior Notes and other debt to third parties Total long-term debt Classified on the consolidated balance sheets as: 
 Long-term debt Long-term debt to affiliates Total long-term debt 
 
 Our effective interest rate, excluding the impact of derivatives and capitalized interest, was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on weighted-average debt outstanding of billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted-average debt outstanding was 
 89 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 . 
 
 Issuances and Borrowings 
 
 Senior Notes due 2033 
 ) September 15, 2022 Senior Notes due 2053 
 ) September 15, 2022 Senior Notes due 2062 
 ) September 15, 2022 Total of Senior Notes issued ) Class A Senior ABS Notes due 2028 
 ) October 12, 2022 Total of ABS Notes issued ) 
 
 On September 15, 2022, T-Mobile USA and certain of its affiliates, as guarantors, issued an aggregate of billion of Senior Notes bearing interest from to and maturing in 2033 to 2062, and used the net proceeds of billion for general corporate purposes, including among other things, share repurchases and refinancing of existing indebtedness on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, on February 9, 2023, we issued billion of Senior Notes due 2028, billion of Senior Notes due 2033 and million of Senior Notes due 2053. We intend to use the net proceeds of billion for general corporate purposes, which may include among other things, share repurchases and refinancing of existing indebtedness on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Credit Facilities 
 
 On October 17, 2022, we entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the October 2022 Credit Agreement with certain financial institutions named therein. The October 2022 Credit Agreement amends and restates in its entirety the Credit Agreement originally dated April 1, 2020, and provides for a billion revolving credit facility, including a letter of credit sub-facility of up to billion, and a swingline loan sub-facility of up to million. Commitments under the October 2022 Credit Agreement will mature on October 17, 2027, except as otherwise extended or replaced. Borrowings under the October 2022 Credit Agreement will bear interest based upon the applicable benchmark rate, depending on the type of loan and, in some cases, at our election, plus a margin that is determined by reference to the credit rating of T-Mobile USA s senior unsecured long-term debt. The October 2022 Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, including a financial maintenance covenant of x with respect to T-Mobile USA, Inc. s Leverage Ratio (as defined therein) commencing with the period ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have an outstanding balance under this facility. 
 90 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Senior Notes due 2022 
 March 16, 2022 Senior Notes to affiliates due 2022 
 March 16, 2022 Senior Notes to affiliates due 2022 
 April 15, 2022 N/A Senior Notes due 2022 
 November 15, 2022 N/A Total Redemptions Secured Series 2018-1 A-1 Notes due 2025 
 Various N/A Other debt Various N/A Total Repayments 
 
 Our losses on extinguishment of debt were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in Other expense, net on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. There was loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Asset-backed Notes 
 
 On October 12, 2022, we issued million of Class A Senior ABS Notes to third-party investors in a private placement transaction. Our ABS Notes are secured by billion of gross EIP receivables and future collections on such receivables. 
 
 In connection with issuing the ABS Notes, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, which qualifies as a bankruptcy remote entity (the ABS BRE ), and a trust (the ABS Trust and together with the ABS BRE, the ABS Entities ), in which the ABS BRE holds a residual interest. The ABS BRE s residual interest in the ABS Trust represents the rights to all funds not needed to make required payments on the ABS Notes and other related payments and expenses. 
 
 Under the terms of the ABS Notes, our wholly owned subsidiary, T-Mobile Financial LLC FinCo ), and certain of our other wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, the Originators transfer EIP receivables to the ABS BRE, which in turn transfers such receivables to the ABS Trust, which issued the ABS Notes. The Class A senior ABS Notes have an expected weighted average life of approximately years. Under the terms of the transaction, there is a revolving period during which we may transfer additional receivables to the ABS Entities as collections on the receivables are received. The EIP receivables transferred to the ABS Entities and related assets, consisting primarily of restricted cash, will only be available for payment of the ABS Notes and expenses related thereto, payments to the Originators in respect of additional transfers of device payment plan agreement receivables, and other obligations arising from our ABS Notes transactions, and will not be available to pay our other obligations until the associated ABS Notes and related obligations are satisfied. The third-party investors in the Class A senior ABS Notes have legal recourse only to the assets of the ABS Trust securing the ABS Notes and do not have any recourse to T-Mobile with respect to the payment of principal and interest. The receivables transferred to the ABS Trust will only be available for payment of the ABS Notes and other obligations arising from the transaction and will not be available to pay any obligations or claims of T-Mobile s creditors. 
 
 Under a parent support agreement, T-Mobile has agreed to guarantee the performance of the obligations of FinCo, which will continue to service the receivables, and the other T-Mobile entities participating in the transaction. However, T-Mobile does not guarantee any principal or interest on the ABS Notes or any payments on the underlying EIP receivables. 
 
 The ABS Notes are redeemable, in whole but not in part, on or after the payment date in November 2023. If redeemed on or after the payment date in November 2024, or if the aggregate principal balance of the transferred EIP receivables is equal to or less than 10 of the aggregate principal balance of the EIP receivables transferred upon issuance of the ABS Notes, we can redeem the ABS Notes without incurring a Make-Whole Payment; otherwise, a Make-Whole Payment applies. 
 
 Cash collections on the EIP receivables are required at certain specified times to be placed into segregated accounts. Deposits to the segregated accounts are considered restricted cash and are included in Other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 91 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million from our ABS Notes are reflected in Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the year ended December 31, 2022. The ABS Notes issued and the assets securing this debt are included on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Class A Senior ABS Notes due 2028 

Variable Interest Entities 
 
 The ABS Entities meet the definition of a VIE for which we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary as we have the power to direct the activities of the ABS Entities that most significantly impact their performance. Those activities include selecting which receivables are transferred into the ABS Entities, servicing such receivables, and funding of the ABS Entities. Additionally, our equity interest and residual interest in the ABS BRE and the ABS Trust, respectively, obligate us to absorb losses and gives us the right to receive benefits from the ABS Entities that could potentially be significant to the ABS Entities. Accordingly, we include the balances and results of operations of the ABS Entities in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Equipment installment plan receivables due after one year, net Other current assets Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Long-term debt 
 
 See Note 3 Receivable and Related Allowance for Credit Losses for additional information on the EIP receivables used to secure the ABS Notes. 
 
 Spectrum Financing 
 
 On April 1, 2020, in connection with the closing of the Merger, we assumed Sprint s spectrum-backed notes, which are collateralized by the acquired, directly held and third-party leased Spectrum licenses (collectively, the Spectrum Portfolio transferred to wholly owned bankruptcy-remote special purpose entities (collectively, the Spectrum Financing SPEs ). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total outstanding obligations under these Notes was billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 In October 2016, certain subsidiaries of Sprint Communications, Inc. transferred the Spectrum Portfolio to the Spectrum Financing SPEs, which was used as collateral to raise an initial billion in senior secured notes (the 2016 Spectrum-Backed Notes bearing interest at per annum under a billion securitization program. The 2016 Spectrum-Backed Notes were repayable over a term, with interest-only payments over the first four quarters and amortizing quarterly principal payments thereafter commencing December 2017 through September 2021. We fully repaid the 2016 Spectrum-Backed Notes in 2021. 
 
 In March 2018, Sprint issued approximately billion in aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes (the 2018 Spectrum-Backed Notes and together with the 2016 Spectrum-Backed Notes, the Spectrum-Backed Notes under the existing billion securitization program, consisting of series of senior secured notes. The first series of notes totaled billion in aggregate principal amount, bears interest at per annum, and has quarterly interest-only payments until June 2021, with additional quarterly principal payments commencing in June 2021 through March 2025. As of December 31, 2022, million of the aggregate principal amount was classified as Short-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The second series of notes totaled approximately billion in aggregate principal amount, bears interest at per annum, and has quarterly interest-only payments until June 2023, with additional quarterly principal payments commencing in June 2023 through March 2028. As of December 31, 2022, million of the aggregate principal amount was classified as 
 92 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million per month. The lease payments, which are guaranteed by T-Mobile subsidiaries subsequent to the Merger, are sufficient to service all outstanding series of the 2016 Spectrum-Backed Notes and the lease also constitutes collateral for the senior secured notes. Because the Spectrum Financing SPEs are wholly owned T-Mobile subsidiaries subsequent to the Merger, these entities are consolidated and all intercompany activity has been eliminated. 
 
 Each Spectrum Financing SPE is a separate legal entity with its own separate creditors who will be entitled, prior to and upon the liquidation of the respective Spectrum Financing SPE, to be satisfied out of the Spectrum Financing SPE s assets prior to any assets of such Spectrum Financing SPE becoming available to T-Mobile. Accordingly, the assets of each Spectrum Financing SPE are not available to satisfy the debts and other obligations owed to other creditors of T-Mobile until the obligations of such Spectrum Financing SPE under the Spectrum-Backed Notes are paid in full. Certain provisions of the Spectrum Financing facility require us to maintain specified cash collateral balances. Amounts associated with these balances are considered to be restricted cash. 
 
 Restricted Cash 
 
 Certain provisions of our debt agreements require us to maintain specified cash collateral balances. Amounts associated with these balances are considered to be restricted cash. 
 
 Standby Letters of Credit 
 
 For the purposes of securing our obligations to provide device insurance services and for the purposes of securing our general purpose obligations, we maintain an agreement for standby letters of credit with certain financial institutions. We assumed certain of Sprint s standby letters of credit in the Merger. Our outstanding standby letters of credit were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

tower sites CCI Lease Sites via a master prepaid lease with site lease terms ranging from to years. CCI has fixed-price purchase options for the CCI Lease Sites totaling approximately billion, exercisable annually on a per-tranche basis at the end of the lease term during the period from December 31, 2035, through December 31, 2049. If CCI exercises its purchase option for any tranche, it must purchase all the towers in the tranche. We lease back a portion of the space at certain tower sites. 
 
 Assets and liabilities associated with the operation of the tower sites were transferred to special purpose entities SPEs ). Assets included ground lease agreements or deeds for the land on which the towers are situated, the towers themselves and existing subleasing agreements with other mobile network operator tenants that lease space at the tower sites. Liabilities included the obligation to pay ground lease rentals, property taxes and other executory costs. 
 
 We determined the SPEs containing the CCI Lease Sites Lease Site SPEs are VIEs as they lack sufficient equity to finance their activities. We have a variable interest in the Lease Site SPEs but are not the primary beneficiary as we lack the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the Lease Site SPEs economic performance. These activities include managing tenants and underlying ground leases, performing repair and maintenance on the towers, the obligation to absorb expected losses and the right to receive the expected future residual returns from the purchase option to acquire the CCI Lease Sites. As we determined that we are not the primary beneficiary and do not have a controlling financial interest in the Lease Site SPEs, the Lease Site SPEs are not included on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 However, we also considered if this arrangement resulted in the sale of the CCI Lease Sites for which we would derecognize the tower assets. By assessing whether control had transferred, we concluded that transfer of control criteria, as discussed in the revenue standard, were not met. Accordingly, we recorded this arrangement as a financing whereby we recorded debt, a financial obligation, and the CCI Lease Sites tower assets remained on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recorded long- 
 93 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 tower sites Master Lease Sites via a master prepaid lease. These agreements were assumed upon the close of the Merger, at which point the remaining term of the lease-out was approximately years with renewal options. CCI has a fixed price purchase option for all (but not less than all) of the leased or subleased sites for approximately billion, exercisable prior to the expiration of the agreement and ending days prior to the expiration of the agreement. We lease back a portion of the space at certain tower sites. 
 
 We considered if this arrangement resulted in the sale of the Master Lease Sites for which we would derecognize the tower assets. By assessing whether control had transferred, we concluded that transfer of control criteria, as discussed in the revenue standard, were not met. Accordingly, we recorded this arrangement as a financing whereby we recorded debt, a financial obligation, and the Master Lease Sites tower assets remained on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 As of the closing date of the Merger, we recognized Property and equipment with a fair value of billion and tower obligations related to amounts owed to CCI under the leaseback of billion. Additionally, we recognized billion in Other long-term liabilities associated with contract terms that are unfavorable to current market rates, which include unfavorable terms associated with the fixed-price purchase option in 2037. 
 
 We recognize interest expense on the tower obligations. The tower obligations are increased by the interest expense and amortized through contractual leaseback payments made by us to CCI. The tower assets are reported in Property and equipment, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and are depreciated to their estimated residual values over the expected useful life of the towers, which is years. 
 
 Leaseback Arrangement 
 
 On January 3, 2022, we entered into an agreement (the Crown Agreement with CCI. The Crown Agreement extends the current term of the leasebacks by up to years and modifies the leaseback payments for both the Existing CCI Tower Lease Arrangement and the Acquired CCI Tower Lease Arrangement. As a result of the Crown Agreement, there was an increase in our financing obligation as of the effective date of the Crown Agreement of approximately billion, with a corresponding decrease to Other long-term liabilities associated with unfavorable contract terms. The modification resulted in a revised interest rate under the effective interest method for the tower obligations: for the Existing CCI Tower Lease Arrangement and for the Acquired CCI Tower Lease Arrangement. There were no changes made to either of our master prepaid leases with CCI. 
 
 Tower obligations Other long-term liabilities 
 
 Future minimum payments related to the tower obligations are approximately million for the 12-month period ending December 31, 2023, million in total for both of the 12-month periods ending December 31, 2024 and 2025, million in total for both of the 12-month periods ending December 31, 2026 and 2027, and billion in total thereafter. 
 
 We are contingently liable for future ground lease payments through the remaining term of the CCI Lease Sites and the Master Lease Sites. These contingent obligations are not included in Operating lease liabilities as any amount due is contractually owed by CCI based on the subleasing arrangement. Under the arrangement, we remain primarily liable for ground lease payments on approximately sites and have included lease liabilities of million in our Operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 94 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 primary categories of customers: 
 
 Postpaid customers generally include customers who are qualified to pay after receiving wireless communications services utilizing phones, High Speed Internet, tablets, wearables, DIGITS or other connected devices; 
 Prepaid customers generally include customers who pay for wireless communications services in advance; and 
 Wholesale customers include Machine-to-Machine and Mobile Virtual Network Operator customers that operate on our network but are managed by wholesale partners. 
 
 Postpaid other revenues Total postpaid service revenues 
 
 We operate as a single operating segment. The balances presented in each revenue line item on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income represent categories of revenue from contracts with customers disaggregated by type of product and service. Postpaid and prepaid service revenues also include revenues earned for providing premium services to customers, such as device insurance services. Revenue generated from the lease of mobile communication devices is included in Equipment revenues on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 

Contract Balances 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 Change ) 
 
 Contract assets primarily represent revenue recognized for equipment sales with promotional bill credits offered to customers that are paid over time and are contingent on the customer maintaining a service contract. 
 
 Contract asset balances increased primarily due to an increase in promotions with an extended service contract, partially offset by billings on existing contracts and impairment, which is recognized as bad debt expense. The current portion of our contract assets of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, was included in Other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Contract liabilities are recorded when fees are collected, or we have an unconditional right to consideration (a receivable) in advance of delivery of goods or services. Changes in contract liabilities are primarily related to the activity of prepaid customers. Contract liabilities are primarily included in Deferred revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 95 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to remaining service performance obligations for postpaid contracts with subsidized devices and promotional bill credits that result in an extended service contract is billion. We expect to recognize revenue as the service is provided on these postpaid contracts over an extended contract term of months from the time of origination. 
 
 Information about remaining performance obligations that are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less has been excluded from the above, which primarily consists of monthly service contracts. 
 
 Certain of our wholesale, roaming and service contracts include variable consideration based on usage and performance. This variable consideration has been excluded from the disclosure of remaining performance obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the contractual minimum consideration for wholesale, roaming and service contracts is billion, billion and billion for 2023, 2024, and 2025 and beyond, respectively. These contracts have a remaining duration ranging from less than to . 
 
 Contract Costs 
 
 The balance of deferred incremental costs to obtain contracts with customers was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively, and is included in Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Deferred contract costs incurred to obtain postpaid service contracts are amortized over a period of months. The amortization period is monitored to reflect any significant change in assumptions. Amortization of deferred contract costs included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income were billion, billion and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The deferred contract cost asset is assessed for impairment on a periodic basis. There were impairment losses recognized on deferred contract cost assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

million shares of our common stock. Under our Incentive Plans, we can grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ), and performance awards to eligible employees, consultants, advisors and non-employee directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately million shares of common stock available for future grants under our Incentive Plans. 
 
 We grant RSUs to eligible employees, key executives and certain non-employee directors and PRSUs to eligible key executives. RSUs entitle the grantee to receive shares of our common stock upon vesting (with vesting generally occurring annually over a service period), subject to continued service through the applicable vesting date. PRSUs entitle the holder to receive shares of our common stock at the end of a performance period of generally up to if the applicable performance goals are achieved and generally subject to continued service through the applicable performance period. The number of shares ultimately received by the holder of PRSUs is dependent on our business performance against the specified performance goal(s) over a pre-established performance period. We also maintain an employee stock purchase plan ESPP ), under which eligible employees can purchase our common stock at a discounted price. 
 
 96 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation Weighted-average fair value per stock award granted Unrecognized compensation expense Weighted-average period to be recognized (years) Fair value of stock awards vested 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Upon the completion of our Merger with Sprint, T-Mobile assumed Sprint s stock compensation plans. In addition, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, at the Effective Time, each outstanding option to purchase Sprint common stock (other than under Sprint s Employee Stock Purchase Plan), each award of time-based RSUs in respect of shares of Sprint common stock and each award of performance-based RSUs in respect of shares of Sprint common stock, in each case, that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically adjusted by the Exchange Ratio (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) and converted into an equity award of the same type covering shares of T-Mobile common stock, on the same terms and conditions (including, if applicable, any continuing vesting requirements (but excluding any performance-based vesting conditions)) under the applicable Sprint plan and award agreement in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (the Assumed Awards ). The applicable amount of performance-based RSUs eligible for conversion was based on formulas and approximated of target. Any accrued but unpaid dividend equivalents with respect to any such award of time-based RSUs or performance-based RSUs were assumed by T-Mobile at the Effective Time and became an obligation with respect to the applicable award of RSUs in respect of shares of T-Mobile common stock. 
 
 On April 22, 2020, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-8 to register a total of shares of common stock, representing those covered by the Sprint Corporation 1997 Long-Term Stock Incentive Program, the Sprint Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Sprint 2007 Plan and the Sprint Corporation Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan that T-Mobile assumed in connection with the closing of the Merger. This included shares of T-Mobile common stock issuable upon exercise or settlement of the Assumed Awards held by current directors, officers, employees and consultants of T-Mobile or its subsidiaries who were directors, officers, employees and consultants of Sprint or its subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time, as well as (i) shares of T-Mobile common stock that remain available for issuance under the 2015 Plan and (ii) additional shares of T-Mobile common stock subject to awards granted under the 2015 Plan that may become available for issuance under the 2015 Plan if any awards under the 2015 Plan are forfeited, lapse unexercised or are settled in cash. 
 
 The following activity occurred under the Incentive Plans during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested, December 31, 2022 

97 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Granted Performance award achievement adjustments (1) 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested, December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Represents PRSUs granted prior to 2022 for which the performance achievement period was completed in 2022, resulting in incremental unit awards. These PRSU awards are also included in the amount vested in 2022. 
 
 PRSUs included in the table above are shown at target. Share payout can range from to based on different performance outcomes. Weighted-average grant date fair value of RSU and PRSU awards assumed through acquisition is based on the fair value on the date assumed. 
 
 Payment of the underlying shares in connection with the vesting of RSU and PRSU awards generally triggers a tax obligation for the employee, which is required to be remitted to the relevant tax authorities. With respect to RSUs and PRSUs settled in shares, we have agreed to withhold shares of common stock otherwise issuable under the RSU and PRSU awards to cover certain of these tax obligations, with the net shares issued to the employee accounted for as outstanding common stock. We withheld , and shares of common stock to cover tax obligations associated with the payment of shares upon vesting of stock awards and remitted cash of million, million and million to the appropriate tax authorities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 Our ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute up to of their eligible earnings toward the semi-annual purchase of our shares of common stock at a discounted price, subject to an annual maximum dollar amount. Employees can purchase stock at a discount applied to the closing stock price on the first or last day of the offering period, whichever price is lower. The number of shares issued under our ESPP was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the number of securities remaining available for future sale and issuance under the ESPP was . Sprint s ESPP was terminated prior to the Merger close and legacy Sprint employees were eligible to enroll in our ESPP on August 15, 2020. 
 
 Our ESPP provides for an annual increase in the aggregate number of shares of our common stock reserved for sale and authorized for issuance thereunder as of the first day of each fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2016) equal to the lesser of (i) shares of our common stock, and (ii) the number of shares of T-Mobile common stock determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Compensation Committee ). For fiscal years 2016 through 2019, the Compensation Committee determined that no such increase in shares of our common stock was necessary. However, an additional shares of our common stock were automatically added to the ESPP share reserve as of each of January 1, 2020 and January 1, 2021. additional shares of our common stock were automatically added as of January 1, 2022 and 2023. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Stock options outstanding relate to the Metro Communications, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan, the Amended and Restated Metro Communications, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan, the Layer3 TV, Inc. 2013 Stock Plan, the Sprint 2007 Plan and the Sprint 2015 Plan (collectively, the Stock Option Plans ). stock option awards were granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 98 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Exercised ) Expired/canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 Weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options assumed through acquisition is based on the fair value on the date assumed. 
 
 Stock options exercised under the Stock Option Plans generated proceeds of approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The grant-date fair value of share-based incentive compensation awards attributable to post-combination services including restricted stock units and stock options, from the Merger was approximately million. 
 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Plans 
 
 Upon the completion of our Merger with Sprint, we acquired the assets and assumed the liabilities associated with the Pension Plan as well as other postretirement employee benefit plans. As of December 31, 2005, the Pension Plan was amended to freeze benefit plan accruals for the participants. The plan assets acquired and obligations assumed were recognized at fair value on the Merger close date. 
 
 The objective for the investment portfolio of the Pension Plan is to achieve a long-term nominal rate of return, net of fees, that exceeds the Pension Plan's long-term expected rate of return on investments for funding purposes. To meet this objective, our investment strategy is governed by an asset allocation policy, whereby a targeted allocation percentage is assigned to each asset class as follows: to equities; to fixed income investments; to real estate, infrastructure and private assets; and to other investments including hedge funds. Actual allocations are allowed to deviate from target allocation percentages within a range for each asset class as defined in the investment policy. The long-term expected rate of return on plan assets was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, while the actual rate of return on plan assets was ) and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The long-term expected rate of return on investments for funding purposes is for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Expected return on pension plan assets ) ) Net pension expense ) 
 
 The net expense associated with the Pension Plan is included in Other expense, net on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Investments of the Pension Plan are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, which is determined using quoted market prices or estimated fair values. As of December 31, 2022, of the investment portfolio was valued at quoted prices in active markets for identical assets, was valued using quoted prices for similar assets in active or inactive markets, or other observable inputs, and was valued using unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. As of December 31, 2021, of the investment portfolio was valued at quoted prices in active markets for identical assets, was valued using quoted prices for similar assets in active or inactive markets, or other observable inputs, and was valued using unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity, the majority of which used the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient to measure the fair value. 
 
 The fair values of our Pension Plan assets and certain other postretirement benefit plan assets in aggregate were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Certain investments, as a practical expedient, are reported at estimated fair value, utilizing net asset values of million as of December 31, 2022 which are part of our Plan assets. Our accumulated benefit obligations in aggregate were billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
 99 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were recorded in Other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. In determining our pension obligation for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we used a weighted-average discount rate of and , respectively. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made contributions of million and million, respectively, to the benefit plans. We expect to make contributions to the Plan of million through the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 Future benefits expected to be paid are approximately million for the year ending December 31, 2023, million in total for the years ending December 31, 2024 and 2025, million in total for the years ending December 31, 2026 and 2027, and million in total thereafter. 
 
 Employee Retirement Savings Plan 
 
 We sponsor retirement savings plans for the majority of our employees under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code and similar plans. The plans allow employees to contribute a portion of their pre-tax and post-tax income in accordance with specified guidelines. The plans provide that we match a percentage of employee contributions up to certain limits. Employer matching contributions were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

billion from DISH for the Prepaid Business, subject to a working capital adjustment. The close of the Prepaid Transaction did not have a significant impact on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 The results of the Prepaid Business include revenues and expenses directly attributable to the operations disposed. Corporate and administrative expenses, including Interest expense, net, not directly attributable to the operations were not allocated to the Prepaid Business. The results of the Prepaid Business from April 1, 2020, through December 31, 2020, are presented in Income from discontinued operations, net of tax on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. There was income from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Roaming and other service revenues Total service revenues Equipment revenues Total revenues Cost of services Cost of equipment sales Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Pretax income from discontinued operations Income tax expense ) Income from discontinued operations 
 
 100 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, all of which relates to the operations of the Prepaid Business during the three months ended June 30, 2020. There were cash flows from investing or financing activities related to the Prepaid Business for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Continuing Involvement 
 
 Upon the closing of the Prepaid Transaction, we and DISH entered into (i) a DISH License Purchase Agreement pursuant to which (a) DISH has the option to purchase certain 800 MHz spectrum licenses for a total of approximately billion in a transaction to be completed, subject to certain additional closing conditions, following an application for FCC approval to be filed three years following the closing of the Merger and (b) we will have the option to lease back from DISH, as needed, a portion of the spectrum sold for an additional following the closing of the spectrum sale transaction, (ii) a Transition Services Agreement providing for our provisioning of transition services to DISH in connection with the Prepaid Business for a period of up to following the closing of the Prepaid Transaction, (iii) a Master Network Services Agreement providing for the provisioning of network services to customers of the Prepaid Business for a period of up to following the closing of the Prepaid Transaction, and (iv) an Option to Acquire Tower and Retail Assets, offering DISH the option to acquire certain decommissioned towers and retail locations from us, subject to obtaining all necessary third-party consents, for a period of up to following the closing of the Prepaid Transaction. 
 
 In the event DISH breaches the DISH License Purchase Agreement or fails to deliver the purchase price following the satisfaction or waiver of all closing conditions, DISH s sole liability is to pay us a fee of approximately million. Additionally, if DISH does not exercise the option to purchase the 800 MHz spectrum licenses, we have an obligation to offer the licenses for sale through an auction. If the specified minimum price of billion was not met in the auction, we would retain the licenses. As it is not probable that the sale of 800 MHz spectrum licenses will close within one year, the criteria for presentation as an asset held for sale is not met. 
 
 Cash flows associated with the Master Network Services Agreement and Transition Services Agreement are included in Net cash provided by operating activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

Foreign income (loss) ) Income before income taxes 
 
 ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total current tax expense ) ) ) Deferred tax (expense) benefit Federal ) ) ) State ) Foreign Total deferred tax expense ) ) ) Total income tax expense ) ) ) 
 
 101 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 State taxes, net of federal benefit Effect of law and rate changes ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Foreign taxes Permanent differences ) Federal tax credits ) ) ) Equity-based compensation ) ) ) Non-deductible compensation Other, net ) Effective income tax rate 
 
 Lease liabilities Reserves and accruals Federal and state tax credits Other Deferred tax assets, gross Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities Spectrum licenses Property and equipment Lease right-of-use assets Other intangible assets Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities Classified on the consolidated balance sheets as: 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have tax effected federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of billion, state NOL carryforwards of billion and foreign NOL carryforwards of million, expiring through 2042. Federal and certain state NOLs generated in and after 2018 do not expire. As of December 31, 2022, our tax effected federal and state NOL carryforwards for financial reporting purposes were approximately million and million, respectively, less than our NOL carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes, due to unrecognized tax benefits of the same amount. There were differences in our foreign NOL carryforwards for financial reporting purposes and our NOL carryforwards for foreign income tax purposes as of December 31, 2022. The unrecognized tax benefit amounts exclude offsetting tax effects of million in other jurisdictions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have research and development, foreign tax and other general business credit carryforwards with a combined value of million for federal income tax purposes, an immaterial amount of which begins to expire in 2023. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our valuation allowance was million, million and million, respectively. The change from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily related to a reduction in the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions resulting from legal entity reorganizations. The change from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021 primarily related to a reduction in the valuation allowance against deferred tax 
 102 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Gross increases to tax positions in prior periods Gross decreases to tax positions in prior periods ) ) ) Gross increases to current period tax positions Gross increases due to current period business acquisitions Gross decreases due to settlements with taxing authorities ) ) Gross decreases due to statute of limitations lapse ) Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had million, million and million, respectively, in unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect our annual effective tax rate. Penalties and interest on income tax assessments are included in Selling, general and administrative and Interest expense, respectively, on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The accrued interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits are insignificant. It is possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits related to our uncertain tax positions may change within the next 12 months. 

million shares of our common stock held by SoftBank (the Released Shares ). Under the terms of the Master Framework Agreement and the agreements contemplated thereby, SBGC sold the Released Shares to us and we entered into several transactions to sell an equivalent number of our common shares (the SoftBank Monetization ). In 2020, we settled our involvement with all such transactions with no net impact to our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and we received a payment from SoftBank for million for our role in facilitating the SoftBank Monetization. The payment received from SoftBank, net of tax, of million was recorded as Additional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and is presented as a reduction of Repurchases of common stock in Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows . 
 
 Ownership Following the SoftBank Monetization 
 
 The SoftBank Proxy Agreement remains in effect with respect to the remaining shares of our common stock held by SoftBank and any SoftBank Specified Shares Amount that may be issued to SoftBank. In addition, on June 22, 2020, DT, CM LLC, and Marcelo Claure, a member of our board of directors, entered into a Proxy, Lock-Up and ROFR Agreement (the Claure Proxy Agreement, together with the SoftBank Proxy Agreement, the Proxy Agreements ), pursuant to which any shares of our common stock acquired after June 22, 2020 by Mr. Claure or CM LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Claure, other than shares acquired as a result of Mr. Claure s role as a director or officer of the Company, will be voted in the manner as directed by DT. 
 
 103 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 and , respectively, of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock, with the remaining approximately of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock held by other stockholders. 
 
 Accordingly, as a result of the Proxy Agreements, DT has voting control as of December 31, 2022 over approximately of the outstanding T-Mobile common stock. 

billion of our common stock through September 30, 2023. Under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program, repurchases can be made from time to time using a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, 10b5-1 plans, privately negotiated transactions or other methods. The specific timing, price and size of repurchases will depend on prevailing stock prices, general economic and market conditions, and other considerations. The 2022 Stock Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. Repurchased shares will be held as Treasury stock on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased shares of our common stock at an average price per share of for a total purchase price of billion, all of which were purchased under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program. All shares purchased during the year ended December 31, 2022, were purchased at market price. As of December 31, 2022, we had up to billion remaining under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program. 
 
 shares of our common stock at an average price per share of for a total purchase price of billion. As of February 10, 2023, we had up to billion remaining under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program . 

of our wholly owned subsidiaries, Sprint Communications and Sprint LLC, and Cogent Infrastructure, Inc., entered into the Wireline Sale Agreement, pursuant to which the Buyer will acquire the Wireline Business. The Wireline Sale Agreement provides that, upon the terms and conditions set forth therein, the Buyer will purchase all of the issued and outstanding membership interests (the Purchased Interests of a Delaware limited liability company that holds certain assets and liabilities relating to the Wireline Business. 
 
 The parties have agreed to a purchase price in consideration for the Purchased Interests, subject to customary adjustments set forth in the Wireline Sale Agreement. In addition, at the consummation of the Wireline Transaction (the Closing ), a T-Mobile affiliate will enter into a commercial agreement for IP transit services, pursuant to which T-Mobile will pay to the Buyer an aggregate of million, consisting of (i) million in equal monthly installments during the first year after the Closing and (ii) million in equal monthly installments over the subsequent months. The Closing is subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of certain required regulatory approvals and consents. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions and other terms and conditions of the Wireline Sale Agreement, the Wireline Transaction is expected to close mid-year 2023. 
 
 As a result of the Wireline Sale Agreement and related anticipated Wireline Transaction, we concluded that the Wireline Business met the held for sale criteria upon entering into the Wireline Sale Agreement. As such, the assets and liabilities of the Wireline Business disposal group are classified as held for sale and presented within Other current assets and Other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 104 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Other current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other intangible assets, net Other assets Remeasurement of disposal group held for sale to fair value less remaining costs to sell (1) 
 ) Assets held for sale Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Short-term operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Liabilities held for sale Liabilities held for sale, net ) 
 (1) Excludes amounts related to the establishment of liabilities for contractual and other payments associated with the Wireline Transaction, including the million of fees payable for IP transit services discounted to present value and other payments to the Buyer anticipated in connection with the Wireline Transaction. 
 
 In connection with the expected sale of the Wireline Business and classification of related assets and liabilities as held for sale, we recognized a pre-tax loss of billion during the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included within Loss on disposal group held for sale on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Accrual of total estimated costs to sell Recognition of liability for IP transit services agreement (1) 
 Recognition of other obligations to Buyer to be paid at or after Closing Loss on disposal group held for sale 
 (1) We will continue to recognize accretion expense through the expiration of the agreement which will be included in Interest expense, net separate from the Loss on disposal group held for sale on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 The present value of the liability for fees payable for IP transit services has been recognized as a component of Loss on disposal group held for sale as we have not currently identified any path to utilize such services in our continuing operations and have committed to execute the agreement as a closing condition for the Wireline Transaction. We will continue to evaluate potential uses on an ongoing basis over the life of the agreement. Approximately million and million of this liability, including accrued interest, is presented within Other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, in accordance with the expected timing of the related payments. Approximately million and million for contractual and other payments associated with the Wireline Transaction are presented within Other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, in accordance with the expected timing of the related payments. 
 
 We do not consider the sale of the Wireline Business to be a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results, and therefore it does not qualify for reporting as a discontinued operation. 
 
 105 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, all of which relates to the sale of certain IP addresses held by the Wireline Business to other third parties during the three months ended September 30, 2022. The gain on disposal is included as a reduction to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Wireline Impairment 
 
 We provide wireline communication services to domestic and international customers via the legacy Sprint Wireline U.S. long-haul fiber network (including non-U.S. extensions thereof) acquired through the Merger. The legacy Sprint Wireline network is primarily comprised of owned property and equipment, including land, buildings, communication systems and data processing equipment, fiber optic cable and operating lease right-of-use assets. Previously, the operation of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE wireless networks was supported by the legacy Sprint Wireline network. During the second quarter of 2022, we retired the legacy Sprint CDMA network and began the orderly shut-down of the LTE network. 
 
 We assess long-lived assets for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. During the second quarter of 2022, we determined that the retirement of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE wireless networks triggered the need to assess the Wireline long-lived assets for impairment, as these assets no longer support our wireless network and the associated customers and cash flows in a significant manner. In evaluating whether the Wireline long-lived assets were impaired, we estimated the fair value of these assets using a combination of the cost, income and market approaches, including market participant assumptions. The fair value measurement of the Wireline assets was estimated using significant inputs not observable in the market (Level 3). 
 
 The results of this assessment indicated that certain Wireline long-lived assets were impaired, and as a result, we recorded non-cash impairment expense of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, all of which relates to the impairment recognized during the three months ended June 30, 2022, of which million is related to Wireline Property and equipment, million is related to Operating lease right-of-use assets and million is related to Other intangible assets. In measuring and allocating the impairment expense to individual Wireline long-lived assets, we did not impair the long-lived assets below their individual fair values. The expense is included within Impairment expense on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 106 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: Outstanding stock options and unvested stock awards Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Basic earnings per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Earnings per share basic Diluted earnings per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Earnings per share diluted Potentially dilutive securities: Outstanding stock options and unvested stock awards SoftBank contingent consideration (1) 
 
 (1) Represents the weighted-average SoftBank Specified Shares that are contingently issuable from the acquisition date of April 1, 2020, pursuant to a letter agreement dated February 20, 2020, between T-Mobile, SoftBank and DT. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had authorized million shares of preferred stock, with a par value of per share. There was preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Potentially dilutive securities were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share if to do so would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 shares of T-Mobile common stock was determined to be contingent consideration for the Merger and is not dilutive until the defined volume-weighted average price per share is reached. 

years with several renewal options that can extend the lease term for five to years. In addition, we have financing leases for network equipment that generally have a non-cancelable lease term of three to . The financing leases do not have renewal options and contain a bargain purchase option at the end of the lease. 
 
 On January 3, 2022, we entered into the Crown Agreement with CCI that modified the terms of our leased towers from CCI. The Crown Agreement modifies the monthly rental payments we will pay for sites currently leased by us, extends the non-cancellable lease term for the majority of our sites through December 2033 and will allow us the flexibility to facilitate our network integration and decommissioning activities through new site builds and termination of duplicate tower locations. The initial non-cancellable term is through December 31, 2033, followed by optional renewals. As a result of this modification, we remeasured the associated right-of use assets and lease liabilities resulting in an increase of billion to each on the effective date of the modification, with a corresponding gross increase to both deferred tax liabilities and assets of billion. 
 
 107 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Financing lease expense: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total financing lease expense Variable lease expense Total lease expense 
 
 Financing leases Weighted-Average Discount Rate Operating leases Financing leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total 
 
 Interest payments for financing leases were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have additional operating leases for commercial properties that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of approximately million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were contingently liable for future ground lease payments related to certain tower obligations. These contingent obligations are not included in the above table as the amounts owed are contractually owed by CCI based on the subleasing arrangement. See Note 9 Tower Obligations for further information. 
 
 Lessor 
 
 months 
 Accumulated depreciation ) ) Leased wireless devices, net 
 
 For equipment revenues from the lease of mobile communication devices, see Note 10 Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 
 108 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2024 Total 
 
 Wireline Impairment 
 
 During the second quarter of 2022, we determined that the retirement of the legacy Sprint CDMA and LTE wireless networks triggered the need to separately assess the Wireline long-lived asset group for impairment and the results of this assessment indicated that certain Wireline property and equipment was impaired. See Note 16 - Wireline for further information. 

billion for the 12-month period ending December 31, 2023, billion in total for both of the 12-month periods ending December 31, 2024 and 2025, billion in total for both of the 12-month periods ending December 31, 2026 and 2027, and billion in total thereafter. These amounts are not reflective of our entire anticipated purchases under the related agreements but are determined based on the non-cancelable quantities or termination amounts to which we are contractually obligated. 
 
 Spectrum Leases 
 
 We lease spectrum from various parties. These leases include service obligations to the lessors. Certain spectrum leases provide for minimum lease payments, additional charges, renewal options and escalation clauses. Leased spectrum agreements have varying expiration terms that generally extend through 2050. We expect that all renewal periods in our spectrum leases will be exercised by us. Certain spectrum leases also include purchase options and right-of-first refusal clauses in which we are provided the opportunity to exercise our purchase option if the lessor receives a purchase offer from a third party. The purchase of the leased spectrum is at our option and therefore the option price is not included in the commitments below. 
 
 Our spectrum lease and service credit commitments, including renewal periods, are approximately million for the 12-month period ending December 31, 2023, million in total for both of the 12-month periods ending December 31, 2024 and 2025, million in total for both of the 12-month periods ending December 31, 2026 and 2027, and billion in total thereafter. 
 
 On August 8, 2022, we entered into License Purchase Agreements to acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band from Channel 51 
 License Co LLC and LB License Co, LLC in exchange for total cash consideration of billion. The agreements remain subject to regulatory approval and are excluded from our reported commitments above. See Note 6 Go odwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other In ta n gible Assets for additional details. 
 
 Contingencies and Litigation 
 
 Litigation and Regulatory Matters 
 
 We are involved in various lawsuits and disputes, claims, government agency investigations and enforcement actions, and other proceedings Litigation and Regulatory Matters that arise in the ordinary course of business, which include claims of patent infringement (most of which are asserted by non-practicing entities primarily seeking monetary damages), class actions, and proceedings to enforce FCC or other government agency rules and regulations. Those Litigation and Regulatory Matters are at various stages, and some of them may proceed to trial, arbitration, hearing, or other adjudication that could result in fines, penalties, or awards of monetary or injunctive relief in the coming 12 months if they are not otherwise resolved. We have established an accrual with respect to certain of these matters, where appropriate. The accruals are reflected on our consolidated 
 109 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 110 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million to fund claims submitted by class members, the legal fees of plaintiffs counsel and the costs of administering the settlement. We would also commit to an aggregate incremental spend of million for data security and related technology in 2022 and 2023. We anticipate that, upon court approval, the settlement will provide a full release of all claims arising out of the August 2021 cyberattack by class members, who do not opt out, against all defendants, including us, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and our directors and officers. The settlement contains no admission of liability, wrongdoing or responsibility by any of the defendants. We have the right to terminate the settlement agreement under certain conditions. 
 
 If approved by the court, we anticipate that this settlement of the class action, along with other settlements of separate consumer claims that have been previously completed or are currently pending, will resolve substantially all of the claims brought to date by our current, former and prospective customers who were impacted by the 2021 cyberattack. In connection with the proposed class action settlement and the separate settlements, we recorded a total pre-tax charge of approximately million during the three months ended June 30, 2022. The expense is included within Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized million in reimbursements from insurance carriers for costs incurred related to the August 2021 cyberattack, which is included as a reduction to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The ultimate resolution of the class action depends on whether we will be able to obtain court approval of the proposed settlement, the number of plaintiffs who opt-out of the proposed settlement and whether the proposed settlement will be appealed. 
 
 In addition, in September 2022, a purported Company shareholder filed a derivative action in the Delaware Chancery Court under the caption Harper v. Sievert et al., Case No. 2022-0819-SG, against our current directors and certain of our former directors, alleging claims for breach of fiduciary duty relating to the Company s cybersecurity practices. We are also named as a nominal defendant in the lawsuit. We are unable at this time to predict the potential outcome of this lawsuit or whether we may be subject to further private litigation. 
 
 We have also received inquiries from various government agencies, law enforcement and other governmental authorities related to the August 2021 cyberattack which could result in substantial fines or penalties. We are responding to these inquiries and cooperating fully with these agencies and regulators. However, we cannot predict the timing or outcome of any of these matters, or whether we may be subject to further regulatory inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions. 
 
 In light of the inherent uncertainties involved in such matters and based on the information currently available to us, we believe it is reasonably possible that we could incur additional losses associated with these proceedings and inquiries, and we will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. Ongoing legal and other costs related to these proceedings and inquiries, as well as any potential future actions, may be substantial, and losses associated with any adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolutions of such proceedings and inquiries could be material to our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and operating results. 
 
 In 2022, we received million in gross settlements of certain patent litigation assumed in the Merger. We recognized these settlements, net of legal fees, as a reduction to Selling, general and administrative expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On June 17, 2022, plaintiffs filed a putative antitrust class action complaint in the Northern District of Illinois, Dale et al. v. Deutsche Telekom AG, et al. , Case No. 1:22-cv-03189, against DT, T-Mobile, and SoftBank, alleging that the Merger violated the antitrust laws and harmed competition in the U.S. retail cell service market. Plaintiffs seek injunctive relief and trebled monetary damages on behalf of a purported class of AT T and Verizon customers who plaintiffs allege paid artificially inflated prices due to the Merger. We intend to vigorously defend this lawsuit, but we are unable to predict the potential outcome. 
 
 On January 5, 2023, we identified that a bad actor was obtaining data through a single API without authorization. Based on our investigation to date, the impacted API is only able to provide a limited set of customer account data, including name, billing address, email, phone number, date of birth, T-Mobile account number and information such as the number of lines on the account and plan features. The result from our investigation to date indicates that the bad actor(s) obtained data from this API 
 111 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million current postpaid and prepaid customer accounts, though many of these accounts did not include the full data set. We believe that the bad actor first retrieved data through the impacted API starting on or around November 25, 2022. We continue to investigate the incident and have notified individuals whose information was impacted consistent with state and federal requirements. 
 
 In connection with the January 2023 cyberattack, we have received notices of consumer class actions and regulatory inquires, to which we will respond to in due course and may incur significant expenses. However, we cannot predict the timing or outcome of any of these potential matters, or whether we may be subject to additional legal proceedings, claims, regulatory inquiries, investigations, or enforcement actions. In addition, we are unable to predict the full impact of this incident on customer behavior in the future, including whether a change in our customers behavior could negatively impact our results of operations on an ongoing basis, although we presently do not expect that it will have a material effect on our operations. 

Severance costs Network decommissioning Total restructuring plan expenses 
 
 The expenses associated with our Merger restructuring initiatives are included in Costs of services and Selling, general and administrative on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Our Merger restructuring initiatives also include the acceleration or termination of certain of our operating and financing leases for cell sites, switch sites, retail stores, network equipment and office facilities. Incremental expenses associated with accelerating amortization of the right-of-use assets on lease contracts were billion, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in Costs of services and Selling, general and administrative on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 ) Severance costs ) Network decommissioning ) ) Total ) ) 

The liabilities accrued in connection with our Merger restructuring initiatives are presented in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Our Merger restructuring activities are expected to occur over the next year with substantially all costs incurred by the end of fiscal year 2023, with the related cash outflows extending beyond 2023. We continue to evaluate additional restructuring initiatives, which are dependent on consultations and negotiation with certain counterparties and the expected impact on our business operations, which could affect the amount or timing of the restructuring costs and related payments. 
 
 112 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Payroll and related benefits Property and other taxes, including payroll Accrued interest Commissions and contract termination costs Toll and interconnect Other Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 Book overdrafts included in accounts payable were million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 We have related party transactions associated with DT or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business, which are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we redeemed billion aggregate principal amount of our and Senior Notes to affiliates due 2022. See Note 8 - Debt for further information. 
 
 International long distance agreement 
 
 We have an agreement with DT for the reimbursement of certain administrative expenses, which were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Supplemental Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Information 
 
 Operating lease payments Income tax payments Non-cash investing and financing activities Non-cash beneficial interest obtained in exchange for securitized receivables Non-cash consideration for the acquisition of Sprint Change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities for purchases of property and equipment Leased devices transferred from inventory to property and equipment Returned leased devices transferred from property and equipment to inventory ) ) ) Increase in Tower obligations from contract modification Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Financing lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 113 

Index for Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale (included in Other current assets) Restricted cash (included in Other current assets) Restricted cash (included in Other assets) Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash and cash held for sale 

billion of Senior Notes due 2028, billion of Senior Notes due 2033 and million of Senior Notes due 2053. See Note 8 Debt for additional information. 
 
 shares of our common stock at an average price per share of for a total purchase price of billion. See Note 15 Repurchases of Common Stock 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) designed to ensure information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls are also designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. 
 
 The certifications required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are filed as exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 , respectively, to this Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions, providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are made in accordance with management authorization, and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report herein. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 We maintain a code of ethics applicable to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer, and Controller, which is a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers as defined by applicable rules of the SEC. This code is publicly available on our website at investor.t-mobile.com. If we make any amendments to this code other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of this code we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies on our website at investor.t-mobile.com or in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 
 
 The remaining information required by this item, including information about our Directors, Executive Officers and Audit Committee, will be incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A or will be included in an amendment to this Report. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A or will be included in an amendment to this Report. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A or will be included in an amendment to this Report. 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A or will be included in an amendment to this Report. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item will be incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A or will be included in an amendment to this Report. 

PART IV. 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) Documents filed as a part of this Form 10-K 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 
 The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable or the required information is otherwise included. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 
 See the Index to Exhibits immediately following Item 16. Form 10-K Summary of this Form 10-K. 

Item 16. Form 10 K Summary 
 
 None . 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Included Herewith 2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2018, by and among T-Mobile US, Inc., Huron Merger Sub LLC, Superior Merger Sub Corporation, Sprint Corporation, Starburst I, Inc., Galaxy Investment Holdings, Inc., and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Deutsche Telekom AG, Deutsche Telekom Holding B.V. and SoftBank Group Corp. 
 8-K 4/30/2018 2.1 2.2 Amendment No. 1, dated as of July 26, 2019, to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2018, by and among T-Mobile US, Inc., Huron Merger Sub LLC, Superior Merger Sub Corporation, Sprint Corporation, Starburst I, Inc., Galaxy Investment Holdings, Inc., and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Deutsche Telekom AG, Deutsche Telekom Holding B.V., and SoftBank Group Corp. 
 8-K 7/26/2019 2.2 2.3 Amendment No. 2, dated as of February 20, 2020, to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2018, by and among T-Mobile US, Inc., Huron Merger Sub LLC, Superior Merger Sub Corporation, Sprint Corporation, Starburst I, Inc., Galaxy Investment Holdings, Inc., and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Deutsche Telekom AG, Deutsche Telekom Holding B.V., and SoftBank Group Corp. 
 8-K 2/20/2020 2.1 2.4 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2019, by and among T-Mobile US, Inc., Sprint Corporation and DISH Network Corporation . 
 8-K 7/26/2019 2.1 2.5 First Amendment, dated as of June 17, 2020, to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2019, by and among T-Mobile US, Inc., Sprint Corporation and DISH Network Corporation. 
 8-K 6/17/2020 2.1 2.6 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2021, by and between T-Mobile USA, Inc. and Shenandoah Telecommunications Company. 
 8-K 6/1/2021 2.1 2.7 Amendment No. 1 to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2021, by and between T-Mobile USA, Inc. and Shenandoah Telecommunications Company. 
 10-Q 8/3/2021 2.2 2.8 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2022, by and among Sprint LLC, Sprint Communications LLC, and Cogent Infrastructure, Inc. 
 8-K 9/7/2022 2.1 3.1 Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 8-K 4/1/2020 3.1 3.2 Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 8-K 4/1/2020 3.2 4.1 Indenture, dated as of April 28, 2013 among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 5/2/2013 4.1 4.2 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2013 among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 5/2/2013 4.12 4.3 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 11, 2014, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-Q 10/28/2014 4.3 4.4 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 28, 2015, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-Q 10/27/2015 4.3 4.5 Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 16, 2017, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 5.375 Senior Note due 2027. 
 8-K 3/16/2017 4.3 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Included Herewith 4.6 Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 25, 2018, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 4.750 Senior Note due 2028. 
 8-K 1/25/2018 4.2 4.7 Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 26, 2018, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-Q 5/1/2018 4.5 4.8 Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2018, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 4.750 Senior Note due 2028-1. 
 8-K 5/4/2018 4.2 4.9 Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2018, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
 8-K 5/21/2018 4.1 4.10 Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 20, 2018, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
 8-K 12/21/2018 4.1 4.11 Fortieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 27, 2019, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-Q 10/28/2019 4.1 4.12 Forty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-Q/A 8/10/2020 4.12 4.13 Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 14, 2021, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 2.250 Senior Note due 2026. 
 8-K 1/14/2021 4.2 4.14 Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 14, 2021, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 2.625 Senior Note due 2029. 
 8-K 1/14/2021 4.3 4.15 Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 14, 2021, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 2.875 Senior Note due 2031. 
 8-K 1/14/2021 4.4 4.16 Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 23, 2021, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 2.625 Senior Note due 2026. 
 8-K 3/23/2021 4.2 4.17 Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 23, 2021, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 3.375 Senior Note due 2029 . 
 8-K 3/23/2021 4.3 4.18 Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 23, 2021, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 3.500 Senior Note due 2031. 
 8-K 3/23/2021 4.4 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Included Herewith 4.19 Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2021, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 10-Q 8/3/2021 4.3 4.20 Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2020 by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 4/13/2020 4.1 4.21 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 3.500 Senior Secured Note due 2025. 
 8-K 4/13/2020 4.2 4.22 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 3.750 Senior Secured Note due 2027. 
 8-K 4/13/2020 4.3 4.23 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 3.875 Senior Secured Note due 2030 . 
 8-K 4/13/2020 4.4 4.24 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 4.375 Senior Secured Note due 2040 . 
 8-K 4/13/2020 4.5 4.25 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 4.500 Senior Secured Note due 2050. 
 8-K 4/13/2020 4.6 4.26 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 24, 2020 by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 1.500 Senior Secured Note due 2026. 
 8-K 6/26/2020 4.2 4.27 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 24, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 2.050 Senior Secured Note due 2028. 
 8-K 6/26/2020 4.3 4.28 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 24, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 2.550 Senior Secured Note due 2031. 
 8-K 6/26/2020 4.4 4.29 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 6, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 10/6/2020 4.4 4.30 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 6, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 10/6/2020 4.5 4.31 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 6, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 3.000 Senior Secured Note due 2041. 
 8-K 10/6/2020 4.6 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Included Herewith 4.32 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 6, 2020, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 3.300 Senior Secured Note due 2051. 
 8-K 10/6/2020 4.7 4.33 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2020, by and among T Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 2.250 Senior Secured Note due 2031. 
 8-K 10/28/2020 4.4 4.34 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2020, by and among T Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 10/28/2020 4.5 4.35 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2020, by and among T Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 10/28/2020 4.6 4.36 Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2020, by and among T Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 3.600 Senior Secured Note due 2060. 
 8-K 10/28/2020 4.7 4.37 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2021, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 S-4 3/30/2021 4.19 4.38 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 13, 2021, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 3.400 Senior Secured Note due 2052. 
 8-K 8/13/2021 4.3 4.39 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 13, 2021, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 8/13/2021 4.4 4.40 Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2021, by and among T Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 2.400 Senior Secured Note due 2029. 
 8-K 12/6/2021 4.3 4.41 Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2021, by and among T Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 2.700 Senior Secured Note due 2032. 
 8-K 12/6/2021 4.4 4.42 Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2021, by and among T Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 12/6/2021 4.5 4.43 Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2022 by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. 
 8-K 9/15/2022 4.1 4.44 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2022, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 5.200 Senior Note due 2033. 
 8-K 9/15/2022 4.2 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Included Herewith 4.45 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2022, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 5.650 Senior Note due 2053. 
 8-K 9/15/2022 4.3 4.46 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2022, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, including the Form of 5.800 Senior Note due 2062. 
 8-K 9/15/2022 4.4 4.47 Indenture, dated as of October 1, 1998, by and among Sprint Capital Corporation, Sprint Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Bank One, N.A.) 
 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-04721) 11/2/1998 4(b) 4.48 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 15, 1999, by and among Sprint Capital Corporation, Sprint Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Bank One, N.A.) 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 2/3/1999 4(b) 4.49 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 15, 2001, by and among Sprint Capital Corporation, Sprint Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Bank One, N.A.) 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 10/29/2001 99 4.50 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2013, by and among Sprint Corporation, Sprint Capital Corporation, Sprint Communications, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Bank One, N.A.) 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 9/11/2013 4.5 4.51 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2018, by and among Sprint Capital Corporation, Sprint Communications, Inc., and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Bank One, N.A.) 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 5/18/2018 4.1 4.52 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2020, by and among Sprint Capital Corporation, Sprint Communications, Inc., Sprint Corporation, T-Mobile US, Inc., T-Mobile USA, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Bank One, N.A.), as trustee. 
 10-Q/A 8/10/2020 4.19 4.53 Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2013, by and between Sprint Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 9/11/2013 4.1 4.54 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2013, by and among Sprint Corporation, Sprint Communications, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 9/11/2013 4.3 4.55 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 12, 2013, by and among Sprint Corporation, Sprint Communications, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 12/12/2013 4.1 4.56 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2015, by and among Sprint Corporation, Sprint Communications, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 2/24/2015 4.1 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Included Herewith 4.57 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 22, 2018, by and among Sprint Corporation, Sprint Communications, Inc., and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 2/22/2018 4.1 4.58 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 14, 2018, by and between Sprint Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 5/14/2018 4.1 4.59 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2020, by and among Sprint Corporation, Sprint Communications, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc., T-Mobile USA, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 
 10-Q/A 8/10/2020 4.36 4.60 Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2016, by and among Sprint Spectrum Co LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co II LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co III LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee and Securities Intermediary. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 11/2/2016 4.1 4.61 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2018, by and among Sprint Spectrum Co LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co II LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co III LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee and securities intermediary. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 3/12/2018 4.1 4.62 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 6, 2018, to the Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2016, by and among Sprint Spectrum Co LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co II LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co III LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as trustee. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 6/6/2018 4.1 4.63 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2018, by and among Sprint Spectrum Co LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co II LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co III LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee and securities intermediary. 
 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-04721) 1/31/2019 4.1 4.64 Series 2018-1 Supplement, dated as of March 21, 2018 by and among Sprint Spectrum Co LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co II LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co III LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee and securities intermediary. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 3/21/2018 10.1 4.65 Proxy, Lock-Up and ROFR Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020, by and between Deutsche Telekom AG and SoftBank Group Corp. 
 13D 4/2/2020 6 4.66 Proxy, Lock-Up and ROFR Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2020, among Deutsche Telekom AG, Claure Mobile LLC and Raul Marcelo Claure. 
 13D/A 6/24/2020 49 4.67 Description of Securities. 
 10-K 2/11/2022 4.75 10.1 Master Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2012, among T-Mobile USA, Inc., Crown Castle International Corp., and certain T-Mobile and Crown subsidiaries. 
 10-Q 8/8/2013 10.1 10.2 Amendment No. 1, dated as of November 30, 2012, to Master Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2012, among Crown Castle International Corp., and certain T-Mobile and Crown subsidiaries. 
 10-Q 8/8/2013 10.2 10.3 Settlement and Amendment No. 2, dated as of May 8, 2014, to Master Agreement, dated as of November 2012, among Crown Castle International Corp., and certain T-Mobile and Crown subsidiaries. 
 10-K 2/7/2019 10.3 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Included Herewith 10.4 Master Prepaid Lease, dated as of November 30, 2012, by and among T-Mobile USA Tower LLC, T-Mobile West Tower LLC, T-Mobile USA, Inc. and CCTMO LLC. 
 10-Q 8/8/2013 10.3 10.5 MPL Site Master Lease Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2012, by and among Cook Inlet/VS GSM IV PCS Holdings, LLC, T-Mobile Central LLC, T-Mobile South LLC, Powertel/Memphis, Inc., Voicestream Pittsburgh, L.P., T-Mobile West LLC, T-Mobile Northeast LLC, Wireless Alliance, LLC, Suncom Wireless Operating Company, L.L.C., T-Mobile USA, Inc. and CCTMO LLC. 
 10-Q 8/8/2013 10.4 10.6 First Amendment, dated as of November 30, 2012, to MPL Site Master Lease Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2012, by and among Cook Inlet/VS GSM IV PCS Holdings, LLC, T-Mobile Central LLC, T-Mobile South LLC, Powertel/Memphis, Inc., Voicestream Pittsburgh, L.P., T-Mobile West LLC, T-Mobile Northeast LLC, Wireless Alliance, LLC, Suncom Wireless Operating Company, L.L.C., T-Mobile USA, Inc. and CCTMO LLC. 
 10-Q 8/8/2013 10.5 10.7 Second Amendment, dated as of October 31, 2014, to MPL Site Master Lease Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2012, by and among Cook Inlet/VS GSM IV PCS Holdings, LLC, T-Mobile Central LLC, T-Mobile South LLC, Powertel/Memphis, Inc., Voicestream Pittsburgh, L.P., T-Mobile West LLC, T-Mobile Northeast LLC, Suncom Wireless Operating Company, L.L.C., T-Mobile USA, Inc. 
 
 10-K 2/7/2019 10.7 10.8 Sale Site Master Lease Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2012, by and among Cook Inlet/VS GSM IV PCS Holdings, LLC, T-Mobile Central LLC, T-Mobile South LLC, Powertel/Memphis, Inc., Voicestream Pittsburgh, L.P., T-Mobile West LLC, T-Mobile Northeast LLC, Wireless Alliance, LLC, Suncom Wireless Operating Company, L.L.C., T-Mobile USA, Inc., T3 Tower 1 LLC and T3 Tower 2 LLC. 
 10-Q 8/8/2013 10.6 10.9 First Amendment, dated as of November 30, 2012, to Sale Site Master Lease Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2012, by and Cook Inlet/VS GSM IV PCS Holdings, LLC, T-Mobile Central LLC, T-Mobile South LLC, Powertel/Memphis, Inc., Voicestream Pittsburgh, L.P., T-Mobile West LLC, T-Mobile Northeast LLC, Wireless Alliance, LLC, Suncom Wireless Operating Company, L.L.C., T-Mobile USA, Inc., T3 Tower 1 LLC and T3 Tower 2 LLC. 
 10-Q 8/8/2013 10.7 10.10 Second Amendment, dated as of October 31, 2014, to Sale Site Master Lease Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2012, by and Cook Inlet/VS GSM IV PCS Holdings, LLC, T-Mobile Central LLC, T-Mobile South LLC, Powertel/Memphis, Inc., Voicestream Pittsburgh, L.P., T-Mobile West LLC, T-Mobile Northeast LLC, Suncom Wireless Operating Company, L.L.C., T-Mobile USA, Inc., T3 Tower 1 LLC and T3 Tower 2 LLC. 
 10-K 2/7/2019 10.10 10.11 Settlement Technical Closing Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2014, among Crown Castle International Corp., and certain T-Mobile and Crown subsidiaries. 
 10-K 2/7/2019 10.11 10.12 Management Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2012, by and among Suncom Wireless Operating Company, L.L.C., Cook Inlet/VS GSM IV PCS Holdings, LLC, T-Mobile Central LLC, T-Mobile South LLC, Powertel/Memphis, Inc., Voicestream Pittsburgh, L.P., T-Mobile West LLC, T-Mobile Northeast LLC, Wireless Alliance, LLC, Suncom Wireless Property Company, L.L.C., T-Mobile USA Tower LLC, T-Mobile West Tower LLC, CCTMO LLC, T3 Tower 1 LLC and T3 Tower 2 LLC. 
 10-Q 8/8/2013 10.8 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Included Herewith 10.13 Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2020, by and among T-Mobile US, Inc., Deutsche Telekom AG and SoftBank Group Corp. 
 S-3ASR 6/22/2020 4.2 10.14 Financing Matters Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2018, by and between T-Mobile USA, Inc. and Deutsche Telekom AG. 
 8-K 4/30/2018 10.3 10.15 Letter Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2020, by and among T-Mobile US, Inc., Deutsche Telekom AG and SoftBank Group Corp. 
 8-K 2/20/2020 10.1 10.16 License Agreement dated as of April 30, 2013 by and between T-Mobile US, Inc. and Deutsche Telekom AG. 
 8-K 5/2/2013 10.2 10.17 Supplemental Agreement, effective as of June 3, 2019, to the License Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2013, by and between T-Mobile US, Inc. and Deutsche Telekom AG. 
 10-Q 7/26/2019 10.5 10.18 Amendment No. 1, dated as of April 1, 2020, to the License Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2013, by and between T-Mobile US, Inc. and Deutsche Telekom AG. 
 8-K 4/1/2020 10.3 10.19 Master Network Services Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2020, between T-Mobile USA, Inc., DISH Purchasing Corporation and solely for the purposes of Section 13, DISH Network Corporation. 
 10-Q 11/5/2020 10.1 10.20 License Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2020, by and between T-Mobile USA, Inc. and DISH Network Corporation. 
 10-Q 11/5/2020 10.2 10.21 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 17, 2022, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., the lenders, swingline lenders and L/C issuers party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 X 10.22 Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated October 27, 2016, among Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Sprint Spectrum PledgeCo LLC, Sprint Spectrum PledgeCo II LLC, Sprint Spectrum PledgeCo III LLC, Sprint Spectrum License Holder LLC, Sprint Spectrum License Holder II LLC and Sprint Spectrum License Holder III LLC. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 11/2/2016 10.1 10.23 Intra-Company Spectrum Lease Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2016, among Sprint Spectrum License Holder LLC, Sprint Spectrum License Holder II LLC and Sprint Spectrum License Holder III LLC, Sprint Communications, Inc., Sprint Intermediate HoldCo LLC, Sprint Intermediate HoldCo II LLC, Sprint Intermediate HoldCo III LLC and the guarantors. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 11/2/2016 10.2 10.24 First Amendment to Intra-Company Spectrum Lease Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2018, among Sprint Spectrum License Holder, LLC, Sprint Spectrum License Holder II LLC and Sprint Spectrum License Holder III LLC, Sprint Communications, Inc., Sprint Intermediate HoldCo LLC, Sprint Intermediate HoldCo II LLC, Sprint Intermediate HoldCo III LLC. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 3/12/2018 10.1 10.25 Second Amendment to Intra-Company Spectrum Lease Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2018, among Sprint Spectrum License Holder, LLC, Sprint Spectrum License Holder II LLC and Sprint Spectrum License Holder III LLC, Sprint Communications, Inc., Sprint Intermediate HoldCo LLC, Sprint Intermediate HoldCo II LLC, Sprint Intermediate HoldCo III LLC, Sprint Corporation and the subsidiary guarantors. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 6/6/2018 10.1 10.26 Guarantee Assumption Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020, by and among Sprint Spectrum License Holder, LLC, Sprint Spectrum License Holder II LLC, Sprint Spectrum License Holder III LLC, T-Mobile, T-Mobile USA and certain subsidiary guarantors. 
 10-Q/A 8/10/2020 10.13 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Included Herewith 10.27 Guarantee Assumption Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2021, by and among Sprint Spectrum License Holder, LLC, Sprint Spectrum License Holder II LLC, Sprint Spectrum License Holder III LLC and certain subsidiary guarantors. 
 10-Q 8/3/2021 10.3 10.28 Master Framework Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2020, by and among SoftBank Group Corp., SoftBank Group Capital Ltd, Delaware Project 4 L.L.C., Delaware Project 6 L.L.C., Claure Mobile LLC, Deutsche Telekom AG, T-Mobile US, Inc. and T-Mobile Agent LLC. 
 8-K 6/26/2020 10.1 10.29 Term Sheet, dated as of June 15, 2022, by and between the Company and DISH Network Corporation. 
 10-Q 7/29/2022 10.1 10.30 License Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2022, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile License LLC and Channel 51 License Co LLC. 
 10-Q 10/27/2022 10.1 10.31 License Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2022, by and among T-Mobile USA, Inc., T-Mobile License LLC and LB License Co, LLC. 
 10-Q 10/27/2022 10.2 10.32 Employment Agreement, effective November 15, 2019, between T-Mobile US, Inc. and Michael Sievert. 
 10-K 2/9/2020 10.61 10.33 Amendment No. 1, dated as of March 26, 2020, to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2019, by and between T-Mobile US, Inc. and G. Michael Sievert. 
 10-Q 5/6/2020 10.6 10.34 Compensation Term Sheet between Neville Ray and T-Mobile US, Inc., effective as of November 15, 2019. 
 10-K 2/6/2020 10.65 10.35 PRSU Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020, by and between T-Mobile US, Inc. and Neville R. Ray. 
 10-Q 5/6/2020 10.4 10.36 Form of Severance Letter Agreement. 
 10-Q 5/1/2018 10.9 10.37 Form of Indemnification and Advancement Agreement. 
 10-K 2/8/2018 10.76 10.38 T-Mobile US, Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Executive Compensation Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2014). 
 10-K 2/25/2014 10.39 10.39 First Amendment to T-Mobile US, Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Executive Compensation Plan 
 
 10-K 2/7/2019 10.75 10.40 Second Amendment to T-Mobile US, Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Executive Compensation Plan. 
 10-K 2/23/2021 10.70 10.41 T-Mobile US, Inc. Executive Continuity Plan as Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2014. 
 8-K 10/25/2013 10.1 10.42 T-Mobile US, Inc. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on August 7, 2013). 
 10-Q 8/8/2013 10.20 10.43 Amendment to T-Mobile US, Inc. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on August 7, 2013). 
 Schedule 14A 4/26/2018 Annex A 10.44 T-Mobile USA, Inc. 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 8/8/2013 10.21 10.45 Annual Incentive Award Notice under the 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 5/4/2021 10.4 10.46 T-Mobile US, Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-8 2/19/2015 99.1 10.47 Sprint Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 8-K (SEC File No. 001-04721) 9/20/2013 10.2 10.48 Sprint Corporation Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-04721) 2/6/2017 10.1 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Included Herewith 10.49 Form of Sprint Corporation Evidence of Award 2014 Long-term Incentive Plan Stock Options. 
 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-04721) 8/8/2014 10.12 10.50 Form of Sprint Corporation Award Agreement (awarding stock options) under the Sprint Corporation 2015 Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-04721) 8/3/2017 10.3 10.51 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Vesting) for Executive Officers under the Sprint Corporation 2015 Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 5/4/2021 10.1 10.52 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Vesting) for Executive Officers under the Sprint Corporation 2015 Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 5/4/2021 10.2 10.53 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Vesting) for Executive Officers under the T-Mobile US, Inc. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 5/6/2020 10.7 10.54 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Vesting) (Stock Settled) for Executive Officers under the T-Mobile US, Inc. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 5/6/2020 10.8 10.55 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the T-Mobile US, Inc. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 8-K 6/4/2013 10.2 10.56 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Vesting) (Cash Settled) for Executive Officers under the T-Mobile US, Inc. 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 5/4/2021 10.3 10.57 Amended Director Compensation Program effective as of May 1, 2013 (amended June 4, 2014 and further amended on June 1, 2015, June 16, 2016, June 13, 2017, June 13, 2019 and June 4, 2020). 
 10-Q/A 8/10/2020 10.30 10.58 Employment Agreement, effective October 11, 2021, between T-Mobile US, Inc. and Mark Nelson. 
 10-Q 5/6/2022 10.1 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant. 
 X 22.1 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 X 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 X 23.2 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 X 24.1 Power of Attorney, pursuant to which amendments to this Form 10-K may be filed (included on the signature page contained in Part IV of the Form 10-K). X 31.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Date of Filing Exhibit Number Included Herewith 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Certain confidential information contained in this exhibit has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm if publicly disclosed. Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Furnished herewith. Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the registrant and its consolidated subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any such instruments. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 T-MOBILE US, INC. February 14, 2023 /s/ G. Michael Sievert G. Michael Sievert Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints G. Michael Sievert and Peter Osvaldik, and each or any of them, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, each acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments or supplements (including post-effective amendments) to this Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of February 14, 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ G. Michael Sievert Chief Executive Officer and G. Michael Sievert Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ Peter Osvaldik Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Peter Osvaldik (Principal Financial Officer) 
 /s/ Dara Bazzano Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Dara Bazzano Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 /s/ Timotheus H ttges Chairman of the Board Timotheus H ttges 
 /s/ Marcelo Claure Director Marcelo Claure 
 /s/ Srikant M. Datar Director Srikant M. Datar 
 /s/ Srinivasan Gopalan Director Srinivasan Gopalan 
 /s/ Bavan Holloway Director Bavan Holloway 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ Christian P. Illek Director Christian P. Illek 
 /s/ Raphael K bler Director Raphael K bler 
 /s/ Thorsten Langheim Director Thorsten Langheim 
 /s/ Dominique Leroy Director Dominique Leroy 
 /s/ Letitia A. Long Director Letitia A. Long 
 /s/ Teresa A. Taylor Director Teresa A. Taylor 
 /s/ Kelvin R. Westbrook Director Kelvin R. Westbrook 
 
 129 

<EX-10.21>
 2
 tmus12312022ex1021.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 10.21

Document 
 Exhibit 10.21 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 DATED AS OF OCTOBER 17, 2022 
 AMONG 
 T-MOBILE USA, INC., 
 AS BORROWER, 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, 
 AND 
 THE LENDERS, SWINGLINE LENDERS AND L C ISSUERS PARTY HERETO, 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC, CITIBANK, N.A., CREDIT SUISSE LOAN FUNDING LLC, DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., RBC CAPITAL MARKETS 1 AND WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, 
 AS JOINT LEAD ARRANGERS AND JOINT BOOKRUNNERS, 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC, CITIBANK, N.A., CREDIT SUISSE LOAN FUNDING LLC, DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., RBC CAPITAL MARKETS 2 AND WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, 
 AS SYNDICATION AGENTS, 
 BANCO SANTANDER, S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, BNP PARIBAS, COMMERZBANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, MIZUHO BANK, LTD., MUFG BANK, LTD., SOCIETE GENERALE, SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH, TRUIST BANK AND U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 AS DOCUMENTATION AGENTS 
 
 1 RBC Capital Markets is a brand name for the capital markets activities of Royal Bank of Canada and its affiliates. 
 2 RBC Capital Markets is a brand name for the capital markets activities of Royal Bank of Canada and its affiliates. 

CONTENTS 
 Page ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 1 
 1.01 Defined Terms 
 1 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 
 56 
 1.03 Accounting Terms 
 57 
 1.04 Rounding 
 58 
 1.05 Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents 
 58 
 1.06 Additional Alternative Currencies 
 59 
 1.07 Change of Currency. 
 60 
 1.08 Times of Day Fiscal Year 
 60 
 1.09 Letter of Credit Amounts 
 61 
 1.10 Timing of Payment or Performance 
 61 
 1.11 Interest Rate Benchmark Notification 
 61 
 1.12 Division 
 61 
 1.13 Limited Condition Transactions 
 62 
 ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 62 
 2.01 Loans 
 62 
 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 
 63 
 2.03 Letters of Credit 
 65 
 2.04 Swingline Loans 
 76 
 2.05 Prepayments 
 79 
 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 
 80 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans 
 80 
 2.08 Interest 
 81 
 2.09 Fees 
 82 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 
 82 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt 
 83 
 2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback 
 83 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 
 85 
 2.14 Cash Collateral 
 86 
 2.15 Defaulting Lenders 
 88 
 2.16 Loan Modification Offers 
 90 
 2.17 Increase in Commitments 
 92 
 2.18 Sustainability Targets. 
 94 
 ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 95 
 3.01 Taxes 
 95 
 3.02 Illegality 
 100 
 3.03 Alternate Rate of Interest 
 101 
 
 i 

3.04 Increased Costs Reserves on Term Benchmark Loans 
 105 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses 
 106 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 
 107 
 3.07 Survival 
 108 
 ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 108 
 4.01 Conditions to Closing Date 
 108 
 4.02 Reserved 
 111 
 4.03 Conditions to all Credit Extensions on and after the Closing Date 
 111 
 ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 112 
 5.01 Corporate Existence, Compliance with Law 
 112 
 5.02 Power Authorization Enforceable Obligations 
 112 
 5.03 No Legal Bar 
 113 
 5.04 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect 
 113 
 5.05 Litigation 
 113 
 5.06 Taxes 
 114 
 5.07 ERISA 
 114 
 5.08 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act 
 115 
 5.09 Patriot Act FCPA OFAC Sanctions 
 115 
 5.10 Solvency 
 116 
 5.11 EEA UK Financial Institutions 
 116 
 5.12 Beneficial Ownership Regulation 
 116 
 ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 116 
 6.01 Financial Statements 
 117 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information 
 117 
 6.03 Notices 
 119 
 6.04 Payment of Taxes 
 119 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 
 119 
 6.06 Compliance with Laws 
 119 
 6.07 Books and Records Inspection Rights 
 119 
 6.08 Use of Proceeds 
 120 
 6.09 Designation of Subsidiaries 
 120 
 ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 120 
 7.01 Liens 
 120 
 7.02 Fundamental Changes 
 122 
 7.03 Sanctions and Anti-Corruption 
 122 
 7.04 Leverage Ratio 
 123 
 ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 123 
 8.01 Events of Default 
 123 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 
 126 
 8.03 Application of Funds 
 127 
 ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 128 
 
 ii 

9.01 Authorization and Action 
 128 
 9.02 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc 
 130 
 9.03 Posting of Communications 
 132 
 9.04 The Administrative Agent Individually 
 133 
 9.05 Successor Administrative Agent 
 134 
 9.06 Acknowledgements of Lenders and L C Issuers 
 135 
 9.07 Erroneous Payments 
 135 
 9.08 Withholding Tax 
 137 
 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 
 137 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc. 
 137 
 10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communication 
 139 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement 
 141 
 10.04 Expenses Indemnity Limitation of Liability Damage Waiver 
 142 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside 
 145 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns 
 145 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality 
 151 
 10.08 Right of Setoff 
 152 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation 
 153 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution 
 153 
 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties 
 155 
 10.12 Severability 
 155 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders 
 155 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc. 
 156 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 157 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 157 
 10.17 Reserved 
 158 
 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act 
 158 
 10.19 Judgment Currency 
 158 
 10.20 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 159 
 10.21 Lender ERISA Representation 
 159 
 10.22 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 161 
 10.23 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 161 
 10.24 Amendment and Restatement 
 163 
 10.25 Release of Subsidiary Guarantors 
 163 
 
 iii 

SCHEDULES 
 1.01(a) Letter of Credit Commitments 1.01(b) Swingline Commitments 1.01(c) Existing Financing Subsidiaries 2.01 Commitments 2.18 Sustainability Table 3.03 Governmental Requirements 3.04 Consents, Approvals, Registrations and Filings 4.01 Legal Opinions 6.09 Unrestricted Subsidiaries 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office Certain Addresses for Notices 
 EXHIBITS A Form of Loan Notice B Form of Solvency Certificate C Form of Note D Form of Assignment and Assumption E-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) E-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) E-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) E-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F Reserved G Form of Notice of Loan Prepayment H Form of Compliance Certificate 
 iv 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of October 17, 2022, among T-Mobile USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), each Lender from time to time party hereto, each Swingline Lender from time to time party hereto, each L C Issuer from time to time party hereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower is party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2020 (as amended, modified and supplemented prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), by and among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Retiring Agent ). 
 WHEREAS, the Retiring Agent desires to resign as Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement). 
 WHEREAS, the Lenders and the Borrower desire to appoint JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. to act as successor Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 WHEREAS, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has agreed to accept its appointment and to serve as the Administrative Agent. 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement to make certain modifications as set forth below. 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested (a) the Lenders to provide Loans, subject to the Commitments, which shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 7,500,000,000, to the Borrower at any time during the Availability Period, (b) the L C Issuers to issue Letters of Credit at any time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not in excess of 1,500,000,000 and (c) the Swingline Lenders to provide Swingline Loans at any time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not in excess of 500,000,000. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I. 
 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 
 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 Accepting Lenders has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 

Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means, with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars for any day, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR for such day plus (b) the applicable Spread Adjustment provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus (b) the applicable Spread Adjustment provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Agent s Office means, with respect to any Agreed Currency, the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 with respect to such Agreed Currency, or such other address or account with respect to such Agreed Currency as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent-Related Person has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(c) . 
 Agency Transfer Agreement means the Agency Resignation, Appointment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as predecessor Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Borrower. 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. 
 Agreed Currencies means U.S. Dollars and each Alternative Currency. 
 Agreement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Agreement Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.19 . 
 Alternative Currency means, Euro, Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Swiss Francs and each other currency (other than U.S. Dollars) that is approved in accordance with Section 1.06 . 
 2 

Ancillary Document has the meaning specified in Section 10.10 . 
 Applicable Parties has the meaning specified in Section 9.03(c) . 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the tenth decimal place) of the Facility represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.15 . If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L C Issuers to make L C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender with respect to the Facility is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 Applicable Rate means, from time to time, the following percentages per annum, based upon the Debt Ratings as set forth below 
 Facility Pricing Level Debt Ratings S&P Moody s Fitch Term Benchmark Loans RFR Loans Base Rate Loans Canadian Prime Rate Loans (if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03) Unused Line Fee 1 BBB+ Baa1 BBB+ 0.875 0.000 0.075 2 BBB Baa2 BBB 1.000 0.000 0.100 3 BBB- Baa3 BBB- 1.125 0.125 0.125 
 For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if only one of S&P, Moody s and Fitch shall have in effect a Debt Rating, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the available rating (b) if none of S&P, Moody s or Fitch shall have in effect a Debt Rating, the Applicable Rate will be set in accordance with pricing level 3 (c) if the ratings established by S&P, Moody s and Fitch fall within different levels, the Applicable Rate shall be based upon the highest rating (with pricing level 1 being the highest and pricing level 3 being the lowest), unless the lowest of such ratings is more than one level below the highest of such ratings, in which case the Applicable Rate shall be the level that is one level lower than the highest of all such ratings (d) if any rating established by S&P, Moody s or Fitch shall be changed, such change shall be effective as of the date on which such change is first announced publicly by the rating agency making such change and (e) if S&P, Moody s or Fitch shall change the basis on which ratings are established, each reference to the Debt Rating announced by S&P, Moody s or Fitch, as the 
 3 

case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent rating by S&P, Moody s or Fitch, as the case may be. 
 Each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Rating shall be effective during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable Rate may be increased or decreased in accordance with Section 1.11 . 
 Applicable Time means, with respect to any Borrowings, L C Credit Extensions and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L C Issuer to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. In advance of the initial issuance of a Letter of Credit in any Alternative Currency, the applicable L C Issuer shall provide the Borrower and the Lenders with written notice of the Applicable Time for any L C Credit Extensions and payments in such Alternative Currency provided , such L C Issuer may, upon written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders delivered at least one Business Day in advance of the effectiveness of any update, update the Applicable Time for L C Credit Extensions and payments in such Alternative Currency. In the event no such notice is delivered by the applicable L C Issuer, the Applicable Time with respect to such L C Credit Extensions or the applicable payments shall be the time specified herein for L C Credit Extensions and payments in U.S. Dollars. 
 Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning specified in Section 9.03(a) . 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity that administers or manages a Lender (or any Affiliate of such entity). 
 Arrangers means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and each other institution listed as a joint lead arranger on the cover hereto, each in their capacity as joint lead arrangers. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b) ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit D or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Assignment Threshold means, with respect to any assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender, that the aggregate amount of Loans and Commitments held by such Lender, its Affiliates and Approved Funds collectively is in excess of 15.0 of the Aggregate Commitments. 
 Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii) . 
 4 

Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (c) the date of termination in whole of the commitments of all Lenders to make Loans and of the obligation of all L C Issuers to make L C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.03(b)(iv) . 
 Bail-In Action means, as to any Affected Financial Institution, the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of such Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their Affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bankruptcy Law means the United States Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C. Section 1.1 et seq. or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 
 Base Rate means for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 1 2 of 1 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 . For purposes of clause (c) above, the Adjusted Term SOFR on any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology) provided that if such Adjusted Term SOFR shall be less than 0.00 , such Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be 0.00 . Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the NYFRB Rate, the Prime Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the NYFRB Rate, the Prime Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR, as the case may be. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 3.03(b)) , then for purposes of clause (c) 
 5 

above the Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be zero. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Base Rate Borrowing means any Borrowing comprised of Base Rate Loans. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. All Base Rate Loans shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any Loan denominated in any Agreed Currency, the Relevant Rate for Loans denominated in such Agreed Currency provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.03(b)(i). 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in clause (2) below 
 (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR and 
 (2) the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of a then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (a) any 
 6 

selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate , the definition of Business Day , the definition of Interest Period , the definition of RFR Business Day , the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of the applicable Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
 7 

determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clause (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such 
 8 

then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03(b) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03(b) . 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(b) . 
 Board of Directors means 
 (a) with respect to a corporation or exempted company, the board of directors of the corporation or exempted company or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board 
 (b) with respect to a partnership, the board of directors or managing member of the general partner of the partnership 
 (c) with respect to a limited liability company, the manager, managing member or members or any controlling committee of managing members thereof and 
 (d) with respect to any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function. 
 Bookrunners means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and each other institution listed as a joint bookrunner on the cover hereto, each in their capacity as joint bookrunners. 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Borrowing means (a) a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type and in the same Agreed Currency under the Facility, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, having the same Interest Period or (b) a Swingline Loan. 
 Borrowing Minimum means (a) in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, US 500,000, (b) in the case of a Borrowing of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, US 1,000,000 and (c) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency, the smallest amount of such Alternative Currency that is a multiple of 500,000 units of such Alternative Currency and that has a U.S. Dollar Equivalent of US 1,000,000 or more. 
 Borrowing Multiple means (a) in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, US 100,000, (b) in the case of a Borrowing of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, US 500,000 and (c) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in any Alternative 
 9 

Currency, the smallest amount of such Alternative Currency that is a multiple of 500,000 units of such Alternative Currency and that has a U.S. Dollar Equivalent of US 500,000 or more. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks are authorized to remain closed under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, New York City, New York provided that (a) when used in relation to Loans denominated in Euro or in relation to the calculation or computation of the EURIBO Rate, such day shall also be a TARGET Day, (b) when used in relation to Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars or in relation to the calculation or computation of the CDO Rate, such day shall also be a day on which banks are open for business in Toronto and (c) when used in relation to any RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Alternative Currency of such RFR Loan, such day shall also be an RFR Business Day. 
 Canadian Dollar and C mean the lawful money of Canada. 
 Canadian Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10 15 a.m. Toronto time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information services that publishes such index from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (ii) the average rate for thirty (30) day Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such page or screen, on any successor or substitute page or screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) at 10 15 a.m. Toronto time on such day, plus 1 per annum provided , that if any of the above referenced rates shall result in the Canadian Prime Rate being less than 1.00 , the Canadian Prime Rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or CDOR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or CDOR, respectively. 
 Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing means, if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03 , any Borrowing comprised of Canadian Prime Rate Loans. 
 Canadian Prime Rate Loan means, if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03 , a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Canadian Prime Rate. 
 Captive Insurance Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Borrower that bears financial risk or exposure relating to insurance or reinsurance activities and any segregated accounts associated with any such Person. 
 Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the L C Issuers or Lenders, as collateral for L C Obligations or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect of L C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the applicable L C Issuer shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in 
 10 

form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L C Issuer. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
 Cash Equivalents 
 (a) United States dollars, pounds sterling, euros, Canadian dollars, Swiss francs, the national currency of any member state of the European Union or any other foreign currencies held by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries from time to time in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the government of the United States of America, Canada, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or any country that is a member of the European Union or any agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or the relevant member state of the European Union, as the case may be, is pledged in support of those securities) having maturities of not more than two years from the date of acquisition 
 (c) demand deposits, certificates of deposit and eurodollar time deposits with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition, bankers acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits, in each case, with any domestic commercial bank having capital and surplus in excess of 250.0 million, in the case of U.S. banks, and 100.0 million (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof), in the case of non-U.S. banks 
 (d) repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (b) and (c) above entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (c) above 
 (e) commercial paper having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from a Rating Agency at the date of acquisition and, in each case, maturing within one year after the date of acquisition 
 (f) securities issued and fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, Canada, any country that is a member of the European Union, the United Kingdom or Switzerland or by any political subdivision or agency or instrumentality of the foregoing, rated at least A (or the equivalent thereof) by a Rating Agency at the date of acquisition and having maturities of not more than two years after the date of acquisition 
 (g) auction rate securities rated at least AA- or Aa3 (or the equivalent thereof) by a Rating Agency at the time of purchase and with reset dates of one year or less from the time of purchase 
 (h) investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in money market funds, mutual funds or investment programs registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, at least 90 of the 
 11 

portfolios of which constitute investments of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a) through (g) of this definition 
 (i) any substantially similar investment to the kinds described in clauses (a) through (g) of this definition rated at least P-2 by Moody s or A-2 by S&P or the equivalent thereof and 
 (j) deposits or payments made to the FCC in connection with the auction or licensing of Governmental Authorizations that are fully refundable. 
 CDO Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars for any Interest Period (or, for the purpose of determining the Canadian Prime Rate as at any date, a term of one month), the CDO Screen Rate (rounded if necessary to the nearest 1 100 of 1.00 (with 0.005 being rounded up)) at approximately 10 15 a.m., Toronto time, on the first day of such Interest Period (as adjusted by the Administrative Agent after 10 15 a.m., Toronto time, to reflect any error in the posted rate of the interest or in the posted average annual rate of interest). 
 CDO Screen Rate means a rate per annum equal to the average rate applicable to Canadian bankers acceptances denominated in Canadian Dollars for the applicable period, as displayed on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page as defined in the International Swap Dealer Association, Inc. definitions, as modified or amended from time to time (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a page of the Reuters screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) provided that if the CDO Screen Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 CDOR Borrowing means any Borrowing comprised of CDOR Loans. 
 CDOR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the CDO Rate. 
 CFC means a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in 
 12 

Law, to the extent enacted, adopted or issued after the date of this Agreement, but only to the extent such rules, regulations, or published interpretations or directives are applied to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in substantially the same manner as applied to other similarly situated borrowers under comparable syndicated credit facilities, including, without limitation, for purposes of Section 3.04 . 
 Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following 
 (a) Parent becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote, written notice or otherwise) the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Equity Interests of Parent (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), other than the Permitted Holders, in a single transaction or in a related series of transactions, by way of merger, consolidation or other business combination or purchase, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of more than 50 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote for the election of directors of Parent having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of Parent, unless the Permitted Holders otherwise have the right (pursuant to contract, proxy or otherwise), directly or indirectly, to designate or appoint directors of Parent having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of Parent or 
 (b) the Borrower shall cease to be a direct or indirect subsidiary of Parent. 
 Notwithstanding the preceding or any provision of Section 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, (i) a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Stock (x) subject to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Voting Stock in connection with the transactions contemplated by such agreement or (y) as a result of veto or approval rights in any joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement or other similar agreement, (ii) if any group includes one or more Permitted Holders, the issued and outstanding Voting Stock of Parent owned, directly or indirectly, by any Permitted Holders that are part of such group shall not be treated as being beneficially owned by such group or any other member of such group for purposes of determining whether a Change of Control has occurred and (iii) a Person or group will not be deemed to beneficially own the Voting Stock of another Person as a result of its ownership of Voting Stock or other securities of such other Person s Parent Entity (or related contractual rights) unless it owns more than 50 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote for the election of directors of such Parent Entity having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of such Parent Entity. 
 Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a (a) Change of Control and (b) Rating Decline. 
 Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 ). 
 13 

CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 and (b) purchase participations in L C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the U.S. Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. On the Closing Date, the initial aggregate amount of Commitments was 7,500,000,000. 
 Commitment Increases has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a) . 
 Commonly Controlled Entity means an entity, whether or not incorporated, that is under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA or is part of a group that includes the Borrower and that is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m) or (o) of Section 414 of the Code. 
 Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 9.03 , including through an Approved Electronic Platform. 
 Company Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Competitor has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(b)(vi) . 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate duly executed by a Financial Officer, substantially in the form of Exhibit H . 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, with respect to any specified Person for any period, the Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period, plus , without duplication 
 (a) provision for taxes based on income or profits of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, to the extent that such provision for taxes was deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income plus 
 (b) the Consolidated Interest Expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, to the extent that such Consolidated Interest Expense was deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income plus 
 14 

(c) depreciation, amortization (including, non-cash impairment charges and any write-off or write-down or amortization of intangibles) and other non-cash expenses or charges (excluding any such non-cash expense to the extent that it represents an ordinary course accrual of or reserve for cash expense in any future period or amortization of any ordinary course prepaid cash expense that was paid in a prior period) of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period to the extent that such depreciation, amortization and other non-cash expenses or charges were deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income plus 
 (d) any nonrecurring or unusual gains or losses or income, expenses or charges (including all fees and expenses relating thereto), including (i) any fees, expenses and costs relating to any Permitted Tower Financing or any Permitted Spectrum Financing, (ii) any fees, expenses (including legal and professional expenses) or charges (not covered under sub-clause (iv) below) related to any sale or offering of Equity Interests of such Person or Parent or any investment, acquisition, disposition, dividend, distribution, return of capital, recapitalization or the incurrence of any Indebtedness not prohibited from being be incurred hereunder, including refinancing thereof or the offering, amendment or modification of any debt instrument (in each case, whether or not successful and whether or not incurred prior to the Closing Date), (iii) any premium, penalty or fee paid in relation to any repayment, prepayment or repurchase of Indebtedness, (iv) any fees or expenses relating to the Transactions, the Sprint Acquisition Transactions and the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, including any fees, expenses or charges related to any Commitment Increases, Loan Modification Offers or any other amendment or modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (in each case, whether or not successful) and (v) restructuring charges, integration costs (including retention, relocation and contract termination costs) and related costs and charges, and costs in connection with strategic initiatives, transition costs and information systems-related costs (including non-recurring employee bonuses in connection therewith and non-recurring product and Intellectual Property development costs) plus 
 (e) losses or discounts on sales of Permitted Receivables Financing Assets in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing plus 
 (f) the amount of installment payments for IP transit services paid in connection with the Wireline Sale, in an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) 350,000,000 during the first year after the closing of the Wireline Sale and (ii) 350,000,000 over the subsequent forty-two months plus 
 (g) the run rate expected cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and initiatives, restructuring charges and expenses and synergies that are reasonably identifiable, factually supportable and expected in good faith to be realized as a result of actions with respect to which substantial steps have been taken, will be, or are expected in good faith to be, taken within 24 months after the date of any acquisition, disposition, divestiture, restructuring, other operational changes or the implementation of a cost savings or other similar initiative, as applicable (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and initiatives, restructuring charges and expenses and synergies had been realized on the first day of such 
 15 

period as if such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and initiatives, restructuring charges and expenses and synergies were realized during the entirety of such period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions provided that (A) such actions or substantial steps have been, will be or are expected to be taken within 24 months after (x) if such cost savings, expense reductions, charge, expense, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring or initiative is initiated on or prior to the Closing Date, the Closing Date or (y) if such cost savings, expense reductions, charge, expense, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, other operational changes or initiative is initiated after the Closing Date, the date on which such cost savings, expense reductions, charge, expense, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring other operational changes or initiative is initiated and (B) no cost savings, operating expense reductions, restructuring charges and expense or synergies shall be added pursuant to this defined term to the extent duplicative of any expenses or charges otherwise added to Consolidated EBITDA, whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, for such period (which adjustments may be incremental to pro forma adjustments made pursuant to the definition of Leverage Ratio provided , further , that the aggregate amount added back pursuant to this clause (g) and clause (h) below (excluding addbacks for restructuring and other one-time costs) shall not cumulatively exceed 25 of Consolidated EBITDA for any Test Period (with such calculation being made prior to giving effect to any increase pursuant to this clause (g) and clause (h) below) plus 
 (h) in addition to (but not in duplication of) clause (g) above, the run rate expected cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and initiatives, restructuring charges and expenses and synergies related to the Sprint Acquisition Transactions that are reasonably identifiable, factually supportable and expected in good faith to be realized as a result of actions with respect to which substantial steps have been taken, will be, or are expected in good faith to be, taken within 36 months after the Original Closing Date (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and initiatives, restructuring charges and expenses and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period as if such cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements and initiatives, restructuring charges and expenses and synergies were realized during the entirety of such period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions (which actions may be incremental to pro forma adjustments made pursuant to the definition of Leverage Ratio provided, further that the aggregate amount added back pursuant to this clause (h) and clause (g) above (excluding addbacks for restructuring and other one-time costs) shall not cumulatively exceed 25 of Consolidated EBITDA for any Test Period (with such calculation being made prior to giving effect to any increase pursuant to this clause (h) and clause (g) above) minus 
 (i) non-cash items increasing such Consolidated Net Income for such period, other than the accrual of revenue in the ordinary course of business, in each case, on a consolidated basis and determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 16 

Consolidated Interest Expense means with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of, without duplication 
 (a) the consolidated interest expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or accrued (including amortization of debt issuance costs or original issue discount, non-cash interest payments, the interest component of any deferred payment obligations, the interest component of all payments associated with Financing Lease Obligations, commissions, discounts and other fees and charges incurred in respect of letter of credit or bankers acceptance financings, and net of payments (if any) pursuant to Hedging Obligations) plus 
 (b) reserved plus 
 (c) any interest expense on that portion of Indebtedness of another Person that is guaranteed by such Person or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries or secured by a Lien on assets of such Person or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries (whether or not such guarantee or Lien is called upon) plus 
 (d) the product of (x) all dividend payments on any series of preferred stock of such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, times (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is one minus the then-current combined federal, state and local statutory tax rate of such Person, expressed as a decimal 
 in each case, on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP excluding, however, (i) any amount of such interest of any Restricted Subsidiary of the referent Person if the net income of such Restricted Subsidiary is excluded in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clause (b) of the definition thereof (but only in the same proportion as the net income of such Restricted Subsidiary is excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clause (b) of the definition thereof), (ii) annual agency fees paid to the administrative agents and collateral agents or similar agents under this Agreement or other credit facilities, (iii) any additional interest with respect to failure to comply with any registration rights agreement owing with respect to any securities, (iv) costs associated with obtaining Swap Contracts, (v) any expense resulting from the discounting of any Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization accounting or, if applicable, purchase accounting in connection with the Transactions or any acquisition, (vi) penalties and interest relating to taxes, (vii) any additional interest or liquidated damages with respect to other securities for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, (viii) amortization or expensing of deferred financing fees, amendment and consent fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees, expenses and discounted liabilities and any other amounts of non-cash interest, (ix) any expensing of bridge, commitment and other financing fees and any other fees related to the Transactions or any acquisitions after the Closing Date, (x) any accretion of accrued interest on discounted liabilities and any prepayment premium or penalty, (xi) interest expense attributable to a parent entity resulting from push-down accounting, and (xii) any lease, rental or other expense in connection with a non-financing lease. 
 17 

Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to any specified Person for any period, the aggregate of the Net Income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with GAAP provided that 
 (a) the positive Net Income of any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting will be included only to the extent of the amount of dividends or similar distributions paid in cash to the specified Person or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Person 
 (b) reserved 
 (c) the effect of a change in accounting principles or in the application thereof (including any change to IFRS and any cumulative effect adjustment), in each case, will be excluded 
 (d) unrealized losses and gains attributable to Hedging Obligations, including those resulting from the application of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 815, will be excluded 
 (e) any non-cash compensation charge or expense realized from grants of stock, stock appreciation or similar rights, stock option or other rights to officers, directors and employees will be excluded 
 (f) all extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring charges, gains and losses including, without limitation, all restructuring costs, severance costs, one-time compensation charges, transition costs, facilities consolidation, closing or relocation costs, costs incurred in connection with any acquisition prior to or after the Closing Date (including integration costs), including all fees, commissions, expenses and other similar charges of accountants, attorneys, brokers and other financial advisors related thereto and cash severance payments made in connection with acquisitions, and any expense or charge related to the repurchase of capital stock or warrants or options to purchase capital stock, will be excluded 
 (g) any fees and expenses, including prepayment premiums and similar amounts, incurred during such period, or any amortization thereof for such period, in connection with any equity issuance, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization, investment, asset sale, issuance or repayment of Indebtedness (including any issuance of notes), financing transaction or amendment or modification of any debt instrument (including, in each case, any such transaction undertaken but not completed), will be excluded 
 (h) any gains and losses from any early extinguishment of Indebtedness will be excluded 
 (i) any gains and losses from any redemption or repurchase premiums paid with respect to Indebtedness will be excluded and 
 18 

(j) any write-off or amortization of deferred financing costs (including the amortization of original issue discount) associated with Indebtedness will be excluded. 
 Consolidated Net Indebtedness means, as of any time of determination, (a) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and guaranty obligations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Indebtedness minus (b) all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries provided that Consolidated Net Indebtedness shall not include (x) non-recourse debt in respect of securitization transactions, including Indebtedness incurred in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing, Permitted Tower Financing, Permitted Spectrum Financing or other special purpose entity financing, (y) obligations in respect of letters of credit (including Letters of Credit), except to the extent of unreimbursed amounts thereunder or (z) Indebtedness constituting Financing Lease Obligations, purchase money debt or other similar Indebtedness. 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries means, with respect to any Person, each other Person (whether now existing or hereafter created or acquired) the financial statements of which shall be (or should have been) consolidated with the financial statements of such first Person in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Total Assets means, with respect to any Person, the consolidated total assets of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries as set forth on the most recent balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP, as determined on a pro forma basis for acquisitions, dispositions and Pro Forma Transactions. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Covered Entity has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(b) . 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(a) . 
 Credit Extension means each of the following (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L C Credit Extension. 
 Crown Towers Transaction Agreements means (i) the Master Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2012 (as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time) among the Borrower, Crown Castle International Corp., a Delaware corporation, and certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower and (ii) each of the other transaction documents entered into in 
 19 

connection therewith or contemplated thereby, as they may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
 Daily Simple SARON means, for any day (a SARON Interest Day with respect to any Loan denominated in Swiss Francs, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SARON for the day that is five RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SARON Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such SARON Interest Day or (ii) if such SARON Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SARON Interest Day and (b) zero. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Interest Day with respect to any Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars, a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day that is five RFR Business Days prior to (a) if such SOFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Interest Day or (b) if such SOFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Interest Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator Website. 
 Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing means, if available pursuant to Section 3.03 , any Borrowing comprised of Daily Simple SOFR Loans. 
 Daily Simple SOFR Loan means, if available pursuant to Section 3.03 , a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. 
 Daily Simple SONIA means, for any day (a SONIA Interest Day with respect to any Loan denominated in Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SONIA for the day that is five RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SONIA Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such SONIA Interest Day or (ii) if such SONIA Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Interest Day and (b) zero. 
 Debt Rating means, as of any date of determination, the rating as determined by the applicable Rating Agency of the Borrower s non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt that (x) was issued or incurred on or after April 9, 2020, (y) is guaranteed by the same guarantors that guarantee the Facility and (z) includes covenants not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, to the Borrower and any restricted subsidiaries than the covenants set forth in that certain indenture dated September 15, 2022, between Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, and T-Mobile USA, Inc., as the issuer, and T-Mobile US, Inc., as a guarantor provided that if no such rating exists on such date of determination, the Debt Rating for the applicable Rating Agency shall be the corporate rating of the Rated Entity issued by such Rating Agency. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means Title 11, U.S. Code or any similar federal, foreign or state law for the relief of debtors. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 20 

Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Loans that are Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2 per annum provided , however , that with respect to a Term Benchmark Loan, an RFR Loan or, in each case, any interest thereon, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2 per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate applicable to Loans that are Term Benchmark Loans plus 2 per annum. 
 Default Right has the meaning specified Section 10.23(b) . 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.15(b) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Swingline Lender, any L C Issuer or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Swingline Lender or any L C Issuer, as applicable, in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, other than via an Undisclosed Administration, (i) become the subject of (A) a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or (B) a Bail-In Action, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective 
 21 

date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.15(b) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the Swingline Lenders, the L C Issuers and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
 disposition or dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction or by means of a plan of division under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any comparable transaction under any similar law) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 Disqualified Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(b)(vi) . 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 DT means Deutsche Telekom AG, an Aktiengesellschaft organized and existing under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iv) and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iv) ). 
 Environmental Laws means any and all Governmental Requirements pertaining in any way to health, safety, pollution, the environment or the preservation or reclamation of natural 
 22 

resources, in effect at any time, including those relating to the manufacture, generation, handling, transport, storage, treatment, Release or threat of Release of Hazardous Materials. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person (other than, prior to the date of conversion, Indebtedness that is convertible into Equity Interests) or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 ERISA Affiliate means each trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which, together with Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, would (at any relevant time) be deemed to be a single employer within the meaning of section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA or subsections (b), (c), (m) or (o) of section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event, (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower, a Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from a Plan during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA, (c) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Plan or the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under section 4041 of ERISA, (d) the institution of proceedings to terminate a Plan by the PBGC, (e) receipt of a notice of withdrawal liability pursuant to Section 4202 of ERISA or (f) any other event or condition which would be reasonably likely to constitute grounds under section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan. 
 ESG Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(a) . 
 ESG Pricing Provisions has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(b) . 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euro for any Interest Period, the EURIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11 00 a.m., Brussels time, two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 
 EURIBO Screen Rate means a rate per annum equal to the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Market Institute (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for the applicable period, as displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on the Reuters screen page that displays such rate (currently EURIBOR01) (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a page of the Reuters 
 23 

screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) provided that if the EURIBO Screen Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 EURIBOR Borrowing means any Borrowing comprised of EURIBOR Loans. 
 EURIBOR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the EURIBO Rate. 
 Euro and mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 
 Excluded Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Parent that is, at any time of determination, (i) not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, (ii) an Immaterial Subsidiary, (iii) a Foreign Subsidiary, (iv) a Domestic Subsidiary that is (x) a FSHCO or (y) a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC, (v) an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (vi) a not-for-profit Subsidiary, (vii) a Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (viii) a special purpose securitization vehicle (or similar entity), including any Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiary, any Permitted Spectrum Financing Subsidiary or any Permitted Tower Financing Subsidiary, or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (ix) prohibited from guaranteeing the Obligations by any applicable law (including financial assistance, fraudulent conveyance, preference, thin capitalization or other similar laws or regulations) or by any contractual requirement existing on the Closing Date or on the date of the acquisition of such Subsidiary or the date such Subsidiary became a Restricted Subsidiary (not created in contemplation of such acquisition or of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a Restricted Subsidiary) (and for so long as such restriction or any replacement or renewal thereof is in effect), including any requirement to obtain the consent, approval, license or authorization of a Governmental Authority or third party (other than a Loan Party or Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary) (unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained), (x) reserved , (xi) with respect to which the provision of a guarantee would, in the reasonable good faith determination of the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent, be expected to result in materially adverse tax or regulatory consequences to the Borrower, Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries or (xii) with respect to which the Borrower and the Administrative Agent reasonably agree that the cost or other consequences of providing a guarantee is likely to be excessive in relation to the value to be afforded thereby provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Borrower may in its sole discretion designate any Excluded Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Guarantor (and shall cause such Subsidiary to become party to the Guarantee Agreement) and may, thereafter, re-designate such Subsidiary as an Excluded Subsidiary (so long as such Subsidiary otherwise then qualifies as an Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to any of clauses (i) through (xii) above), upon which re-designation such Subsidiary shall automatically be released from its guarantee in accordance with Section 10.25(c) provided that, in the case of any designation (or re-designation) of any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Guarantor, (x) the jurisdiction of such Subsidiary 
 24 

shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) the Administrative Agent shall have received at least 3 Business Days prior to such Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary Guarantor, all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities with respect to such Subsidiary under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent at least 10 Business Days prior to such Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary Guarantor and (ii) no Subsidiary of Parent that provides a guarantee of the Existing T-Mobile Notes shall constitute an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 Exchange Rate means on any day, for purposes of determining the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any Alternative Currency, the rate at which such Alternative Currency may be exchanged into U.S. Dollars at the time of determination on such day as last provided (either by publication or as may otherwise be provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (determined based on New York City time) immediately preceding such day of determination (or, if a Reuters source ceases to be available or Reuters ceases to provide such rate of exchange, as last provided by such other publicly available information service that provides such rate of exchange at such time as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion). 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any L C Issuer or any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of an L C Issuer or a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Recipient with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit Commitment or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such L C Issuer or Lender acquires such interest in the Letter of Credit Commitment or Commitment, as applicable (or, to the extent such L C Issuer or Lender, as applicable, did not issue a Letter of Credit or fund an applicable Loan pursuant to a prior Letter of Credit Commitment or Commitment, as applicable, on the date on which such L C Issuer or Lender, as applicable, acquires its interest in such Letter of Credit or Loan, as applicable), other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 3.06(b) or (ii) such L C Issuer or Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a) or (c) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such L C Issuer s or Lender s assignor immediately before such L C Issuer or Lender, as applicable, acquired the applicable interest in such Letter of Credit, Loan or Commitment or to such L C Issuer or Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) or (f), as applicable, (d) any Taxes imposed under FATCA and (e) any U.S. backup withholding Taxes imposed under Section 3406 of the Code. For purposes of clause (b)(i) of this definition, a participation acquired pursuant to Section 2.13 shall be treated as having been acquired on the date(s) on which the applicable L C Issuer or Lender acquired the applicable interests in the Letter of Credit Commitments, Commitments or Loans to which such participation relates. 
 25 

Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 Existing Receivables Financing Subsidiaries means each Subsidiary designated as an Existing Receivables Financing Subsidiary on Schedule 1.01(c) hereof, together with their successors and assigns and any Subsidiary of the foregoing. 
 Existing Sprint Spectrum Financing Documents means the Existing Sprint Spectrum Notes, the Existing Sprint Spectrum Indenture, the Initial Spectrum Performance Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2016, among certain of the Existing Sprint Spectrum Subsidiaries, Sprint Communications LLC (formerly Sprint Communications, Inc.) and the other parties thereto, each Transaction Document (as defined in the Existing Sprint Spectrum Indenture) and each other document related thereto, in each case as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Existing Sprint Spectrum Indenture means the Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2016, by and among Sprint Spectrum Co LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co II LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co III LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including as supplemented with respect to each series of Existing Sprint Spectrum Notes. 
 Existing Sprint Spectrum Issuers means Sprint Spectrum Co LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co II LLC, Sprint Spectrum Co III LLC and their successors and assigns. 
 Existing Sprint Spectrum Notes means the Existing Sprint Spectrum Issuers Series 2018-1 4.738 Senior Secured Notes, Class A-1, Series 2018-1 5.152 Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2, Series 2016-1 3.360 Senior Secured Notes, Class A-1, and any other note or series of notes issued under the Existing Sprint Spectrum Indenture from time to time. 
 Existing Sprint Spectrum Subsidiaries means each Subsidiary designated as an Existing Sprint Spectrum Subsidiary on Schedule 1.01(c) hereof, together with their successors and assigns and any Subsidiary of the foregoing. 
 Existing Sprint Spectrum Transaction means the transactions contemplated by the Existing Sprint Spectrum Financing Documents, including the issuance of any Existing Sprint Spectrum Notes. 
 Existing T-Mobile Notes means the senior notes issued by the Borrower and outstanding as of the Closing Date. 
 Existing Tower Financing Subsidiaries means each Subsidiary designated as an Existing Tower Financing Subsidiary on Schedule 1.01(c) hereof, together with their successors and assigns and any Subsidiary of the foregoing. 
 Facility means the Commitments, the Loans and the L C Obligations. 
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 26 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version described above), and any intergovernmental agreements (and any related law, regulations, or other official guidance enacted in a non-U.S. jurisdiction) implementing the foregoing. 
 FCC means the United States Federal Communications Commission and any successor agency that is responsible for regulating the United States telecommunications industry. 
 FCC Licenses means all licenses or permits now or hereafter issued by the FCC. 
 FCPA means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate provided that if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor thereto). 
 Financial Officer means, with respect to any Person, the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, director of treasury, controller or other similar officer of such Person or, in the absence of the foregoing, a director, manager or similar officer of such Person. 
 Financing Lease Obligation means, at the time any determination is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a financing lease that would at that time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Fitch means Fitch Ratings, a business segment of Fitch Group, Inc. and its successors. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to any applicable Benchmark. 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to any L C Issuer or Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of (a) the Outstanding Amount of all outstanding L C Obligations relating to such L C Issuer other than L 
 27 

C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Swingline Lender outstanding at such time. 
 FSHCO means any Subsidiary of Parent that owns no material assets (directly or through Subsidiaries) other than Equity Interests (or Equity Interests and Indebtedness) in one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect on the date of any calculation or determination required under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) at any time, the Borrower may elect to apply IFRS accounting principles in lieu of GAAP and, upon any such election, references herein to GAAP or parts of the Accounting Standards Codification or ASC shall thereafter be construed to mean IFRS (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement) and (ii) the Borrower, on any date may elect to establish that GAAP shall mean GAAP as in effect on such date provided that any such election, once made, shall be irrevocable provided , further that any calculation or determination in this Agreement that requires the application of GAAP for periods that include fiscal quarters ended prior to the Borrower s election to apply IFRS shall remain as previously calculated or determined in accordance with GAAP. The Borrower shall give notice of any such election made in accordance with this definition to the Administrative Agent. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state, local or otherwise, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Governmental Authorization means any permit, license, authorization, plan, directive, consent, permission, consent order or consent decree of or from any Governmental Authority, including but not limited to FCC Licenses. 
 Governmental Requirement means any applicable law, treaty, statute, code, ordinance, order, determination, rule, regulation, common law, judgment, decree, injunction, franchise, Governmental Authorization, certificate, or other directive or requirement, whether now or hereinafter in effect. 
 guarantee means a guarantee other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business, direct or indirect, in any manner including by way of a pledge of assets or through letters of credit or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof, of all or any part of any Indebtedness (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or 
 28 

by agreements to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take or pay or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise) provided , however , that the term guarantee shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or customary indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any guarantee of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation (or portion thereof) in respect of which such guarantee is made and (b) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such guarantee, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such guarantee shall be such guaranteeing person s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Borrower in good faith. 
 Guarantee Agreement means the Amended and Restated Guarantee Agreement, dated the date hereof, by and among the Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent, which amends and restates that certain Guarantee Agreement, dated as of the Original Closing Date, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof. 
 Guarantee Release Event means, in the case of any Subsidiary Guarantor, the first date on which, immediately following the release of each such Guarantor s guarantee under the Facility and any concurrent releases of other guarantees by such Subsidiary Guarantor, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors and not Excluded Subsidiaries that would remain incurred or issued and outstanding would not exceed 2,000,000,000. 
 Guarantor Obligations has the meaning specified in the Guarantee Agreement. 
 Guarantors means Parent and each Subsidiary Guarantor provided that upon the release or discharge of any Subsidiary Guarantor from its Guarantor Obligations in accordance with Section 10.25 and the terms of the Guarantee Agreement, such Person shall cease to be a Guarantor. 
 Hazardous Materials means (i) petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and explosive or radioactive substances or (ii) any chemical, material, waste, substance or pollutant that is prohibited, limited or regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Hedging Obligations means, with respect to any specified Person, the obligations of such Person under Swap Contracts. 
 Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 29 

IFRS means the international accounting standards promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board and its predecessors, as adopted by the European Union, as in effect from time to time. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that at any time has Consolidated Total Assets accounting for less than 2.50 of the Borrower s Consolidated Total Assets provided that the aggregate Consolidated Total Assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries shall not at any time exceed 5.00 of the Borrower s Consolidated Total Assets. 
 Increase Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(d) . 
 Incremental Arranger has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(b) . 
 Incremental Facility Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(f) . 
 Indebtedness means, with respect to any specified Person, without duplication, 
 (a) any indebtedness of such Person (excluding accrued expenses and trade payables), whether or not contingent 
 (i) in respect of borrowed money 
 (ii) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments 
 (iii) in respect of letters of credit (or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof) or banker s acceptances 
 (iv) representing Financing Lease Obligations 
 (v) representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property or services due more than six months after such property is acquired or such services are completed, except any such balance that constitutes an accrued expense or a trade payable or escrow for obligations, including indemnity obligations or 
 (vi) representing any Hedging Obligations and 
 (b) any financial liabilities recorded in respect of the upfront proceeds received in connection with the Towers Transactions, 
 in each case, if and only to the extent any of the preceding items (other than letters of credit and Hedging Obligations) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of the specified Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, the term Indebtedness includes all Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien on any asset of the specified Person (whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by the specified Person) and, to the extent not otherwise included, the guarantee by the specified Person of any Indebtedness of any other Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following shall not constitute Indebtedness (1) accrued expenses and trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business (2) any indebtedness that has been 
 30 

defeased in accordance with GAAP or defeased pursuant to the deposit of cash or Cash Equivalents (in an amount sufficient to satisfy all obligations relating thereto at maturity or redemption, as applicable, including all payments of interest and premium, if any) in a trust, escrow or account created or pledged for the sole benefit of the holders of such indebtedness, and in accordance with the other applicable terms of the instrument governing such indebtedness (3) any obligation arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business (4) any obligation arising from any agreement providing for indemnities, guarantees, escrows, purchase price adjustments, holdbacks, contingency payment obligations based on the performance of the acquired or disposed assets or similar obligations (other than guarantees of Indebtedness) incurred by any Person in connection with the acquisition or disposition of assets (5) Standard Securitization Undertakings and obligations incurred by a Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiary in a Permitted Receivables Financing that is not recourse to Parent, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries other than (A) one or more Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiaries and (B) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings (6) accruals for payroll and other liabilities accrued in the ordinary course of business (7) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller (8) all intercompany liabilities among the Borrower and or the Restricted Subsidiaries having a term not exceed 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business and (9) any operating lease that must be recognized on the balance sheet of such Person as a lease liability and right-of-use asset in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board Update No. 2016-02, dated February 2016 (Leases (Topic 842)), which adopts Accounting Standards Codification 842. 
 The amount of any Indebtedness outstanding as of any date will be (a) the accreted value of the Indebtedness, in the case of any Indebtedness issued with original issue discount, (b) in the case of Hedging Obligations, the termination value of the agreement or arrangement giving rise to such obligations that would be payable (giving effect to netting) by such Person at such time, (c) the principal amount of the Indebtedness, in the case of any other Indebtedness and (d) in respect of Indebtedness of another Person secured by a Lien on the assets of the specified Person, the lesser of (i) the fair market value of such assets at the date of determination and (ii) the amount of the Indebtedness of the other Person. 
 Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means Indebtedness described under clauses (a)(i) and (a)(ii) of the definition thereof. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) , Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 Initial Intra-Company Spectrum Lease Agreement means the Intra-Company Spectrum Lease Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2016, by and among, inter alia, various SpectrumCo1 
 31 

entities, as lessors, Sprint Communications, LLC (formerly Sprint Communications, Inc.), as lessee, Sprint Corporation and the other guarantors party thereto (as amended from time to time). 
 Initial Spectrum Performance Agreement means the SCI Payment and Performance Undertaking Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2016, between Sprint Communications, Inc., Sprint LLC (formerly Sprint Corporation), the other grantors party thereto, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (as amended from time to time). 
 Intellectual Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, state, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including copyrights, copyright licenses, patents, patent licenses, trademarks, trademark licenses, service marks, trade dress, domain names, technology, know-how and processes, recipes, formulas, trade secrets and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any infringement or other impairment thereof, including the right to receive all proceeds and damages therefrom. 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date provided , however , that if any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates (b) as to any Base Rate Loan or, if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03, any Canadian Prime Rate Loan, (i) for interest accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, and (ii) the Maturity Date (c) as to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the date of the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and the Maturity Date and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means, as to each Term Benchmark Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term Benchmark Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Loan and ending on the date that is one, two (solely in the case of Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars), three or six (other than in the case of Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars) months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Loan Notice, or such other period that is twelve months or less as is requested by the Borrower and consented to by all the Lenders provided that 
 (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of an Interest Period of one month or longer, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day 
 (ii) any Interest Period of one month or longer that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and 
 32 

(iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date then in effect. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit). 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the applicable L C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary) or in favor of the applicable L C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
 Judgment Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.19 . 
 L C Advance means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any L C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. All L C Advances shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars. 
 L C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed or refinanced as a Borrowing, in each case, on the date required pursuant to Section 2.03(c) . All L C Borrowings shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars. 
 L C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 
 L C Issuers means (a) each Lender identified on Schedule 1.01(a) and (b) each Lender that shall have become an L C Issuer hereunder as provided in Section 2.03(l) (other than any Person that shall have ceased to be an L C Issuer as provided in Section 2.03(m) ), each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder provided that each L C Issuer may perform its obligations hereunder through one or more of its Affiliates. 
 L C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.09 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP or the exclusion of Article 36 of the UCP, as applicable, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
 Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental 
 33 

Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
 LCT Election has the meaning specified in Section 1.13. 
 LCT Test Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.13. 
 Lender-Related Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.04(d) . 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption that holds a Commitment or a Loan and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Incremental Facility Amendment in accordance with Section 2.17 , in each case other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes each Swingline Lender and each L C Issuer. 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
 Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder providing for the payment of cash upon the honoring of a presentation thereunder. Letters of Credit may be issued, at the option of the Borrower, in U.S. Dollars or in an Alternative Currency. 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the applicable L C Issuer. 
 Letter of Credit Commitment means, as to any L C Issuer, the obligation of such L C Issuer to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such L C Issuer s name on Schedule 1.01(a) , or, for any L C Issuer becoming an L C Issuer after the Closing Date, such amount as is separately agreed to in a written agreement between the Borrower and such L C Issuer (which such agreement shall be promptly delivered to the Administrative Agent following execution). 
 Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect. 
 Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h) . 
 34 

Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to the greater of (a) 1,500,000,000 and (b) the aggregate Commitments of all L C Issuers. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Commitments. 
 Leverage Ratio means, as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Net Indebtedness of the Borrower at such time to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower, as of the last day of the most recently completed four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower prior to such date of computation for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01. 
 For purposes of making the calculation above 
 (a) pro forma effect shall be given to Pro Forma Transactions (including giving pro forma effect to any related financing transactions and the application of proceeds of any Pro Forma Transactions) that occur during such four-quarter period or subsequent to such four-quarter period but on or prior to the date on which the Leverage Ratio is to be calculated as if they had occurred and such proceeds had been applied on the first day of such four-quarter period 
 (b) pro forma effect shall be given to any transaction (including the application of proceeds thereof) that has been made by any Person that has become a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower or has been merged with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during such four-quarter period or subsequent to such four-quarter period but on or prior to the date on which the Leverage Ratio is to be calculated and that would have constituted a Pro Forma Transaction had such transactions occurred when such Person was a Restricted Subsidiary, as if such transaction was a Pro Forma Transaction that occurred on the first day of such four-quarter period 
 (c) to the extent that the pro forma effect of any transaction is to be made pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above, such pro forma effect shall be determined in good faith on a reasonable basis by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the specified Person, whose determination shall be conclusive, as if the subject transaction(s) had occurred on the first day of the four-quarter reference period and Consolidated EBITDA for such reference period shall be calculated without giving effect to clause (c) of the proviso set forth in the definition of Consolidated Net Income 
 (d) the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to discontinued operations, as determined in accordance with GAAP, and operations or businesses disposed of (without duplication of clauses (a) and (b) above) which disposition or discontinuation, as applicable, has been completed prior to the date on which the Leverage Ratio is to be calculated, shall be excluded 
 (e) any Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary on the date on which the Leverage Ratio is to be calculated will be deemed to have been a Restricted Subsidiary at all times during such four-quarter period and 
 35 

(f) any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary on the date on which the Leverage Ratio is to be calculated will be deemed not to have been a Restricted Subsidiary at any time during such four-quarter period. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if the Leverage Ratio is determined for any period commencing prior to the date that is four fiscal quarters after the fiscal quarter during which the Closing Date occurs, the Leverage Ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred on the first day of the four-quarter reference period. 
 Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
 Limited Condition Transaction means any acquisition or other investment (including an acquisition of Spectrum or other assets) or irrevocable debt repurchase or redemption by the Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing. 
 Loan means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement, each Note, any Permitted Amendment, each Issuer Document, any fee letter executed and delivered in conjunction with this Agreement and any other document executed and delivered in conjunction with this Agreement from time to time and designated as a Loan Document . 
 Loan Modification Agreement means a Loan Modification Agreement, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and one or more Accepting Lenders, effecting one or more Permitted Amendments and such other amendments hereto and to the other Loan Documents as are contemplated by Section 2.16 . 
 Loan Modification Offer has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars or, if applicable, Canadian Dollars from one Type to another, or (c) a continuation of Term Benchmark Loans, in each case, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission 
 36 

system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Loan Parties means the Borrower and the Guarantors. 
 Master Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition, assets or results of operations, in each case, of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations under the Loan Documents or (c) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, under any Loan Document. 
 Material Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any material agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Maturity Date means the later of (a) the date that is five (5) years after the Closing Date and (b) if the maturity of the Facility is extended pursuant to Section 2.16 , such extended maturity date with respect to the applicable Accepting Lenders as determined pursuant to such Section provided that if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 10.09 . 
 Maximum Secured Debt Limit means, as of any date of computation thereof, an amount equal to the greater of (a) 20,900,000,000 and (b) 10 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently completed four consecutive fiscal quarters of Parent prior to such date of computation for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 . 
 Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 101 , or, in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, 103 , of the Fronting Exposure of the L C Issuers with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.14(a)(i) , (a)(ii) or (a)(iii) , an amount equal to 101 , or, in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, 103 , of the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations, and (c) otherwise, an amount reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuers in their sole discretion (which amount may be 0 ). 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a Plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 37 

Net Income means, with respect to any specified Person, the net income (loss) of such Person, determined in accordance with GAAP and before any reduction in respect of preferred stock accretion or dividends, excluding however 
 (a) any gain (or loss), together with any related provision for taxes on such gain (or loss) realized in connection with 
 (i) dispositions of assets (other than in the ordinary course of business) or 
 (ii) the extinguishment of any Indebtedness of such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and 
 (b) any extraordinary gain (or loss), together with any related provision for taxes on such extraordinary gain (or loss). 
 Non-Accepting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(c) . 
 Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Non-Extension Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(iii) . 
 Nonrecourse Obligation means indebtedness or other Obligations substantially related to (a) the acquisition of assets (other than Spectrum) not previously owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (b) the financing of a project involving the development or expansion of properties (other than Spectrum) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, as to which the obligee with respect to such indebtedness or Obligation has no recourse to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries other than the assets which were acquired with the proceeds of such transaction or the project financed with the proceeds of such transaction (and the proceeds thereof). 
 Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender to the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit C . 
 Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit G or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 38 

NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 NYFRB Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate of formation or organization, limited liability company agreement or operating agreement or other applicable governing agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, exempted limited partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction). 
 Original Closing Date means April 1, 2020. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 
 39 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06(b) ). 
 Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to Loans on any date, the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Loans on such date after giving effect to any Borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such Loans occurring on such date, and (b) with respect to any L C Obligations on any date, the U.S. Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate outstanding amount of such L C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts. 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in U.S. Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate provided that if such rate as so determined shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in U.S. Dollars, the NYFRB Rate and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L C Issuer, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 Parent means T-Mobile US, Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its successors by merger or consolidation. 
 Parent Entity means any Person that, with respect to another Person, owns more than 50 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock entitled to vote for the election of directors of such other Person having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of such other Person. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 40 

PATRIOT Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.18 . 
 Payment has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(a) . 
 Payment Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(e)(i) . 
 Payment Notice has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(b) . 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement and, if applicable, the other Loan Documents effected in connection with a Loan Modification Offer pursuant to Section 2.16 , applicable to all, or any portion of, the Loans and or Commitments of the Facility of the Accepting Lenders providing for (a) an extension of a maturity date with respect to the Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders, (b) a change in the Applicable Rate with respect to the Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders, (c) a change in the fees payable to, or the inclusion of new fees to be payable to, the Accepting Lenders, and or (d) additional covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Maturity Date at the time of such Loan Modification Offer or also added for the benefit of any Loans and or Commitments of the Facility remaining outstanding after the issuance or incurrence of such Loans and or Commitments (it being understood that no consent shall be required by the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders to provide for such additional covenants or other provisions) provided that in the case of an extension of a maturity date pursuant to clause (a), the maturity date as extended shall be no later than five years after the date of the Permitted Amendment that effected such extension provided further that, for the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no limit on the number of times a maturity date may be extended pursuant to clause (a) of this definition. 
 Permitted Holder means (i) DT and (ii) any direct or indirect Subsidiary of DT. 
 Permitted Receivables Financing means any Receivables Financing of a Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiary the terms of which (including financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions) (a) have been negotiated at arm s length and (b) are, in the good faith determination of the Borrower s Board of Directors or a senior financial officer of the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive, in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Permitted Receivables Financing Assets means financial assets, including accounts receivable, chattel paper and other payment rights, and related assets (including contract rights and insurance payments), and the proceeds thereof, and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Spectrum. 
 Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiary means, collectively, (i) each Existing Receivables Financing Subsidiary, (ii) each other Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower that engages in no material activities other than in connection with Permitted Receivables 
 41 

Financings and any business or activities incidental or related to such business and (iii) any other Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Permitted Receivables Financing in which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries makes an investment and to which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries transfers Permitted Receivables Financing Assets that engages in no material activities other than in connection with Permitted Receivables Financings, and any business or activities incidental or related to such business and, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower (as provided below) as a Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiary and in each case (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or similar obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, other than another Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiary or (to the extent that it might be deemed a guaranty) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, or (ii) is recourse to or obligates Parent, Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, other than another Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiary, in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, (b) to which none of Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, other than another Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiary, has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Borrower shall be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a certified copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Borrower giving effect to such designation and a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer certifying that such designation complies with the foregoing conditions. 
 Permitted Spectrum Financing means the Existing Sprint Spectrum Transaction. 
 Permitted Spectrum Financing Subsidiary means, collectively, (i) the Existing Sprint Spectrum Subsidiaries and (ii) any future special purpose vehicle Subsidiaries of Borrower (including any Depositors and Intermediate HoldCos formed as part of and for the purpose of consummating a future sale and leaseback transaction similar to the Existing Sprint Spectrum Transaction and that engages in no material activities other than in connection with Permitted Spectrum Financings, and any business or activities incidental or related to such business, and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower (as provided below) as a Permitted Spectrum Financing Subsidiary and (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or similar obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by Parent, Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, other than another Permitted Spectrum Financing Subsidiary or (to the extent that it might be deemed a guarantee) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, or (ii) is recourse to or obligates Parent, Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary other than another Permitted Spectrum Financing Subsidiary, in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings and (b) to which none of Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, other than another Permitted Spectrum Financing Subsidiary, has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Borrower shall be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a certified copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Borrower giving effect to such designation and a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer certifying that such designation complies with the foregoing conditions. 
 42 

Permitted Tower Financing means the Towers Transactions. 
 Permitted Tower Financing Subsidiary means, collectively, (i) each Existing Tower Financing Subsidiary and (ii) any other financing subsidiary formed in connection with a Permitted Tower Financing and that engages in no material activities other than in connection with Permitted Tower Financings, and any business or activities incidental or related to such business, and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower (as provided below) as a Permitted Tower Financing Subsidiary and (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or similar obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, other than another Permitted Tower Financing Subsidiary or (to the extent that it might be deemed a guaranty) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, or (ii) is recourse to or obligates Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, other than another Permitted Tower Financing Subsidiary, in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, (b) to which none of Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, other than another Permitted Tower Financing Subsidiary, has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Borrower shall be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a certified copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Borrower giving effect to such designation and a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Phoenix Towers Transaction Agreements means (i) the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2015 (as the same may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time), among the Borrower, certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower, PTI US Acquisitions, LLC, and each sale site subsidiary party thereto (ii) the Purchase and Sale Agreement (PR Sale Sites), dated as of October 28, 2015 (as the same may be amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time), among the Borrower, certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower, PTI US Acquisitions, LLC, and each sale site subsidiary party thereto and (iii) each of the other transaction documents entered into in connection therewith or contemplated thereby, as they may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and in respect of which the Borrower or a Commonly Controlled Entity is or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4062 or Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such 
 43 

rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Pro Forma Transactions (a) the Sprint Acquisition Transactions, (b) any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (other than for working capital purposes or Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business), the making of any dividend or distribution, any investment that results in a Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, any acquisition or disposition that results in a Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Subsidiary or any investment constituting an acquisition of assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of another Person or any disposition of a business unit, line of business or division of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, in each case whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or otherwise and in each case under this clause (b) with a fair market value in excess of 25,000,000 and (c) any restructuring or cost saving, operational change or business rationalization initiative or other initiative. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 QFC has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(b) . 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 10.23 . 
 Rated Entity means the Borrower or, if a corporate rating of the Borrower is not provided by any Rating Agency, Parent. 
 Rating Agency means each of S&P, Moody s and Fitch. 
 Rating Decline means the occurrence of a decrease in any Debt Rating by one or more gradations by any two of three Rating Agencies (including gradations within the rating categories, as well as between categories), within 60 days after the earlier of (a) a Change of Control, (b) the date of public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or (c) public notice of the intention of the Borrower to effect a Change of Control (which 60-day period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced ratings review for possible downgrade by either of such two Rating Agencies, it being understood that a change in ratings outlook shall not extend such 60-day period) provided , however , that a Rating Decline otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Rating Decline for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Triggering Event) unless each of such two Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply announces or publicly confirms or informs the Administrative Agent in writing at the Borrower s or its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control has occurred at the time of the Rating Decline) provided , further , that notwithstanding the foregoing, a Rating Decline shall not be deemed to 
 44 

have occurred so long as the Rated Entity has a Debt Rating from at least two of three Rating Agencies that is investment grade. 
 Receivables Financing means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to which Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may sell, convey or otherwise transfer to (a) a Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) or (b) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiary), or a Permitted Receivables Financing Subsidiary may grant a security interest in, any Permitted Receivables Financing Assets of Parent, Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (a) if such Benchmark is Term SOFR, 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (b) if such Benchmark is the EURIBO Rate, 11 00 a.m., Brussels time, two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (c) if such Benchmark is the CDO Rate, 10 15 a.m., Toronto time, on the first date of such setting, (d) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (e) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SARON, then five RFR Business Days prior to such setting or (f) otherwise, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 Related Indemnified Person of an Indemnitee means (i) any Controlling Person or any Affiliate of such Indemnitee, (ii) the respective directors, officers, or employees of such Indemnitee or any of its Controlling Persons or any of its Affiliates and (iii) the respective agents, advisors and representatives of such Indemnitee or any of its Controlling Persons or any of its Affiliates, in the case of this clause (iii) , acting at the instructions of such Indemnitee, Controlling Person or such Affiliate (it being understood and agreed that any agent, advisor or representative of such Indemnitee or any of its Controlling Persons or any of its Affiliates engaged to represent or otherwise advise such Indemnitee, Controlling Person or Affiliate in connection with the Transactions is to be deemed to be acting at the instruction of such Person). 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, agents, Controlling Persons, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Release means any actual or threatened release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into or through the environment or within any building, structure or facility. 
 45 

Relevant Governmental Body means (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB and or the CME Term SOFR Administrator, as applicable, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (b) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euro, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (c) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (d) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Swiss Francs, the Swiss National Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Swiss National Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto and (e) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other Agreed Currency, (i) the central bank for the Agreed Currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the Agreed Currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Relevant Rate means (a) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan or RFR Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, (c) with respect to any Loan or Borrowing denominated in Euro, the EURIBO Rate, (d) with respect to any Loan or Borrowing denominated in Sterling, the Daily Simple SONIA, (e) with respect to any Loan or Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the CDO Rate, and (f) with respect to any Loan or Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, the Daily Simple SARON. 
 Relevant Screen Rate means (a) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan or Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (b) with respect to any Loan or Borrowing denominated in Euro, the EURIBO Screen Rate, and (c) with respect to any Loan or Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the CDO Screen Rate. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Loans, a Loan Notice, and (b) with respect to an L C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application. 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders at such time. The Total 
 46 

Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time. 
 Resolution Authority means any EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, director of treasury, controller or other similar officer, manager or a director of a Loan Party, including any individual designated by any of the foregoing officers or directors pursuant to a power of attorney, and with respect to certain limited liability companies or partnerships that do not have officers, any director, manager, sole member, managing member or general partner thereof, and solely for purposes of the delivery of certificates pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(iii) , the secretary or any assistant secretary of the applicable Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Reuters means Thomson Reuters Corporation, Refinitiv or, in each case, a successor thereto. 
 Revaluation Date means, with respect to any Loan denominated or Letter of Credit issued in an Alternative Currency, each of the following as applicable (a) the date of the commencement of the initial Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of an RFR Loan, the date on which such RFR Loan is made), (b) the date of the commencement of each subsequent Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of an RFR Loan, each date that shall occur at intervals of three months duration after the date on which such RFR Loan is made), (c) the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit, (d) each date of an amendment of any such Letter of Credit having the effect of increasing the amount thereof, (e) each date of drawing under such Letter of Credit, (f) the last Business Day of every calendar month after the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit while outstanding and (g) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or any L C Issuer shall reasonably determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of its Loans and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Lender s Swingline Loans and L C Obligations (net of all participations therein purchased by other Lenders pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(ii) and participations in Swingline Loans and L C Obligations at such time. 
 47 

RFR means (a) for any Loan denominated in Sterling, SONIA, (b) for any Loan denominated in Swiss Francs, SARON and (c) for any Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. 
 RFR Borrowing means a SONIA Borrowing, a SARON Borrowing or, if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03 , a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing. 
 RFR Business Day means (a) for any Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, (b) for any Loan denominated in Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London and (c) for any Loan denominated in Swiss Francs, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for the settlement of payments and foreign exchange transactions in Zurich. 
 RFR Loan means a SONIA Loan, a SARON Loan or, if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03 , a Daily Simple SOFR Loan. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in U.S. Dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency. 
 Sanctions has the meaning specified in Section 5.09(b) . 
 SARON means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Business Day published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
 SARON Administrator means SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight). 
 SARON Administrator Website means SIX Swiss Exchange AG s website, currently at https www.six-group.com, or any successor source for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight identified as such by the SARON Administrator from time to time. 
 SARON Borrowing means any Borrowing comprised of SARON Loans. 
 SARON Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Daily Simple SARON. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 48 

Senior Officer means any individual holding the position of chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer or chief operating officer of any Loan Party. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Senior Officer mean a Senior Officer of the Borrower. 
 Significant Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements are available, would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Regulation is in effect on the Closing Date. 
 SLL Principles has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(b) . 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator Website means the NYFRB Website or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Solvent means, with respect to any Person, as of any date of determination, (a) the current value of the assets of such Person exceeds the amount of all debts and liabilities of such Person, subordinated, contingent or otherwise (b) the current value of the property of such Person is greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of the debts and other liabilities of such Person, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured (c) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such liabilities become absolute and matured and (d) such Person is not engaged in, and is not about to be engaged in, business for which it has unreasonably small capital. For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that would reasonably be expected to become an actual and matured liability. 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 SONIA Administrator Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 SONIA Borrowing means any Borrowing comprised of SONIA Loans. 
 49 

SONIA Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SONIA . 
 SONIA Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Daily Simple SONIA. 
 Spectrum means frequencies of electromagnetic spectrum used to provide fixed or mobile communications services as licensed or authorized by the FCC. 
 Spot Rate for a currency means the rate determined by the applicable L C Issuer to be the rate quoted as the spot rate for the purchase by such Person acting in such capacity of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11 00 a.m. on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made provided that the applicable L C Issuer may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by such L C Issuer if it does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency and provided further that such L C Issuer may use such spot rate quoted on the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made. 
 Spread Adjustment means (x) with respect to a Loan that is a Term SOFR Loan (a) having an Interest Period of one month, 0.00 per annum and (b) having an Interest Period of three or six months, 0.10 per annum and (y) with respect to a Loan that is a Daily Simple SOFR Loan (if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03 ), 0.00 per annum. 
 Sprint Acquisition Transactions means Parent s acquisition, directly or indirectly, of the equity interests of Sprint LLC (formerly Sprint Corporation) and its subsidiaries, including but not limited to (i) the financing thereof, (ii) the payment of fees, costs and expenses in connection therewith, and (iii) the repayment, repurchase and retirement, redemption, discharge and or call for redemption of Indebtedness on connection thereto. 
 Sprint Towers Transaction Agreements means (i) the towers transactions agreements entered into prior to the Original Closing Date by Sprint LLC (formerly Sprint Corporation) or its affiliates and (ii) each of the other transaction documents entered into in connection therewith or contemplated thereby, as they may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
 Standard Securitization Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities (including repurchase obligations in the event of a breach of representation and warranty) made or provided, and limited recourse guarantees, performance guarantees and servicing obligations undertaken, by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing, a Permitted Spectrum Financing or a Permitted Tower Financing of a character appropriate for the assets being securitized and which have been negotiated at arm s length with an unaffiliated third party. For the avoidance of doubt, the undertakings included in the Existing Sprint Spectrum Financing Documents (and substantially similar undertakings to the foregoing in any similar arrangements) constitute Standard Securitization Undertakings. 
 50 

Sterling and mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, exempted or limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (i) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (ii) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means 
 (i) each Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower existing on the Closing Date other than each Excluded Subsidiary and 
 (ii) each other Restricted Subsidiary formed or acquired after the Closing Date that the Borrower elects, by written notice to the Administrative Agent and by causing such Subsidiary to become party to the Guarantee Agreement, to designate as a Subsidiary Guarantor provided that, in the case of any designation (or re-designation) of any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to this clause (ii), (x) the jurisdiction of such Subsidiary shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) the Administrative Agent shall have received at least 3 Business Days prior to such Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary Guarantor, all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities with respect to such Subsidiary under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent at least 10 Business Days prior to such Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary Guarantor provided , further, that any such guarantee under this clause (ii) may be released in accordance with Section 10.25(c). 
 Successor Borrower has the meaning specified in Section 7.02 . 
 Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 10.23 . 
 Sustainability Assurance Provider has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a) . 
 Sustainability Structuring Agent means a sustainability structuring agent appointed by the Borrower and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 51 

Sustainability Table has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(a) . 
 Sustainability Targets has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(d) . 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Swingline Commitment means, as to any Swingline Lender, the obligation of such Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans to the Borrower from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Swingline Lender s name on Schedule 1.01(b) , or, for any Swingline Lender becoming a Swingline Lender after the Closing Date, such amount as is separately agreed to in a written agreement between the Borrower and such Swingline Lender (which such agreement shall be promptly delivered to the Administrative Agent following execution). 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Swingline Lender means (a) each Lender identified on Schedule 1.01(b) and (b) each Lender that shall have become a Swingline Lender hereunder as provided in Section 2.04(d) (other than any Person that shall have ceased to be a Swingline Lender as provided in Section 2.04(e), (f) or (g) ), each in its capacity a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 Swingline Sublimit means an amount equal to the greater of (a) 500,000,000 and (b) the aggregate Commitments of all Swingline Lenders. 
 Swiss Franc and CHF mean the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
 52 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 TARGET means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) payment system (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement). 
 TARGET Day means any day on which the TARGET is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 Term Benchmark Borrowing means a Term SOFR Borrowing, a CDOR Borrowing or a EURIBOR Borrowing. 
 Term Benchmark Loan means a Term SOFR Loan, a CDOR Loan or a EURIBOR Loan. 
 Term SOFR means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Borrowing means any Borrowing comprised of Term SOFR Loans. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition Term SOFR Reference Rate . 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term SOFR has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 53 

Test Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed four consecutive fiscal quarters of Parent ending on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) provided that, prior to the first date financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) , the Test Period in effect shall be the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of Parent ended September 30, 2022. 
 Threshold Amount means 1,000,000,000. 
 Total Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the sum of unused Commitments of such Lender and the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender. 
 Towers Transactions means the transactions contemplated by the Towers Transactions Agreements. 
 Towers Transactions Agreements means the Crown Towers Transaction Agreements, the Phoenix Towers Transaction Agreements and the Sprint Towers Transaction Agreements. 
 Transaction Costs means any fees or expenses incurred or paid by Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the Transactions, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 
 Transactions means, collectively, (a) the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (b) the payment of the fees and expenses incurred in connection with any of the foregoing (including the Transaction Costs). 
 Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Term SOFR Loan, a EURIBOR Loan, a SONIA Loan, a CDOR Loan or a SARON Loan or, if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03 , a Daily Simple SOFR Loan or Canadian Prime Rate Loan. 
 UCP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the 2007 version of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits of the International Chamber of Commerce, Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit). 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain Affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 54 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Undisclosed Administration means, in relation to a Lender or its direct or indirect parent company that is a solvent person, the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian, or other similar official by a supervisory authority or regulator under or based on the law in the country where such Lender or such parent company is subject to home jurisdiction, if applicable law requires that such appointment not be disclosed. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means (i) the Subsidiaries existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 6.09 , (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is designated by the Borrower as such pursuant to Section 6.09 and not subsequently re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary and (iii) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Unused Line Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a) . 
 U.S. Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 U.S. Dollar Equivalent means, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in U.S. Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any Alternative Currency, the equivalent amount thereof in U.S. Dollars as determined pursuant to Section 1.05 by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L C Issuer on the basis of the Exchange Rate or Spot Rate, as applicable, with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time in effect under the provisions of Section 1.05 . 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 10.23 . 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(i)(B)(III) . 
 Voting Stock of any specified Person as of any date means the capital stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the Board of Directors or managers of such Person (or, if such Person is a partnership, the Board of Directors or other governing body of the general partner of such Person). 
 55 

Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary means a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any other Person all of the capital stock of which (other than (a) directors qualifying shares and (b) nominal shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable requirements of Law) is owned by such Person directly and or through other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries. 
 Wireline Sale means the sale of the U.S. long-haul fiber network (including the non-U.S. extensions thereof) of Sprint Communications LLC, a Kansas limited liability company and its subsidiaries pursuant to that certain Membership interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2022, by and among Sprint Communications LLC, Sprint LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and Cogent Infrastructure, Inc. (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time). 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto , herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law 
 56 

shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 1.03 Accounting Terms . 
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of Parent, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. For purposes of determining compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 7.03 compliance with any other test hereunder, the Leverage Ratio and or Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a pro forma basis in accordance with the provisions of the second and third paragraphs of the definition of Leverage Ratio . 
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP or the application thereof would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders) provided that, until so amended, (A) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (B) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP provided , further, that, to the extent any such change would have a negative impact on the Borrower with respect to any ratio, financial calculation, financial reporting item or requirement computation, the Borrower may (in its sole discretion) elect to compute or report such ratio, financial calculation, financial reporting item or requirement in accordance with GAAP as changed and accordingly, if such an election is made, 
 57 

the Borrower shall not be required to deliver the written statement described in the immediately preceding proviso with respect thereto. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, (i) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159 or FASB ASC 825 (or any other financial accounting standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of Parent, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) the financial ratios and related definitions set forth in the Loan Documents shall be computed to exclude the application of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, 150 or 123(R) or any other financial accounting standard having a similar result or effect (to the extent that the pronouncements in Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R) result in recording an equity award as a liability on a consolidated balance sheet of Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in the circumstance where, but for the application of the pronouncements, such award would have been classified as equity). 
 (c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . All references herein to consolidated financial statements of Parent, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for Parent and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that Parent is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 
 
 1.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 
 1.05 Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall determine the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency as of each applicable Revaluation Date, in each case using the Exchange Rate for such Alternative Currency in relation to U.S. Dollars, and each such amount shall be the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of such Loan until the next required calculation thereof pursuant to this sentence. 
 (b) The applicable L C Issuer shall determine the Spot Rates as of each Revaluation Date to be used for calculating U.S. Dollar Equivalent amounts of L C Credit Extensions and Outstanding Amounts of L C Obligations denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Spot Rates shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Spot Rates employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur. 
 (c) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in U.S. Dollars, but such Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, 
 58 

such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency equivalent of such U.S. Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the applicable L C Issuer on the basis of the Spot Rate as of the most recent Revaluation Date. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Adjusted Term SOFR or with respect to any rate that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any of such rates (including, without limitation, any Benchmark Replacement) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, no Default or Event of Default shall arise as a result of any limitation or threshold set forth in this Agreement being exceeded solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. 
 (f) The applicable L C Issuer shall provide written notice to the Borrower of each applicable Spot Rate on, and the occurrence of, each Revaluation Date. 
 (g) For purposes of determining the Leverage Ratio, amounts denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars will be converted to U.S. Dollars at the currency exchange rates used in preparing the Borrower s financial statements corresponding to the Test Period with respect to the applicable date of determination and will, in the case of Indebtedness, reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of Hedging Obligations for currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of such Indebtedness. 
 
 1.06 Additional Alternative Currencies . 
 (a) The Borrower may from time to time request that Loans be made or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency provided that such requested currency is a lawful currency (other than U.S. Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into U.S. Dollars. 
 (b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. (or 11 00 a.m. in the case of L C Credit Extensions), ten (10) Business Days prior to the date of the desired Borrowing or L C Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable L C Issuer, in their sole discretion). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender and applicable L C Issuer of any such request. Each Lender and applicable L C Issuer shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 1 00 p.m. (or 11 00 a.m. in the case of L C Credit Extensions), five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, in their sole discretion) whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Loans and issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency. 
 59 

(c) Any failure by a Lender or an L C Issuer to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or L C Issuer to permit Loans or Letters of Credit, as applicable, to be made or issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all Lenders (or the applicable L C Issuer) consent to making Loans or issuing Letters of Credit, as applicable, in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Borrowings of Loans or Letter of Credit issuances by such L C Issuer, as applicable. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.06 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Borrower. 
 (d) In order to implement any Alternative Currency approved in accordance with this Section 1.06 , the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may make any technical or operational changes to this Agreement as necessary without any further consent from any Lender or L C Issuer. 
 
 1.07 Change of Currency. 
 (a) Each obligation of the Borrower to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro in accordance with the legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union as its lawful currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption, provided that if and to the extent that such legislation or member state provides that any such obligation may be paid by debtors in either Euro or the currency of such member state, then the Borrower shall be permitted to repay such amount either in Euro or such other currency. If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the London interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency. 
 (b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro. 
 (c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency. 
 
 1.08 Times of Day Fiscal Year . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to (i) times of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight or standard, as applicable) and (ii) fiscal year shall refer to a fiscal year of the Parent ending on December 31 (as may be modified from time to time). 
 60 

1.09 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time (as such amount may be reduced by (a) any permanent reduction of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit or (b) any amount which is drawn, reimbursed and no longer available under such Letter of Credit). 
 
 1.10 Timing of Payment or Performance . When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment or performance, except as otherwise specified herein, shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 
 1.11 Interest Rate Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 3.03(b)(i) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions unrelated to this Agreement that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its commercially reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 
 1.12 Division . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into 
 61 

existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 
 1.13 Limited Condition Transactions . In the case of the incurrence of any Commitment Increases, or any transaction of the types contemplated in Section 7.01(h) or Section 7.02 , or the designation or re-designation of any Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary, in each case in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, at the Borrower s option (an LCT Election ), the relevant ratios and baskets shall be determined, accuracy of representations and warranties (other than customary specified representations) shall be determined, and any Default or Event of Default blocker (other than any Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) , (f) or (g) shall be tested, as of the date the definitive acquisition agreements for such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into or the notice of redemption in connection therewith is given (the LCT Test Date ), and calculated as if the acquisition or other transaction, and other pro forma events in connection therewith, were consummated on such date. If the Borrower has made such an LCT Election, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or basket with respect to the incurrence of any Commitment Increases, or any transaction of the types contemplated in Section 7.01(h) or Section 7.02 , or the designation of any Restricted Subsidiaries or Unrestricted Subsidiaries, or any calculation of any ratio or basket for any other purpose, on or following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such transaction is consummated or the definitive agreement therefor is terminated, any such ratio shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming such Limited Condition Transaction, and other pro forma events in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness), have been consummated. 
 
 ARTICLE II. 
 THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 
 2.01 Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans to the Borrower in U.S. Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount (i) in accordance with its Applicable Percentage and (ii) not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Commitment provided , however , that after giving effect to any Borrowing, (i) the total Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments and (ii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender s Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01 , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01 . Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars may be Base Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans or, if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03 , Daily Simple SOFR Loans, Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars may only be CDOR Loans or, if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03 , Canadian Prime Rate Loans, Loans denominated in Euro may only be EURIBOR Loans, Loans denominated in Swiss Francs may only be SARON Loans and Loans denominated in Sterling may only be SONIA Loans, in each case, as further provided herein. 
 62 

2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans . 
 (a) Each Borrowing of Loans, and each conversion of Loans (other than Swingline Loans) denominated in U.S. Dollars and, if applicable, Canadian Dollars from one Type to another, and each continuation of Term Benchmark Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Loan Notice provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Loan Notice provided , further , that any Loan Notice delivered in connection with a Borrowing to be made on the Closing Date may be subject to and conditioned upon the occurrence of the Closing Date. Each such Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, Euro or Canadian Dollars or of any conversion of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars to Base Rate Loans, (ii) four Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in other Alternative Currencies, (iii) three RFR Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of or conversion to RFR Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars or Sterling, (iv) four RFR Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of RFR Loans denominated in Swiss Francs and (v) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or, if applicable, Canadian Prime Rate Loans provided , however , that if the Borrower wishes to request Term Benchmark Loans having an Interest Period that, pursuant to the definition of Interest Period requires the consent of each Lender, the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. (i) four Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, Euro or Canadian Dollars, or (ii) five Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in other Alternative Currencies, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them. Not later than 1 00 p.m. (i) three Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, Euro or Canadian Dollars, or (ii) four Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in other Alternative Currencies, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the Lenders. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum. Each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans or RFR Loans shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum. Each Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars or, if applicable, Canadian Dollars from one Type to another, or a continuation of Term Benchmark Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed, continued or to which existing Loans are to be converted, (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto and (vi) the currency of the Loans to be 
 63 

borrowed. In the case of any conversion or continuation of any Loans, such conversion or continuation shall apply to Loans comprising the same existing Borrowing, it being understood that the Borrower may elect different conversion or continuation options with respect to different portions of the affected existing Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to specify a currency in a Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing of Loans, then the Loans so requested shall be made in U.S. Dollars. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation of any Term Benchmark Borrowing, then the applicable Loans shall be made as, or continued as, (i) in the case of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, Term SOFR Loans, (ii) in the case of Loans denominated in Euro, EURIBOR Loans, (iii) in the case of Loans denominated in Sterling, SONIA Loans, (iv) in the case of Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, CDOR Loans and (v) in the case of Loans denominated in Swiss Francs, SARON Loans, in each case (other than in the case of RFR Loans), with an Interest Period of one month. Any such automatic continuation as Term Benchmark Loans with an Interest Period of one month shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Term Benchmark Borrowing. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. No Loan may be converted into or continued as a Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead must be prepaid in the original currency of such Loan and reborrowed in the other currency. 
 (b) Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender of the details thereof and, in the case of a Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing of Loans, of the amount (and currency) of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation of any Term Benchmark Borrowing is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic continuation as Term Benchmark Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Borrowing, each relevant Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office for the applicable Agreed Currency not later than 1 00 p.m., in the case of any Loan denominated in U.S. Dollars (or, in the case of a Base Rate Loan with respect to which a Loan Notice was delivered after 11 00 a.m. on the date of such Borrowing, not later than two hours after the delivery of such Loan Notice), and not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of any Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, in each case, on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. The Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either, at the Borrower s option, by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of the Administrative Agent with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower provided , however , that if, on the date any such Borrowing is to be made, there are L C Borrowings outstanding pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(iii) , then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of 
 64 

any such L C Borrowings, and, second, shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above. 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term Benchmark Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Term Benchmark Loan. During the existence of an Event of Default or a Default, (i) no Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars shall be converted to or continued as Term Benchmark Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders and (ii) no Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be continued as Term Benchmark Loans with an Interest Period greater than one month without the consent of the Required Lenders. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term Benchmark Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans or Canadian Prime Rate Loans, as applicable, are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the Administrative Agent s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate or Canadian Prime Rate, as applicable, promptly following the public announcement of such change. 
 (e) After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to another, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than 20 Interest Periods (or such greater number as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent) in effect with respect to Loans. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. 
 
 2.03 Letters of Credit . 
 (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment. 
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from and including the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit denominated in U.S. Dollars for the account of Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (as specified by the Borrower in the request for such Letter of Credit), and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with subsection (b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit and (B) the Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any drawings thereunder provided that after giving effect to any L C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (w) the Outstanding Amount of L C Obligations under Letters of Credit issued by any such L C 
 65 

Issuer shall not exceed such L C Issuer s Letter of Credit Commitment, (x) the total Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (y) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment, and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that the L C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. 
 (ii) An L C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if 
 (A) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii) , the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance or last extension, unless (1) the Required Lenders have approved such expiry date or (2) the Borrower shall have provided Cash Collateral reasonably acceptable to such L C Issuer or 
 (B) the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless (1) all the Lenders have approved such expiry date, (2) the Borrower shall have provided Cash Collateral reasonably acceptable to such L C Issuer or (3) the applicable L C Issuer consents (it being understood that, with respect to clauses (2) and (3) above, the Lenders shall automatically be released from their participation obligations with respect to any such Letter of Credit and their obligations to make Loans or L C Advances to reimburse the applicable L C Issuer for amounts drawn under any such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.03(c) , in each case, from and after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date). 
 (iii) An L C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if 
 (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that such L C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which such L C Issuer in good faith deems material to it 
 66 

(B) reserved 
 (C) the Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars 
 (D) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such L C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate such L C Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued and or other L C Obligations as to which such L C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure or 
 (E) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of general application of such L C Issuer now or hereafter applicable to letters of credit generally. 
 (iv) An L C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if such L C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. 
 (v) An L C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit. 
 (vi) Each L C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each L C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities as provided herein with respect to such L C Issuer. 
 (b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit Auto-Extension Letters of Credit. 
 (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the applicable L C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by such L C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to such L C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by such L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. at least three Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and such L C Issuer may reasonably agree in a particular instance) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer (A) 
 67 

the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day) (B) the amount and currency thereof (C) the expiry date thereof (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder and (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day) and (C) the nature of the proposed amendment. Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the applicable L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as such L C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may reasonably require. 
 (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, each applicable L C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, such L C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such L C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower (or Parent or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with such L C Issuer s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from such L C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 
 (iii) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the applicable L C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit such L C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance or amendment, as applicable, of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued or amended, as applicable. Unless otherwise directed by the applicable L C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to such L C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable L C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date (or, subject to Section 2.03(a)(ii)(B), to any later time as such L C Issuer may consent) provided, however, that each applicable L C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if such L C Issuer has 
 68 

determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or otherwise). 
 (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable L C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
 (c) Drawings and Reimbursements Funding of Participations. 
 (i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the applicable L C Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. The Borrower shall reimburse the applicable L C Issuer in U.S. Dollars. Not later than (1) 4 00 p.m. on the date of any drawing under a Letter of Credit issued by an L C Issuer or (2) if the notice described in the first sentence of this Section 2.03(c)(i) with respect to such drawing is not received by the Borrower from the applicable L C Issuer on or prior to 11 00 a.m. on such date of drawing, 11 00 a.m. on the next succeeding Business Day after receipt by the Borrower of such notice (each such date, an Honor Date ), the Borrower shall reimburse such L C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing in U.S. Dollars. If the Borrower fails to timely reimburse any such L C Issuer on the applicable Honor Date, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of such Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed Amount ), and the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have timely requested a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the applicable Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.03 (other than the delivery of a Loan Notice). Any notice given by an L C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 (ii) Each Lender shall upon receipt of any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the applicable L C Issuer, in U.S. Dollars, at the Administrative Agent s Office in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 12 00 Noon on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit 
 69 

the funds so received to the applicable L C Issuer in U.S. Dollars to reimburse such L C Issuer for the amounts required pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i). 
 (iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.03 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the applicable L C Issuer an L C Borrowing in the amount of the portion of such Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate until paid in full. In such event, each Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L C Borrowing and shall constitute an L C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03. 
 (iv) Until each Lender funds its Loan or L C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the applicable L C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of such L C Issuer. 
 (v) Each Lender s obligation to make Loans or L C Advances to reimburse the applicable L C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against such L C Issuer, Parent, the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any other Person for any reason whatsoever (B) in the case of L C Advances, the occurrence or continuance of a Default or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing provided, however, that each Lender s obligation to make Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.03 (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Loan Notice). No such making of an L C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the applicable L C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by such L C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, the applicable L C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such L C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by such L C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute 
 70 

such Lender s Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or L C Advance in respect of the relevant L C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the applicable L C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations. 
 (i) At any time after any L C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender s L C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c), if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in U.S. Dollars and in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of an L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such L C Issuer in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e) Obligations Absolute . The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 2.03 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following 
 (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document 
 (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), any L C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction 
 (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, or any loss or 
 71 

delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit 
 (iv) waiver by any L C Issuer of any requirement that exists for such L C Issuer s protection and not the protection of the Borrower or any waiver by any L C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower 
 (v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft 
 (vi) any payment made by any L C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under, such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, or, as applicable, the ISP or the UCP 
 (vii) any payment by any L C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or any payment made by such L C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law 
 (viii) reserved or 
 (ix) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder. 
 The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will promptly notify each applicable L C Issuer. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against such L C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
 (f) Role of L C Issuers . Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, no L C Issuer shall have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. No L C Issuer shall, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by such L C Issuer or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Each L C Issuer shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to such L C Issuer by the Borrower, a 
 72 

Lender or the Administrative Agent. None of the L C Issuers, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of any L C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit provided , however , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower from pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L C Issuers, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of any L C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (ix) of Section 2.03(e) provided , however , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against the L C Issuers, and each L C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by such L C Issuer s willful misconduct, gross negligence, willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit, or material breach of such L C Issuer s obligations under this Agreement, in each case, by obtaining a final and nonappealable judgment in the Borrower s favor by a court of competent jurisdiction. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L C Issuers may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the L C Issuers shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. An L C Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary. In the event that any L C Issuer performs its obligations hereunder through one or more of its Affiliates, the provisions of this Section 2.03(f) shall apply with respect to such Affiliate as if such Affiliate was an L C Issuer. 
 (g) Applicability of ISP and UCP Limitation of Liability . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable L C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP and, to the extent not inconsistent therewith, the laws of the State of New York, shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no L C Issuer shall be responsible to the Borrower for, and each L C Issuer s rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of such L C Issuer required or permitted under any Law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where such L C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or the UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the 
 73 

Bankers Association for Finance and Trade International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 
 (h) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.15 , with such Lender s Applicable Percentage, in U.S. Dollars, a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate with respect to Loans that are Term Benchmark Loans (determined on a per annum basis) times the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.09 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the fifteenth calendar day following the last day of each of Parent s fiscal quarters, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate with respect to Loans that are Term Benchmark Loans during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate with respect to Loans that are Term Benchmark Loans separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. 
 (i) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to the L C Issuers . The Borrower shall pay directly to each applicable L C Issuer for its own account, in U.S. Dollars, a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such L C Issuer, at the rate of 0.125 per annum (or such other percentage not to exceed 0.125 per annum as may be separately agreed to by the Borrower and the applicable L C Issuer), computed on the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the fifteenth calendar day following the last day of each of Parent s fiscal quarters in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.09 . In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to each applicable L C Issuer for its own account, in U.S. Dollars, the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L C Issuer relating to letters of credit issued by it. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 
 (j) Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 
 74 

(k) Letters of Credit Issued for Restricted Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, Parent or a Restricted Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable L C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of Parent and such Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 (l) Designation of Additional L C Issuers . The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, designate as additional L C Issuers one or more Lenders that agree to serve in such capacity as provided below. The acceptance by a Lender of an appointment as an L C Issuer hereunder shall be evidenced by an agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such designated Lender and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of an L C Issuer under this Agreement and (ii) references herein to the term L C Issuers shall be deemed to include such Lender in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 (m) Termination Resignation of an L C Issuer. 
 (i) The Borrower may terminate the appointment of any L C Issuer as an L C Issuer hereunder by providing a written notice thereof to such L C Issuer, with a copy to the Administrative Agent. Any such termination shall become effective upon the earlier of (A) such L C Issuer s acknowledging receipt of such notice and (B) the fifth Business Day following the date of the delivery thereof provided that no such termination shall become effective with respect to any Letter of Credit issued by such L C Issuer (or its Affiliates) until and unless the L C Obligations attributable to such Letter of Credit shall have been reduced to zero or Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount. At the time any such termination shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the terminated L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(i) with respect to any Letters of Credit to the extent the L C Obligations attributable thereto have been reduced to zero or Cash Collateralized as described above. Notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such termination, the terminated L C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights, obligations and duties of an L C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it (or its Affiliates) prior to and outstanding as of the effectiveness of such termination, but shall not issue any additional Letters of Credit. 
 (ii) Any L C Issuer may resign as an L C Issuer at any time upon 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders provided that (a) it shall have assigned all of its Commitments and Loans pursuant to Section 10.06(b) hereof at or prior to the time of such resignation or (b) another Lender acceptable to the Borrower shall have assumed the commitments of such resigning L C Issuer to issue Letters of Credit (and, to the extent such assuming Lender was not an L C Issuer hereunder, such assuming Lender shall have become an L C Issuer hereunder). 
 75 

Notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such resignation, any resigning L C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights, obligations and duties of an L C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to and outstanding as of the effectiveness of such resignation, but shall not issue any additional Letters of Credit. Upon the appointment of a successor L C Issuer, (A) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning L C Issuer other than in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such resigning L C Issuer prior to its resignation as set forth above, as the case may be, and (B) the successor L C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding on behalf such resigning L C Issuer at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the resigning L C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of such L C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 (n) Reporting of Letter of Credit Information. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, (i) on the last Business Day of each calendar month, (ii) on each date that a Letter of Credit is amended, terminated or otherwise expires, (iii) on each date that an L C Credit Extension or drawing occurs with respect to any Letter of Credit, and (iv) upon the request of the Administrative Agent, each L C Issuer (or, in the case of clause (ii) , (iii or (iv) , each applicable L C Issuer) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a report setting forth in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent information (including, without limitation, any reimbursement, Cash Collateral, or termination in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such L C Issuer) with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such L C Issuer that is outstanding hereunder. No failure on the part of any L C Issuer to provide such information pursuant to this Section 2.03(n) shall limit the obligation of the Borrower or any applicable Lender hereunder with respect to its reimbursement and participation obligations, respectively, pursuant to this Section 2.03 . In addition, the Borrower and the applicable L C Issuer shall notify the Administrative Agent if at any time the Letter of Credit Commitment of such L C Issuer is changed (whether pursuant to Section 2.03(m) , by agreement between the Borrower and such L C Issuer, or otherwise), and such change shall be reflected in a revised Schedule 1.01(a) . 
 
 2.04 Swingline Loans . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including Section 2.15 ), in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04 , each Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period denominated in U.S. Dollars in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that (i) does not exceed its Swingline Commitment, (ii) will not result in the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the Aggregate Commitments, (iii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment and (iv) will not result in the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans outstanding exceeding Swingline Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 
 (b) To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and the applicable Swingline Lender of such request by telephone (confirmed in writing) 
 76 

or by facsimile or electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Swingline Lender (confirmed by telephone), not later than 2 00 p.m., New York City time, or, if agreed by the applicable Swingline Lender, 3 00 p.m. New York City time on the day of such proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day), the amount of the requested Swingline Loan and, in the case of any L C Borrowing, the identity of the applicable L C Issuer. The applicable Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to any accounts of the Borrower maintained with such Swingline Lender for the Swingline Loan by 3 00 p.m., New York City time (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made available pursuant to a notice delivered by 3 00 p.m. in accordance with the procedures above, such later time as agreed by the Borrower and the applicable Swingline Lender), on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 
 (c) A Swingline Lender may, by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 2 00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day require the Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans of such Swingline Lender outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice the Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Swingline Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Swingline Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or any reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.12(b) with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.12(b) shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders pursuant to this paragraph), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the applicable Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by a Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other Person on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by such Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted by such Swingline Lender to the Administrative Agent any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the applicable Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the applicable Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, and thereafter to the Borrower, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to 
 77 

the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (d) The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, designate as additional Swingline Lenders one or more Lenders that agree to serve in such capacity as provided below. The acceptance by a Lender of an appointment as a Swingline Lender hereunder shall be evidenced by an agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such designated Swingline Lender, and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement and (ii) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to include such Lender in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 
 (e) The Borrower may terminate the appointment of any Swingline Lender as a Swingline Lender hereunder by providing a written notice thereof to such Swingline Lender, with a copy to the Administrative Agent. Any such termination shall become effective upon the earlier of (i) such Swingline Lender s acknowledging receipt of such notice and (ii) the fifth Business Day following the date of the delivery thereof provided that no such termination shall become effective until and unless the Swingline Exposure of such Swingline Lender shall have been reduced to zero. Notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such termination, the terminated Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to such termination, but shall not make any additional Swingline Loans. 
 (f) Any Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of a Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.08(a) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of a Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 
 (g) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender (or the agreement by an existing Swingline Lender to assume the Swingline Commitment of the resigning Swingline Lender), any Swingline Lender may resign as a Swingline Lender at any time upon 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.04(f) above. 
 78 

2.05 Prepayments . 
 (a) The Borrower may, upon delivery of a Notice of Loan Prepayment to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, Euro or Canadian Dollars, (B) four Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in other Alternative Currencies, (C) three RFR Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of RFR Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars or Sterling, (D) four RFR Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of RFR Loans denominated in Swiss Francs and (E) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans or, if applicable, Canadian Prime Rate Loans and (ii) any prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum or, if less, the entire principal amount of such Borrowing then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Borrowing or Borrowings to be prepaid and, if a Term Benchmark Borrowing is to be prepaid, the Interest Period applicable thereto. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein provided that, so long as the Administrative Agent is notified prior to the prepayment date, a notice of optional prepayment may state that such notice is conditional upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of other Indebtedness or the occurrence of some other identifiable event or condition, in which case such notice of prepayment may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified date of prepayment) if such condition is not satisfied. Any prepayment of a Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.15 , each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
 (b) If the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower in writing that (i) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of the Lenders at such time exceed an amount equal to 105 of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect or (ii) other than as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of the Lenders at such time exceed 101 of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, then, in either case, within three Business Days after receipt of such written notice from the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall prepay Loans and or the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations in an aggregate amount at least equal to such excess, or the Borrower shall take such other action to the extent necessary to eliminate any such excess provided , however , that, subject to the provisions of Section 2.14(a) , the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) unless after any such prepayment of Loans, the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of the Lenders exceeds the Aggregate Commitments then in effect. 
 79 

2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a) Unless terminated earlier pursuant to subsection (b) below, the Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) Following the Closing Date, the Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Commitments provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. three Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), (ii) any such partial reduction shall be (unless the Aggregate Commitments are less than such amount) in an aggregate amount of 10,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures would exceed the Commitments, and (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess provided , further , that a notice of termination or reduction of the Commitments delivered may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of other Indebtedness or the occurrence of some other identifiable event or condition, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date of termination or reduction) if such condition is not satisfied. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Commitments. The amount of any such Commitment reduction shall not be applied to the Letter of Credit Sublimit unless otherwise specified by the Borrower or unless required by proviso (iv) of the preceding sentence. Any reduction of the Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans . 
 (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Maturity Date, the aggregate principal amount of Loans made to the Borrower outstanding on such date, together with all accrued and unpaid interest on such principal amount to but excluding the date of such repayment. 
 (b) The Borrower shall repay to the applicable Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan made by such Swingline Lender on the earlier to occur of (i) the date that is 5 Business Days (or such longer period as the Swingline Lender may agree in its sole discretion) after such Swingline Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date. 
 80 

2.08 Interest . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below 
 (i) each Term SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for the Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate 
 (ii) each EURIBOR Borrowing shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for the Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing at a rate per annum equal to the EURIBO Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate 
 (iii) each SONIA Borrowing shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple SONIA plus the Applicable Rate 
 (iv) each CDOR Borrowing shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for the Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing at a rate per annum equal to the CDO Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate 
 (v) each SARON Borrowing shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple SARON plus the Applicable Rate 
 (vi) each Base Rate Borrowing shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing or conversion date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate 
 (vii) each Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing, if available pursuant to Section 3.03 , shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing or conversion date at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate and 
 (viii) each Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing, if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03 , shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing or conversion date at a rate per annum equal to the Canadian Prime Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b) If any amount (including principal of any Loan, interest, fees or any other amount) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, during the continuance of an Event of Default under clauses (a) , (f) or (g) of Section 8.01 , then 
 81 

such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (c) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (d) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 
 2.09 Fees . In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of Section 2.03 
 (a) Unused Line Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, an unused line fee (the Unused Line Fee in U.S. Dollars equal to the then-applicable percentage (per annum) set forth under the column Unused Line Fee in the definition of Applicable Rate , times the actual daily amount by which the aggregate Commitments of such Lender exceed the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures (excluding Swingline Loans) of such Lender. The Unused Line Fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on fifteenth calendar day following the last day of each of Parent s fiscal quarters, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and ending on the last day of the Availability Period. The Unused Line Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in such Unused Line Fee percentage pursuant to the definition of Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by such Unused Line Fee percentage separately for each period during such quarter that such Unused Line Fee percentage was in effect. 
 (b) Other Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, in U.S. Dollars, fees in the amounts and at the times specified in any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees . All computations of interest for SONIA Loans, CDOR Loans and Base Rate Loans when Base Rate is determined by reference to the Prime Rate and, if applicable pursuant to Section 3.03, Canadian Prime Rate Loans shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed (including the first day, but excluding the last day). All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year), or, in the case of interest in respect of Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any 
 82 

portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained each Lender and the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender to the Borrower made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans to the Borrower in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to a Note and endorse thereon the date, Type, currency, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a) above, each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 
 2.12 Payments Generally Administrative Agent s Clawback . 
 (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in U.S. Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 3 00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) if the Administrative Agent 
 83 

reasonably determines that it is required to do so for legal, operational or regulatory reasons or (ii) except in the case of payments to be made directly to any L C Issuer in an Alternative Currency, then, in each case, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a payment shall be treated as made in the United States if a wire transfer is made through a bank located in the United States at the direction of the Borrower. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make such payment in U.S. Dollars in the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 4 00 p.m., in the case of payments in U.S. Dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent, in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency shall, in each case, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue until such day. Except as expressly provided herein, if any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 (b) (i) Funding by Lenders Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Loans that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the applicable Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower the interest rate applicable to Loans comprising such Borrowing. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) Payments by Borrower Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the 
 84 

Lenders or the L C Issuers hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the relevant Lenders or the relevant L C Issuers, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of such Lenders or such L C Issuers, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such L C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the applicable Overnight Rate. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Borrowing set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to satisfy its obligations hereunder. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any participation in any Swingline Loan or L C Obligation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase such participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) . 
 (e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (f) Insufficient Funds . If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, toward payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, toward payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties. 
 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of (a) Obligations due and payable 
 85 

to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations due and payable to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all the Lenders at such time or (b) Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Parties at such time) of payment on account of the Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all of the Lenders at such time then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans, subparticipations in L C Obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Obligations then due and payable to the Lenders or owing (but not due and payable) to the Lenders, as the case may be, provided that 
 (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and 
 (ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (A) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (B) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.14, or (C) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or subparticipations in Swingline Loans or L C Obligations to any assignee or participant (including the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof). 
 The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 
 2.14 Cash Collateral . 
 (a) Certain Credit Support Events . If (i) any L C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L C Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding (in each case other than with respect to any L C Obligations arising in respect of Letters of Credit for which the expiry date extends after the Letter of Credit Expiration 
 86 

Date pursuant to Section 2.03(a)(ii)(B)(1) or (3) , unless requested by the applicable L C Issuer), (iii) the Borrower is required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 8.02(c) , or (iv) there exists a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following any request by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L C Issuers (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). Additionally, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any L C Obligations in respect of outstanding Letters of Credit issued by L C Issuers that have been terminated or have resigned pursuant to Section 2.03(m or Section 2.16(c) at such time exceeds 105 of the Letter of Credit Sublimit then in effect, then, within three Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall provide Cash Collateral for the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations in an amount not less than the amount by which the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations exceeds the Letter of Credit Sublimit. The Administrative Agent or the applicable L C Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, L C Issuers that have been terminated or have resigned pursuant to Section 2.03(m or Section 2.16(c) , but which still have outstanding Letters of Credit) may, at any time and from time to time after the initial deposit of such Cash Collateral, request that the Borrower provide additional Cash Collateral no later than three Business Days following receipt of such request in order to protect against the results of actual fluctuations in any Spot Rate provided that the amount of any such Cash Collateral shall not be required to exceed at any time, after giving effect to such additional Cash Collateral, 101 , or, in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, 103 , of the amount by which the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations exceeds the Letter of Credit Sublimit at such time. 
 (b) Grant of Security Interest . The Borrower, and to the extent Cash Collateral is to be provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.14(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuers as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower or, to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at the Administrative Agent. The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 
 (c) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under this Section 2.14 or Sections 2.03 , 2.05 , 2.15 or 8.02 
 87 

in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L C Obligations, obligation to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
 (d) Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the Administrative Agent s and the applicable L C Issuer s good faith determination that there exists excess Cash Collateral provided , however , the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable L C Issuers may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 
 
 2.15 Defaulting Lenders . 
 (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 10.01. 
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the L C Issuers and Swingline Lenders hereunder third, to Cash Collateralize the L C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.14 fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the L C Issuers future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.14 sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Swingline Lenders or the L C Issuers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by 
 88 

any Lender, any Swingline Lender or any L C Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement seventh, so long as no Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L C Borrowings and such Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clause (a) of the definition thereof, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.03 (or, if such Borrowing is a Borrowing made on the Closing Date, Sections 4.01 and 4.03) were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans are funded and unfunded participations in L C Obligations are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.15(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender and L C Issuer irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii) Certain Fees. 
 (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fees payable under Section 2.09(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 
 (B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.14 . 
 (C) With respect to any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) or any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrower shall (1) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any Letter of Credit Fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in Swingline Loans and L C Obligations that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (2) pay to each L C Issuer the amount of any such Letter of Credit Fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L C Issuer s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (3) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 (iv) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in Swingline Loans 
 89 

and L C Obligations shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Commitment. No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (v) Cash Collateral. If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, Cash Collateralize the L C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.14. 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lenders and the L C Issuers agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 
 2.16 Loan Modification Offers . 
 (a) At any time after the Closing Date, the Borrower may on one or more occasions, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, make one or more offers (each, a Loan Modification Offer to all the Lenders to effect one or more Permitted Amendments relating to the Facility pursuant to procedures reasonably specified by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower (including mechanics to permit conversions, cashless rollovers and exchanges by Lenders and other repayments and reborrowings of Loans of Accepting Lenders or Non-Accepting Lenders replaced in accordance with Section 10.13 ). Such notice shall set forth (i) the terms and conditions of the requested Permitted Amendment and (ii) the date on which such Permitted Amendment is requested to become effective (which shall not be more than 30 days after such notice). Permitted Amendments shall become effective only with respect to the Loans and Commitments of the Lenders that accept the applicable Loan 
 90 

Modification Offer (such Lenders, the Accepting Lenders and, in the case of any Accepting Lender, only with respect to such Lender s Loans and Commitments as to which such Lender s acceptance has been made. 
 (b) A Permitted Amendment shall be effected pursuant to a Loan Modification Agreement executed and delivered by the Borrower, each applicable Accepting Lender and the Administrative Agent provided that no Permitted Amendment shall become effective unless (i) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent such legal opinions, authorizing resolutions, secretary s certificates, officer s certificates and other documents as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith and (ii) in the case of an extension of the Maturity Date, subject to Section 1.13 , the conditions specified in Sections 4.3(a) and (b) have been satisfied or waived on and as of the date of such Permitted Amendment. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Loan Modification Agreement. Each Loan Modification Agreement may, without the consent of any Lender other than the applicable Accepting Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give effect to the provisions of this Section 2.16 , including any amendments necessary to treat the applicable Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders as a new Facility of loans and or commitments hereunder and to reallocate, if applicable, Revolving Credit Exposure on a pro rata basis among the relevant Lenders. 
 (c) If, in connection with any proposed Loan Modification Offer, any Lender does not consent to such Loan Modification Offer on the terms or by the deadline set forth in such Loan Modification Offer (each such Lender, a Non-Accepting Lender then the Borrower may, on notice to the Administrative Agent and such Non-Accepting Lender, either (x) replace such Non-Accepting Lender in whole or in part by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 10.06 all or any part of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of the Loans and Commitments to one or more Eligible Assignees (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to find a replacement Lender provided , further , that (i) the applicable assignee shall have agreed to provide Loans and or Commitments on the terms set forth in the applicable Permitted Amendment, (ii) such Non-Accepting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of the Loans assigned by it pursuant to this Section 2.16 , accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder from the Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) and (iii) unless waived, the Borrower or such Eligible Assignee shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the processing and recordation fee specified in Section 10.06(b)(v) or (y) so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, terminate (on a non-pro rata basis) the Commitments of such Non-Accepting Lender and repay all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Non-Accepting Lender relating to the applicable Loans and participations held by such Non-Accepting Lender as of such termination date. If any Non-Accepting Lender replaced in accordance with this Section 2.16(c) is an L C Issuer immediately prior to such replacement, 
 91 

then the interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement assigned to the relevant Eligible Assignee shall, for the avoidance of doubt but subject to the following proviso, include the Letter of Credit Commitment of such Non-Accepting Lender, and such Eligible Assignee shall become an L C Issuer hereunder in accordance with Section 2.03(l) provided that (x) no such assignment of the applicable Letter of Credit Commitment shall become effective with respect to any Letter of Credit issued by such Non-Accepting Lender (or its Affiliates) until and unless the L C Obligations attributable to any such Letter of Credit shall have been reduced to zero or Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount, (y) at the time any such assignment of the applicable Letter of Credit Commitment shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the assigning L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(i) with respect to any Letters of Credit to the extent the L C Obligations attributable thereto have been reduced to zero or Cash Collateralized as described in clause (x) above, and (z) notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such assignment of the applicable Letter of Credit Commitment, the assigning L C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights of an L C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it (or its Affiliates) prior to and outstanding as of the effectiveness of such assignment, but shall not issue any additional Letters of Credit. 
 (d) No rollover, conversion or exchange (or other repayment or termination) of Loans or Commitments pursuant to any Loan Modification Agreement in accordance with this Section 2.16 shall constitute a voluntary or mandatory payment or prepayment for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Section 2.16 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary. 
 
 2.17 Increase in Commitments . 
 (a) Request for Increase . Upon notice to the Administrative Agent or the Incremental Arranger, the Borrower may, from time to time, request increases in the aggregate Commitments Commitment Increases provided that (i) the aggregate amount of Commitment Increases shall not exceed, at any time of incurrence thereof, an amount equal to 3,000,000,000 and (ii) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 10,000,000 (or in such lesser minimum amount agreed by the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed)) provided further , that such amount may be less than the minimum amount if such amount represents all the remaining availability at such time in respect of the Commitment Increases. 
 (b) Lender Elections to Increase . If the Borrower elects to offer participation in such Commitment Increases to Lenders, a notice shall be sent to each relevant Lender and, at the time of sending such notice, the Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent or the arranger arranging such Commitment Increase (the Incremental Arranger )) shall specify the time period within which the requested Lenders are requested to respond. Each requested Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion, shall notify the Incremental Arranger within such time period whether or not it agrees to provide a Commitment Increase, and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its relevant Applicable Percentage of such 
 92 

requested Commitment Increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to provide a Commitment Increase. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Lender shall have any obligation to agree to provide a Commitment Increase and any election to do so shall be in the sole discretion of such Lender. 
 (c) Notification by Administrative Agent or Incremental Arranger Additional Lenders . The Administrative Agent or the Incremental Arranger shall notify the Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase, the Borrower may also invite Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Incremental Arranger, the Administrative Agent and their respective counsels. 
 (d) Effective Date and Allocations . If the Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, the Incremental Arranger and the Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date and the final allocation of such increase. The Incremental Arranger shall promptly notify the Borrower and the applicable Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. 
 (e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . As a condition precedent to any such increase, (i) each Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate dated as of the Increase Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, and in each case subject to Section 1.13 , (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, to the extent modified by any materiality or Material Adverse Effect standard, in all respects) on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (or, to the extent modified by any materiality or Material Adverse Effect standard, in all respects) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.17 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.04 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 , and (2) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) in the case of any Commitment Increase provided by any Person that is not an existing Lender immediately before giving effect to such Commitment Increase, the Borrower shall have obtained the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Swingline Lenders to such new Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (f) Commitments in respect of Commitment Increases shall become Commitments under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an Incremental Facility Amendment (including any technical amendments required to effectuate such increase) to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the lenders providing such Commitment Increase, as the case may be. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each 
 93 

Incremental Facility Amendment. Each Incremental Facility Amendment may, without the consent of any Lender other than the lenders providing the Commitment Increase established thereby, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give effect to the provisions of this Section 2.17 , including any amendments necessary, at the election of the Borrower, (i) to treat the applicable Commitments of such Lenders as a new Facility of loans and or commitments hereunder or (ii) in connection with an Incremental Facility Amendment related to a Commitment Increase, to reallocate, if applicable, Revolving Credit Exposure on a pro rata basis among the relevant Lenders. In the case of any Commitment Increase, the outstanding Loans and L C Obligations will be reallocated by the Administrative Agent on the effective date thereof among the Lenders (including the new and existing Lenders providing such Commitment Increase) in accordance with their revised Applicable Percentage (and the Lenders (including the new and existing Lenders providing such Commitment Increase) agree to make all payments and adjustments necessary to effect such reallocation). 
 (g) Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary. 
 
 2.18 Sustainability Targets. 
 (a) The parties hereto acknowledge that the Sustainability Targets have not been determined and agreed as of the date of this Agreement and that Schedule 2.18 therefore has been intentionally left blank. The Borrower may, at any time, submit a request in writing to the Administrative Agent that this Agreement be amended to include the Sustainability Targets and other related provisions (including without limitation those provisions described in this Section 2.18), to be mutually agreed among the parties hereto in accordance with this Section 2.18 and Section 10.01 (such amendment, the ESG Amendment ). Such request shall be accompanied by the proposed Sustainability Targets as prepared by the Borrower in consultation with the Sustainability Structuring Agent and devised with assistance from the Sustainability Assurance Provider (defined below), which shall be included as Schedule 2.18 (the Sustainability Table ). The proposed ESG Amendment shall also include the ESG Pricing Provisions (defined below) and identify a sustainability assurance provider, provided that any such sustainability assurance provider shall be a qualified external reviewer, independent of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, with relevant expertise, such as an auditor, environmental consultant and or independent ratings agency of recognized national standing (the Sustainability Assurance Provider ). 
 (b) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall in good faith enter into discussions to reach an agreement in respect of the proposed Sustainability Targets and Sustainability Assurance Provider, and any proposed incentives and penalties for compliance and noncompliance, respectively, with the Sustainability Targets, including any adjustments to the Applicable Rate (and or Unused Line Fee therein) (such provisions, collectively, the ESG Pricing Provisions provided that the amount of any such adjustments made pursuant to an ESG Amendment shall not result in a decrease or an increase of more than (a) 0.01 in the Unused Line Fee set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate and or (b) 
 94 

0.05 in the spread for Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans and Base Rate Loans and, if applicable, Canadian Prime Rate Loans set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate during any fiscal year, which pricing adjustments shall be applied in accordance with the terms as further described in the ESG Pricing Provisions provided that (i) in no event shall any of the spread for Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans and Base Rate Loans and, if applicable, Canadian Prime Rate Loans and the Unused Line Fee be less than 0.00 at any time and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, such pricing adjustments shall not be cumulative year-over-year, and each applicable adjustment shall only apply until the date on which the next adjustment is due to take place. The ESG Amendment (including the ESG Pricing Provisions) will become effective once the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders have executed the ESG Amendment. The Borrower agrees and confirms that the ESG Pricing Provisions shall follow the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles, as published in May 2021, and as may be updated, revised or amended from time to time by the Loan Market Association and the Loan Syndications & Trading Association (the SLL Principles ). 
 (c) Following the effectiveness of the ESG Amendment, any amendment or other modification to the ESG Pricing Provisions which does not have the effect of reducing the spread for Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans, Base Rate Loans, Canadian Prime Rate Loans (if applicable) or the Unused Line Fee to a level not otherwise permitted by this Section 2.18 shall be subject only to the consent of the Required Lenders. 
 (d) As used in this Section 2.18, Sustainability Targets means specified key performance indicators with respect to certain environmental, social and governance targets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, which shall be, in the Borrower s good faith determination, consistent with the SLL Principles. 
 
 ARTICLE III. 
 TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 
 3.01 Taxes . 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes Obligation to Withhold Payments on Account of Taxes. 
 (i) All payments by or on account of any obligation of a Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of the applicable withholding agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by any applicable withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to Section 3.01(e) below. 
 (ii) If any applicable withholding agent shall be required by any applicable Laws to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any such payment, then (A) such withholding agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make 
 95 

such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to Section 3.01(e) below, (B) such withholding agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the Loan Parties shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions of Indemnified Taxes (including any such withholding and deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 ), the applicable Lender (or, in the case of a payment received by the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction of Indemnified Taxes been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(a) above, the Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (c) Tax Indemnifications . The Loan Parties shall on a joint and several basis, indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 Business Days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority provided that the Loan Parties shall not be required to compensate any Recipient pursuant to this Section 3.01(c) for any interest, additions to tax or penalties that result from the failure of such Recipient to notify the Borrower of such indemnification claim within 180 days after the date such Recipient first receives written notice from the applicable Governmental Authority of the specific tax assessment relating to the applicable Indemnified Taxes. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability (together with a reasonable explanation thereof) delivered to the Borrower by the Recipient (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Recipient, shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. 
 (d) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Status of Lenders Tax Documentation . Any Recipient that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to any payments made under any 
 96 

Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable Laws or the relevant Governmental Authorities of a jurisdiction pursuant to such applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. 
 (i) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person (or, if such Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is owned by a U.S. Person) shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter as required by applicable Law or upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two duly executed originals of IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form) certifying that such Lender (or such U.S. Person, as applicable) is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter as required by applicable Law or upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two duly executed originals of whichever of the following is applicable 
 (I) in the case of a Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such owner) eligible for the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) (or any successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to such tax treaty 
 (II) IRS Form W-8ECI (or any successor form) with respect to such Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, with respect to such owner) 
 97 

(III) in the case of a Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such owner) entitled to the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender (or such owner, as applicable) is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation that is related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and that no payments under the Loan Documents are effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business by such Foreign Lender (or such owner, as applicable) (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) (or successor form) or 
 (IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender (or, if such Foreign Lender is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal tax purposes, such owner) is not the beneficial owner of such payments (e.g., where the Lender (or owner, as applicable) is a partnership or a participating Lender), an executed IRS Form W-8IMY (or successor form), accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) (or any successor form), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 or Exhibit E-3 , IRS Form W-9 (or successor form), and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership (and not a participating Lender) and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 on behalf of such direct and indirect partner(s) 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two originals of the executed versions of any other form prescribed by applicable Laws as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Laws to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 98 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable Laws and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Laws (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine whether such Recipient has complied with such Recipient s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 3.01(e)(i)(D) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Each Recipient agrees that if any documentation it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly (x) update such documentation or (y) notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing that (A) such documentation has expired or has become obsolete or inaccurate and (B) such Recipient is legally ineligible to update such documentation. 
 (iii) Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Loan Parties and to any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided by such Lender to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 3.01(e). 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.01(e), no Lender shall be required to deliver any documentation that it is not legally eligible to deliver. 
 (f) Status of the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent, and any successor or supplemental Administrative Agent, shall deliver to the Borrower on or prior to the date on which the Administrative Agent becomes the administrative agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower) duly executed originals of either (i) IRS Form W-9 (or any successor form) or (ii) a U.S. branch withholding certificate on IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor form) evidencing its agreement with the Borrower to be treated as a U.S. person (with respect to amounts received on account of any Lender) and IRS Form W-8ECI (with respect to amounts received on its own account). The Administrative Agent agrees that if any documentation it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly (x) update such documentation or (y) notify the Borrower in writing that (A) such documentation has expired or has become obsolete or inaccurate and (B) the Administrative 
 99 

Agent is legally ineligible to update such documentation as a result of any Change in Law after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.01(f), no Administrative Agent shall be required to deliver any documentation pursuant to this Section 3.01(f) that such Administrative Agent is not legally eligible to deliver as a result of any Change in Law after the Closing Date. 
 (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender. If any Recipient determines, in its reasonable discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable, documented out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.01(f), in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this Section 3.01(f) the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section 3.01(f) shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
 (h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 (i) For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Section 3.01 , the term Lender includes each L C Issuer and each Swingline Lender. 
 
 3.02 Illegality . If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to perform any of its obligations hereunder or make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Relevant Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Relevant Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, U.S. Dollars or any Alternative Currency in the relevant interbank market, then, on notice thereof by 
 100 

such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in the affected Agreed Currency or, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, to convert Base Rate Loans to Term Benchmark Loans, shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay all Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, of such Lender in the affected Agreed Currency or, if applicable, convert all Term Benchmark Loans of such Lender denominated in U.S. Dollars to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon Adjusted Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Adjusted Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 
 3.03 Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 3.03(b) , if 
 (i) the Administrative Agent reasonably determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Adjusted Term SOFR, the Term SOFR, the EURIBO Rate or the CDO Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, Daily Simple SONIA, the Daily Simple SARON or the RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that such Lenders have reasonably determined (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that the Adjusted Term SOFR, 
 101 

the EURIBO Rate or the CDO Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing or (B) at any time, that the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Daily Simple SONIA or the Daily Simple SARON, as applicable, will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their RFR Loans denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency 
 then the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon receipt of such notice and until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice with respect to the relevant Benchmark, (A) any Loan Notice that requests the making of, conversion to, or continuation of an affected Term Benchmark Borrowing or an affected RFR Borrowing shall be ineffective, (B) in the case of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, any request for the making of, conversion to or continuation of an affected Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a request for the making of, or conversion to, as applicable, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of clause (i) or (ii) above or (y) a Base Rate Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is also the subject of clause (i) or (ii) above and (C) if any affected Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the day of the Borrower s receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then (1) in the case of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, such affected Term Benchmark Loans shall automatically, on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto, unless prepaid, convert to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of clause (i) or (ii) above or (y) a Base Rate Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is also the subject of clause (i) or (ii) above, (2) in the case of Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, such affected Term Benchmark Loans shall automatically, on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto, unless prepaid, convert to, and shall constitute, a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing, and (3) in the case of Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies (other than Canadian Dollars), such affected Loans shall, on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto (or, in the case of RFR Loans, on the first Business Day after the date the Borrower receives such notice from the Administrative Agent) be prepaid by the Borrower. 
 (b) (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to U.S. Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark 
 102 

Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make, with the consent of the Borrower, Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (iii) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (B) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (C) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (D) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (b)(iv) below and (E) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower or the Lenders pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) . 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR, the EURIBO Rate or the CDO Rate) and either (x) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (y) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (A) above either (x) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark 
 103 

Replacement) or (y) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (v) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for the borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of any Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (A) in the case of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for the making of, conversion to or continuation of any Term Benchmark Borrowing into a request for the making of, or conversion to, as applicable, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) a Base Rate Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, (B) in the case of Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for the making of, conversion to or continuation of any Term Benchmark Borrowing into a request for the making of, or conversion to, as applicable, a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing or (C) in the case of Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency (other than Canadian Dollars), such request shall be ineffective. Furthermore, if any Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the Relevant Rate applicable to such Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) , (1) in the case of Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, such Loans shall on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto, unless prepaid, convert to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in U.S. Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) a Base Rate Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, (2) in the case of Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, such Loans shall on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto, unless prepaid, convert to, and shall constitute, a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing and (3) in the case of Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, such Loans shall be prepaid by the Borrower on the first Business Day after the date the Borrower receives such notice. 
 104 

3.04 Increased Costs Reserves on Term Benchmark Loans . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e), other than as set forth below) or any L C Issuer 
 (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than Indemnified Taxes and Excluded Taxes) on its loans, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (iii) impose on any Lender or any L C Issuer or the relevant interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to materially increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), to materially increase the cost to such Lender or such L C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit) or to materially reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such L C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or such L C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or any L C Issuer reasonably determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or such L C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or such L C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such L C Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such L C Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such L C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or such L C Issuer or such Lender s or such L C Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such L C Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such L C Issuer s holding company with respect to liquidity or capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L C Issuer or such Lender s or such L C Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or an L C Issuer setting forth in reasonable detail (which shall not require the disclosure of any information that is 
 105 

sensitive, confidential or legally restricted) the basis and calculation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such L C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any L C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such L C Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an L C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six months prior to the date that such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such L C Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 (e) Additional Reserve Requirements . The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including funds or deposits obtained in the relevant interbank market, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Term Benchmark Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive). Such Lender shall deliver a certificate to the Borrower setting forth in reasonable detail a calculation of such actual costs incurred by such Lender and shall certify that it is generally charging such costs to similarly situated customers of the applicable Lender under agreements having provisions similar to this Section 3.04 after consideration of such factors as such Lender then reasonably determines to be relevant (which determination shall be made in good faith). The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Borrower shall have received at least 10 days prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or costs from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest or costs shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice. 
 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses . Upon demand of any Lender or, with respect to clause (c) below, any L C Issuer (in each case with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender or such L C Issuer harmless from any loss (other than lost profit), cost or expense incurred by it as a result of 
 (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Term Benchmark Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise) 
 106 

(b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Term Benchmark Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower 
 (c) any failure by the Borrower to make payment of any Loan or in respect of any drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereon) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency or 
 (d) any assignment of a Term Benchmark Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13 
 but including any foreign exchange losses and loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan, from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract. 
 For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Term Benchmark Loan made by it at the Adjusted Term SOFR, the EURIBO Rate or the CDO Rate for such Loan, as applicable, and each RFR Loan made by it at the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the Daily Simple SONIA or the Daily Simple SARON, as applicable, in each case, by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the relevant interbank market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan was in fact so funded. 
 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to the Borrower through any Lending Office, provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender or any L C Issuer requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, any L C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or any L C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then at the request of the Borrower such Lender or such L C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender or such L C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or L C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 107 

(b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender or L C Issuer requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or L C Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or L C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) , or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or delivers a notice under Section 3.02 the effect of which would be to suspend such Lender s obligation to make or continue Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in the affected Agreed Currency, or in the case of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in U.S. Dollars, to convert Base Rate Loans to Term Benchmark Loans, the Borrower may (x) so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, terminate (on a non-pro rata basis) the applicable Commitments of such Lender or L C Issuer and repay all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Lender or L C Issuer relating to the applicable Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date (provided that, if, after giving effect such termination and repayment, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds the aggregate amount of the Commitments then in effect, then the Borrower shall, not later than the next Business Day, prepay one or more Borrowings (and, if no Borrowings are outstanding, deposit Cash Collateral) in an amount necessary to eliminate such excess) or (y) replace such Lender, in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 10.13 , or L C Issuer, in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.16(c) . 
 
 3.07 Survival . All obligations of the Loan Parties under this Article III shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent. 
 
 ARTICLE IV. 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 
 4.01 Conditions to Closing Date . The occurrence of the Closing Date is subject to satisfaction (or waiver) of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party (to the extent applicable), each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) 
 (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement from the Borrower, each Lender and the Administrative Agent 
 (ii) executed counterparts of the Guarantee Agreement from the Borrower, each Guarantor and the Administrative Agent 
 (iii) Notes executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting Notes at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date 
 108 

(iv) a certificate of each Loan Party, executed by any Responsible Officer of such Loan Party, including or attaching the documents referred to in subclause (v) below 
 (v) a copy of (A) each Organization Document of each Loan Party certified, to the extent applicable, as of a date reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent by the applicable Governmental Authority, (B) signature and incumbency certificates of the Responsible Officers of each Loan Party executing the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (C) resolutions of the Board of Directors and or similar governing bodies of each Loan Party approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, certified by its secretary, an assistant secretary or a Responsible Officer as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment, and (D) a good standing certificate (to the extent such concept exists) from the applicable Governmental Authority of each Loan Party s jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation 
 (vi) executed counterparts of the Agency Transfer Agreement from of Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as predecessor Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Borrower and 
 (vii) a customary written legal opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP, as counsel to the Loan Parties, and legal opinions of each local counsel to the Loan Parties set forth on Schedule 4.01. The Borrower hereby request such counsels to deliver such opinions. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received, to the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date (except as otherwise reasonably agreed by the Borrower), reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall have received all documentation at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date and other information about the Loan Parties that shall have been reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or an Arranger in writing at least 10 Business Days prior to the Closing Date and that the Administrative Agent or such Arranger reasonably determines is required by United States regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the PATRIOT Act and Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 (d) To the extent reasonably requested, the Administrative Agent and each requesting Lender shall have received, at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date, in connection with the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a customary Beneficial Ownership Certification regarding beneficial ownership or control of the Borrower in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each requesting Lender provided that the LSTA 
 109 

form of Beneficial Ownership Certification shall be deemed reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each requesting Lender. 
 (e) All representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in the case of any representation or warranty that by its terms is qualified by materiality, true and correct) as of the Closing Date (other than any such representation and warranty that by its terms refers to a date prior to the Closing Date). 
 (f) There being no Default or Event of Default at the time of the Closing Date. 
 (g) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from the chief financial officer of the Borrower in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto certifying that the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after giving effect to the Transactions are Solvent. 
 (h) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying compliance as of the Closing Date with the conditions set forth in clauses (e), (f) and (j) of Section 4.01 . 
 (i) The Arrangers shall have received (a) U.S. GAAP audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income (loss) or operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of Parent for the three most recently completed fiscal years ended at least 90 days prior to the Closing Date and (b) U.S. GAAP unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income (loss) or operations, stockholders equity and cash flows of Parent for each subsequent fiscal quarter ended at least 45 days before the Closing Date (other than the fourth quarter of any fiscal year and subject to normal year-end adjustments) provided that filing of the required financial statements on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q by Parent will satisfy the foregoing requirements. 
 (j) Since December 31, 2021, there not occurring or becoming known to the Lenders any event, development or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (1) the business, operations, property or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (2) the ability of the Borrower and the Guarantors, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations under the Loan Documents or (3) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, under the Loan Documents. 
 The occurrence of the Closing Date shall be confirmed by a written notice from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Lenders on the Closing Date, and shall be conclusive evidence of the occurrence thereof. Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.02(b) , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the 
 110 

Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 
 4.02 Reserved . 
 
 4.03 Conditions to all Credit Extensions on and after the Closing Date . On and after the Closing Date, the obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to another Type, or a continuation of Term Benchmark Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained in Article V (excluding, in the case of all Credit Extensions made after the Closing Date, the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.04(c), Section 5.05 and Section 5.10 and, in the case of any L C Credit Extension, in the applicable Issuer Documents, shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by reference to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by reference to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.03 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.04 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 . 
 (b) No Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the applicable L C Issuer shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to another Type or a continuation of Term Benchmark Loans) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions specified in Sections 4.03(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, with respect to any Commitment Increase incurred in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, at the request of the Borrower, the conditions set forth above in Section 4.03(a) and Section 4.03(b) shall be tested only at the time the agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is entered into and not, for the avoidance of doubt, at the time of such incurrence. 
 111 

ARTICLE V. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Transactions) that 
 
 5.01 Corporate Existence, Compliance with Law . Each of Parent, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary (a) is duly organized or, as the case may be, incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation (to the extent such concepts exist in such jurisdiction), (b) has all requisite organizational power and authority, and has all material governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals necessary, to own its assets and to carry on its business as now conducted, (c) to the extent applicable in the relevant jurisdiction, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required, and (d) except as set forth on Schedule 3.03 , is in compliance with all Governmental Requirements applicable to it or its property, except, in the case of the foregoing clauses (a) (except as it relates to the due organization and valid existence of the Parent and the Borrower), (b), (c) and (d), as would not, in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 5.02 Power Authorization Enforceable Obligations . The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are within the corporate, limited liability company or partnership (as applicable) powers of each of the Loan Parties party thereto, and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company or partnership (as applicable) and, if required, stockholder, member or partner (as applicable) action (including, any action required to be taken by any class of directors of the Borrower, whether interested or disinterested, in order to ensure the due authorization of this Agreement) on the part of such Loan Parties. Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each applicable Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents dated as of even date herewith does not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority or any other third Person (including shareholders, or any class of directors, whether interested or disinterested, of the Borrower or any other person), nor is any such consent, approval, registration, filing or other action necessary for the validity or enforceability of any such Loan Document, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) those consents, approvals, registrations and filings listed on Schedule 3.04 , (iii) consents and approvals from Governmental Authorities required to be obtained in the ordinary course of business, (iv) such consents, approvals, registrations, filings or other actions, other than those specified in clause (v) below, the absence of which or failure to obtain, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (v) to the extent that the exercise of certain of the rights, powers, privileges and remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may constitute a de jure or de facto voluntary or involuntary assignment of 
 112 

an FCC License or a voluntary or involuntary transfer of de jure or de facto control of the holder of any such FCC License, the FCC s prior consent thereto. 
 
 5.03 No Legal Bar . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Person is a party, the issuance of Letters of Credit, the borrowings and guarantees hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof (a) will not violate any applicable law, regulation or any order of any Governmental Authority (except for any violation of any applicable law, regulation or order of any Governmental Authority that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), (b) will not violate the charter, bylaws or other organizational documents of any Loan Party, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any Material Contractual Obligation binding upon any Loan Party, any Restricted Subsidiary or their properties, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by such Loan Party (except for any of the foregoing that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect) and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any property of Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Liens not prohibited hereunder). 
 
 5.04 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The audited consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2019, December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for Parent for the fiscal years ended on December 31, 2019, December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2021, in each case reported on by and accompanied by unqualified reports from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of Parent as of such date, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the fiscal year then ended. All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by the aforementioned firm of accountants and disclosed therein). 
 (b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheets as at June 30, 2022 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for Parent for the fiscal quarter then ended, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of Parent as of such date, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the fiscal year then ended. All such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved (subject to normal year end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes) unless otherwise disclosed therein. 
 (c) Since December 31, 2021, there has been no development or event, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 5.05 Litigation . Except as disclosed to the Administrative Agent in writing (including by electronic mail) prior to the Closing Date, there are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the 
 113 

knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (after giving effect to applicable insurance). 
 
 5.06 Taxes . Each of Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed by it and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to file such Tax returns or pay such Taxes would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of Taxes are adequate (in accordance with GAAP) in all material respects. No Tax Lien has been filed that is material and is prohibited by Section 7.01 and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no claim is being asserted in writing with respect to any material Tax of Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with GAAP). 
 
 5.07 ERISA . 
 (a) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, Parent, the Borrower, the Restricted Subsidiaries and each ERISA Affiliate have complied in all respects with ERISA and, where applicable, the Code regarding each Plan. 
 (b) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is, and has been, maintained in compliance with ERISA and, where applicable, the Code. 
 (c) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, to the knowledge of any Senior Officer of the Borrower, no act, omission or transaction has occurred which could reasonably be expected to result in imposition on any of Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate (whether directly or indirectly) of (i) either a material civil penalty assessed pursuant to subsections (c), (i) or (l) of section 502 of ERISA or a material tax imposed pursuant to Chapter 43 of Subtitle D of the Code or (ii) material breach of fiduciary duty liability damages under section 409 of ERISA. 
 (d) No Plan or any trust created under any such Plan has been terminated in the six consecutive year period ending on the date hereof and no steps have been taken to terminate any Plan where such termination could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No liability to the PBGC (other than for the payment of current premiums which are not past due) has been or is reasonably expected to be incurred by Parent, the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No ERISA Event with respect to any Plan has occurred where such ERISA Event could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 114 

(e) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) full payment when due has been made of all amounts which Parent, the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is required under the terms of each Plan or applicable law to have paid as contributions to such Plan as of the date hereof, and (ii) no failure to meet the minimum funding standard under section 303 of ERISA or section 430 of the Code, whether or not waived, exists with respect to any Plan. 
 (f) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the actuarial present value of the benefit liabilities under each Plan does not, as of the end of the Borrower s most recently ended fiscal year, exceed the current value of the assets of such Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities, computed in accordance with the actuarial assumptions used for funding such Plan pursuant to Sections 412 and 430 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 
 (g) No contribution failure has occurred with respect to any Plan sufficient to give rise to a material lien under section 303(k) of ERISA in an amount in excess of 100.0 million. 
 (h) Neither Parent, the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred at any time in the six-year period immediately preceding the date hereof, or is reasonably expected to incur withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA to any Multiemployer Plan, except to the extent such withdrawal liability from such Multiemployer Plan would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Parent, the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any ERISA Affiliate has received any notice concerning the determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in critical or endangered status, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (i) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, there are no going-concern unfunded actuarial liabilities, past service unfunded liabilities or solvency deficiencies with respect to any employee benefit plan that is exempt from ERISA by reason of section 4(b)(4) thereof and is sponsored, maintained, or contributed to by Parent, the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 
 5.08 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act . 
 (a) No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used for any purpose which violates the provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 (b) No Loan Party is an investment company within the meaning of, and required to register under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 
 5.09 Patriot Act FCPA OFAC Sanctions . 
 (a) Each Loan Party is in compliance, in all material respects, with (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United 
 115 

States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto (ii) the PATRIOT Act and (iii) the FCPA. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used by the Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries, directly or, to the Loan Parties knowledge, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA. 
 (b) Neither Parent, the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary, nor any director or officer of Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of Parent or the Borrower, any employee or controlled affiliate of Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (i) is a person or is owned or controlled by one or more persons on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (ii) is currently the subject of (x) any US sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (y) any sanctions administered or enforced by the European Union, the United Nations Security Council or His Majesty s Treasury Sanctions or (iii) is located, organized or resident in a country, region or territory which is itself or whose government is the subject or target of any Sanctions. Except as authorized, including, but not limited to, by license, exemption or other provision of Sanctions, none of Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary will, directly or, to the knowledge of Parent or the Borrower, indirectly, use the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, any joint venture partner or any other person to finance or facilitate the activities of or with any person, or in any country, region or territory, that at the time of such financing or facilitating is the subject of any Sanctions, including the US sanctions administered by OFAC, or in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions. 
 
 5.10 Solvency . The Borrower, on a consolidated basis together with its Subsidiaries, giving effect to the Transactions, is Solvent as of the Closing Date. 
 
 5.11 EEA UK Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 5.12 Beneficial Ownership Regulation . As of the Closing Date, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 
 
 ARTICLE VI. 
 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 The Borrower hereby agrees that, so long as any Commitments remain in effect or any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than contingent amounts not yet due), or (except to the extent agreed by the applicable L C Issuer that has issued such Letter of Credit or to the extent such Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount) any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01 , 6.02 and 6.03 cause each Restricted Subsidiary to 
 116 

6.01 Financial Statements . Furnish to the Administrative Agent (except for those documents or other information filed with the SEC and which are publicly available) 
 (a) Annual Financial Statements As soon as available, but in any event in accordance with then applicable law and not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of Parent (or such later date on which Parent is permitted to file its Form 10-K under the SEC rules), Parent s and its Consolidated Subsidiaries audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit other than any such exception or explanatory paragraph that is expressly solely with respect to, or expressly resulting solely from, (x) an upcoming maturity date under any Indebtedness, (y) any potential inability to satisfy any financial maintenance covenant on a future date or in a future period or (z) any breach of any financial covenant) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (except as approved by the Parent s accountants and disclosed therein). 
 (b) Quarterly Financial Statements . As soon as available, but in any event in accordance with then applicable law and not later than 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Parent (or such later date on which Parent is permitted to file its Form 10-Q under the SEC rules), in each case, Parent s and its Consolidated Subsidiaries consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income and comprehensive income and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its senior financial officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Parent and its Consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (except as approved by Parent s accountants and disclosed therein), subject to normal period-end audit adjustments. 
 (c) SEC Reports . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6.01 may be satisfied by furnishing (or filing with the SEC) the Form 10-K or 10-Q (or the equivalent), as applicable, of Parent or any parent thereof filed with the SEC provided that to the extent such information relates to a parent of Parent, such information is accompanied by a description that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such parent, on the one hand, and the information relating to Parent, the Borrower and the Consolidated Subsidiaries, on a stand-alone basis, on the other hand. 
 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information . Furnish to the Administrative Agent in each case for further delivery to each Lender, or, in the case of clause (b), to the relevant Lender 
 (a) concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) , a Compliance Certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower (i) setting 
 117 

forth computations in reasonable detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent demonstrating compliance with the financial covenant contained herein and (ii) certifying as to whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto and 
 (b) promptly following any request therefor, such other information that is reasonably available (upon the use of commercially reasonable efforts) to the Borrower regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of any Loan Party (including, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan and any reports or other information required to be filed under ERISA), or compliance with the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (on its own behalf or on behalf of any Lender) in a written notice given in accordance with Section 10.02 . 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.02, none of Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary will be required to disclose any document, information or other matter (i) that constitutes trade secrets or proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by any requirement of Law or any binding agreement or (iii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
 The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and or the Arrangers may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the L C Issuers materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Company Materials by posting the Company Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (i) all Company Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (ii) by marking Company Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Bookrunners, the L C Issuers and the Lenders to treat such Company Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their respective securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Company Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 (iii) all Company Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall treat any Company Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable for posting, and shall post such Company Materials, only on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. Other than expressly set forth in this paragraph, the Borrower shall have no obligation to make any Company Materials PUBLIC . 
 118 

6.03 Notices . Promptly after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains actual knowledge thereof, notify the Administrative Agent (for further distribution to the Lenders) of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default. Each notice pursuant to this Section shall (a) be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto and (b) describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. Each notice delivered under this Section (i) shall be in writing and (ii) shall contain a heading or a reference line that reads Notice under Section 6.03 of T-Mobile USA, Inc. Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated October 17, 2022. 
 
 6.04 Payment of Taxes . Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all Taxes imposed upon it, except where (a) (i) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (ii) the Borrower or applicable Restricted Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP or (b) the failure to make such payment would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its corporate or other organizational existence (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that the foregoing shall not limit any change in form of entity or organization) and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, franchises, permits and licenses necessary in the normal conduct of its business, except, in each case, as otherwise permitted by Section 7.02 and except (other than in the case of the preservation of existence of Parent and the Borrower) to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 6.06 Compliance with Laws . 
 (a) Comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees with the FCPA and Sanctions. 
 
 6.07 Books and Records Inspection Rights . 
 (a) Keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and in all material respects correct entries in conformity with (i) GAAP and (ii) all requirements of Law, are made of all material dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities and 
 (b) At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior written notice, and as coordinated by such Lenders through the 
 119 

Administrative Agent, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as reasonably requested on an individual and aggregate basis provided that any discussions with such independent accountants shall be in the presence of the Borrower s officers. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.07 , no Loan Party will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter (i) that constitutes trade secrets or proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by any requirement of Law or any binding agreement or (iii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
 
 6.08 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for working capital and other general corporate purposes and not in violation of Section 5.09 . 
 
 6.09 Designation of Subsidiaries . The Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, designate any Restricted Subsidiary to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary and subsequently re-designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary if (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (y) prior to and after giving effect to such designation or re-designation, the Borrower shall be in compliance on a pro forma basis with the financial covenant set forth in Section 7.04 . The re-designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of the Liens of such Subsidiary existing at such time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as of the date hereof, each entity listed on Schedule 6.09 is an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 
 ARTICLE VII. 
 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than contingent amounts not yet due), or (except to the extent agreed by the applicable L C Issuer that has issued such Letter of Credit or to the extent such Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount) any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding 
 
 7.01 Liens . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien securing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following 
 (a) Liens created under any Loan Document 
 (b) Liens existing on the Closing Date (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Liens on assets supporting or otherwise in connection with Permitted Spectrum Financings 
 120 

existing on the Closing Date) and any renewals, modifications or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed other than improvements thereto and proceeds thereof and (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased except in connection with any refinancings, refundings, renewals, replacements, modifications or extensions thereof by an amount equal to a premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with the foregoing, and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder 
 (c) Liens existing on any property prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or existing on property of a Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary prior to the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case after the date hereof provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than, with respect to such Person, any replacements of such property and additions and accessions thereto and proceeds and products thereof, after-acquired property of such Person subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are not prohibited hereunder that require or include, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired property of such Person, and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits in respect thereof and in the case of multiple financings of equipment provided by any lender, other equipment financed by such lender, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition) and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations it secures on the date of acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable and any refinancings, refundings, renewals, replacements or extensions secured or benefitted thereby 
 (d) Liens on Permitted Receivables Financing Assets (including liens on any deposit or other accounts primarily holding Permitted Receivables Financing Assets and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Liens on Spectrum) supporting or otherwise in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing or any assets supporting or otherwise in connection with any Permitted Tower Financing 
 (e) Liens on any property of any subsidiary of Parent in favor of a Loan Party or any subsidiary thereof 
 (f) Liens on assets (other than Spectrum) to secure any indebtedness (including Financing Lease Obligations) incurred to finance the purchase, lease, construction, installation, replacement, repair or improvement of property (real or personal), equipment or any other asset, whether through the direct purchase of assets or the capital stock of any Person owning such assets, so long as such indebtedness exists at the date of such purchase, lease or improvement or is created within 12 months thereafter provided that Liens securing indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to this clause (f) extend only to the assets financed with the proceeds of such indebtedness, accessions to such assets and the proceeds and products thereof, any lease or sublease of such assets (including accessions thereto), any 
 121 

upgrades thereof and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits in respect thereof provided , however , that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender 
 (g) Liens created in connection with a project financed with, and created to secure, a Nonrecourse Obligation and 
 (h) Liens securing Indebtedness not expressly permitted by clauses (a) through (g) above provided that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Indebtedness for Borrowed Money secured by such other Liens pursuant to this clause (h) does not, at the time of, and after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, exceed the Maximum Secured Debt Limit provided that the Maximum Secured Debt Limit may be exceeded at the time of any refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement, modifications or extension of any such Indebtedness so long as the aggregate principal amount of such refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement, modifications or extension does not exceed the amount then outstanding except by an amount equal to a premium or other reasonable amount paid, and accrued and unpaid interest, and fees and expenses incurred in connection with the foregoing. 
 
 7.02 Fundamental Changes . The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, merge, dissolve, liquidate, or consolidate with or into another Person, except that, subject to Section 1.13 , so long as no Default exists or would result therefrom 
 (a) the Borrower may merge or otherwise consolidate with any Person if (i) the Borrower is the surviving Person or (ii) the surviving Person (any such Person, the Successor Borrower (A) shall be an entity incorporated or formed under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and (B) assumes in writing all of the Borrower s Obligations pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and provides to the Administrative Agent all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent (or any Lender, through the Administrative Agent), with results reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and 
 (b) any Restricted Subsidiary may dissolve, liquidate, merge or otherwise consolidate with or into any Person provided that if such other Person is the Borrower, such transaction shall comply with clause (a) above. 
 Upon any consolidation by the Borrower with or merger by the Borrower into any other Person, the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Borrower is merged shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Borrower under this Agreement with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Borrower herein. 
 
 7.03 Sanctions and Anti-Corruption . Except as authorized, including but not limited to, by license, exemption or other provision of Sanctions, neither Parent, the Borrower nor any 
 122 

Subsidiary will, directly or, to the knowledge of Parent or the Borrower, indirectly use the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, any joint venture partner or other person to finance or facilitate the activities of or with any person, or in any country, region or territory, that at the time of such financing or facilitating is the subject of any Sanctions, including sanctions administered by OFAC, or in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions. Neither Parent, the Borrower nor any Subsidiary will directly, or, to the knowledge of Parent or the Borrower, indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA. 
 
 7.04 Leverage Ratio . The Borrower shall not permit the Leverage Ratio determined on a pro forma basis as of the last day of any Test Period (commencing with the Test Period ending December 31, 2022) to exceed 4.50 to 1.00. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII. 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 
 8.01 Events of Default . An Event of Default shall occur if any of the following events shall occur and be continuing provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both has been satisfied 
 (a) Non-Payment . (i) the Borrower shall fail to pay, in the Agreed Currency required hereunder, any principal of any Loan or L C Borrowing or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any L C Obligation when due in accordance with the terms hereof or (ii) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any L C Obligation, or any Loan Party shall fail to pay any fee or other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, within five Business Days after any such interest, fee or other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . Any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in clause (a) of Section 6.05 (with respect to the Borrower only), Section 6.03 provided that the delivery of the notice referred to in such Section 6.03 at any time will cure any such Event of Default arising from the failure to timely deliver such notice of default, except where a Responsible Officer had actual knowledge both that the underlying Default or Event of Default had occurred and that delivery of notice of such underlying Default or Event of Default was required, and such Responsible Officer failed to cause such notice to be delivered in accordance with Section 6.03 or Article VII 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any covenant or other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than as provided in clauses (a) , (b) and (d) of this Section 8.01 ), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days following delivery of written notice thereof to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or 
 123 

(d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document or that is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement required to be furnished by such Loan Party at any time under this Agreement or any such other Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made or furnished or 
 (e) Cross-Default . Parent, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary (or any Restricted Subsidiaries that together would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) shall default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money borrowed by Parent, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary (or any Restricted Subsidiaries that together would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) (or the payment of which Indebtedness for Borrowed Money is guaranteed by Parent, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that together would constitute a Significant Subsidiary), whether such Indebtedness or guarantee now exists, or is created hereafter, if that default 
 (i) is caused by a failure to pay principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on, such Indebtedness prior to the expiration of the grace period provided in such Indebtedness on the date of such default (a Payment Default or 
 (ii) results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness prior to its express maturity 
 and, in each case, the principal amount of any such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such Indebtedness under which there has been a Payment Default or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregates an amount equal to the Threshold Amount or more, in each case for so long as such failure or acceleration is continuing provided that upon becoming an Event of Default, such Event of Default shall be deemed to have been remedied and shall no longer be continuing if any such defaults, events or conditions are remedied or waived prior to any acceleration of the Loans pursuant to the below provisions of this Article VIII by any of the holders or beneficiaries of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holders or beneficiaries) and, after giving effect thereto, at such time, one or more defaults, events or conditions of the type described in subclause (i) or (ii) of this clause (e) shall no longer be continuing with respect to such Indebtedness or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. (x) Parent, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary (or any Restricted Subsidiaries that together would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) shall 
 (i) commence a voluntary case under any Bankruptcy Law, 
 (ii) consent to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case under any Bankruptcy Law, 
 124 

(iii) consent to the appointment of a custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, 
 (iv) make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or 
 (v) generally not be paying its debts as they become due 
 or (y) a court of competent jurisdiction shall enter a final order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that 
 (i) is for relief against Parent, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case 
 (ii) appoints a custodian of Parent, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary or for all or substantially all of the property of Parent, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary or 
 (iii) orders the liquidation of Parent, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary 
 and the final order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 90 consecutive days (in respect of clause (y)(i) above or 60 consecutive days (in respect of clause (y)(ii) and (y)(iii) above) or 
 (g) Judgments . Parent, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary (or any Restricted Subsidiaries that together would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) shall fail to pay or discharge final judgments entered by a court or courts of competent jurisdiction aggregating in excess of the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by insurance), which judgments are not paid, discharged or stayed for a period of 60 consecutive days following entry of such final judgment or decree during which a stay of enforcement of such final judgment or decree, by reason of pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect or 
 (h) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations that survive the termination of any Loan Document), ceases to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document or any Loan Party denies that it 
 125 

has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document, except to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder or thereunder or 
 (i) ERISA . There shall occur one or more ERISA Events which individually or in the aggregate results in or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect during the term hereof or there shall be a lien in favor of any Plan as provided under Section 430(k) of the Code or under Section 303(k) of ERISA in an amount that would result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (j) Change of Control Triggering Event . Any Change of Control Triggering Event shall occur. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each Lender and the Administrative Agent hereby acknowledge and agree that a restatement of historical financial statements shall not result in a Default hereunder (whether pursuant to Section 5.04 as it relates to a representation made with respect to such financial statements (including any interim unaudited financial statements) or pursuant to Section 6.01 as it relates to delivery requirements for financial statements) to the extent that such restatement does not reveal any material adverse difference in the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of Parent and its subsidiaries in the previously reported information from actual results reflected in such restatement for any relevant prior period. 
 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions 
 (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of each L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated 
 (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower 
 (c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto) and 
 (d) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of each L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions 
 126 

shall automatically terminate, and the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations pursuant to clause (c) above shall automatically become effective, in each case, without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 
 8.03 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.14 and 2.15 , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L C Issuers (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and L C Issuers and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L C Borrowings and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and the L C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them 
 Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders and the L C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them 
 Fifth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L C Issuers, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.14, ratably among the L C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fifth held by them and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full (other than contingent indemnification obligations not yet due or owing), to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 
 Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and 2.14 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash 
 127 

Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 
 ARTICLE IX. 
 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 9.01 Authorization and Action . 
 (a) Each Lender and each L C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each L C Issuer authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each L C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 
 (b) As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and each L C Issuer provided , however , that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the L C Issuers with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors provided , further , that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to Parent, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable 
 128 

grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 (c) In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the L C Issuers (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 (i) the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, L C Issuer or holder of any other obligation other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties) additionally, each Lender and L C Issuer agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and or the transactions contemplated hereby and 
 (ii) nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender or L C Issuer for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account 
 (d) The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 
 (e) None of any Arranger or Bookrunner shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 
 129 

(f) In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to any Loan Party under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L C Advances and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L C Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.09, 2.10, 3.01, 3.04 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each L C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders or the L C Issuers, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 10.04 ). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or L C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or L C Issuer or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or L C Issuer in any such proceeding. 
 (g) The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuers, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrower s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, none of Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. 
 
 9.02 Administrative Agent s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc . 
 (a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable 
 130 

judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any (i) notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth or described in Section 6.03 unless and until written notice thereof stating that it is a notice under Section 6.03 in respect of this Agreement and identifying the specific clause under said Section is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, or (ii) notice of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of Default or a notice of an Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an L C Issuer. Further, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (A) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (B) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (C) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (D) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (E) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 4 or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for, or be responsible for any Liabilities, costs or expenses suffered by Parent, the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any Lender or any L C Issuer as a result of, any determination of the Revolving Credit Exposure, any of the component amounts thereof or any portion thereof attributable to each Lender or L C Issuer. 
 (c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder (to the extent not inconsistent with the Register) until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 10.06 , (ii) shall rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 10.06 (c), (iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or L C Issuer and shall not be responsible to any Lender or L C Issuer for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance 
 131 

with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an L C Issuer, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or L C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or L C Issuer sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Lenders or Competitors or the Assignment Threshold. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Lender or Competitor or whether any assignment would cause any Lender to exceed the Assignment Threshold or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information to, any Disqualified Lender or Competitor or any assignment that would cause any Lender to exceed the Assignment Threshold. 
 
 9.03 Posting of Communications . 
 (a) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the L C Issuers by posting the Communications on IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ). 
 (b) Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Closing Date, a user ID password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the L C Issuers and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the L C Issuers and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 132 

(c) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY BOOKRUNNER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY L C ISSUER OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTY S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. 
 (d) Each Lender and each L C Issuer agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and L C Issuer agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s or L C Issuer s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 
 (e) Each of the Lenders, each of the L C Issuers and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 
 (f) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 
 
 9.04 The Administrative Agent Individually . With respect to its Commitment, Loans (including Swingline Loans), Letter of Credit Commitments and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or L C Issuer, as the case may be. The terms L C Issuers , 
 133 

Lenders , Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, L C Issuer or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the L C Issuers. 
 
 9.05 Successor Administrative Agent . (a) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the L C Issuers and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent s giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the L C Issuers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 
 (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the L C Issuers and the Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender and each L C Issuer. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 , as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set 
 134 

forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 
 9.06 Acknowledgements of Lenders and L C Issuers . Each Lender and each L C Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L C Issuer, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each L C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Bookrunner or any other Lender or L C Issuer, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such L C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each L C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Bookrunner or any other Lender or L C Issuer, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Closing Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Closing Date. 
 
 9.07 Erroneous Payments . 
 (a) Each Lender hereby agrees that (i) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender 
 135 

shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in Same Day Funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 9.07 shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (i) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (ii) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in Same Day Funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (c) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (i) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (ii) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making a payment to satisfy certain Obligations and is not otherwise repaid or returned to a Loan Party by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates, whether pursuant to a legal proceeding or otherwise. 
 (d) Each party s obligations under this Section 9.07 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations 
 136 

by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 
 9.08 Withholding Tax . To the extent required by any applicable Laws (including for this purpose, pursuant to any agreements entered into with a Governmental Authority), the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. If the IRS or any other authority of the United States or other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender for any reason (including, without limitation, because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective), such Lender shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent (to the extent that the Administrative Agent has not already been reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so) for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as Tax or otherwise, including any interest, additions to Tax or penalties thereto, together with all expenses incurred, including legal expenses and any other out-of-pocket expenses, whether or not such Tax was correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by an Administrative Agent shall be deemed presumptively correct absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Section 9.08 . The agreements in this Section 9.08 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender. For purposes of this Section 9.08 , the term Lender includes each L C Issuer and each Swingline Lender. 
 
 ARTICLE X. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc. Except as provided in Sections 1.06 , 2.18 and 3.03 , no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders, the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party which is signatory to the Loan Document subject to amendment, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 (a) reserved 
 137 

(b) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender 
 (c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment (excluding mandatory prepayments) of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender or L C Issuer directly affected thereby 
 (d) except as provided in Section 2.18 , reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iv) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate 
 (e) change Section 8.03 without the written consent of each Lender adversely affected thereby 
 (f) release all or substantially all of the Guarantors without the written consent of each Lender (except as otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents, including Section 10.25 
 (g) change any provision of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder without the written consent of each Lender 
 (h) reserved 
 (i) change Section 2.12(f) or Section 2.13 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender adversely affected thereby or 
 (j) amend Section 1.06 or the definition of Alternative Currency without the written consent of each L C Issuer 
 and provided , further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by a Swingline Lender or L C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of such Swingline Lender or L C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it, (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (iii) any Issuer Document may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the Borrower (and any Subsidiary party thereto) and the L C Issuer party thereto and (iv) any provision of this Agreement or any 
 138 

other Loan Document may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by Parent, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect, technical error or inconsistency without the consent of any Lender, Swingline Lender or L C Issuer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent, Parent and the Borrower (i) to add one or more additional revolving credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit and all related obligations and liabilities arising in connection therewith from time to time outstanding to share ratably (or on a basis subordinated to the existing facilities hereunder) in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the obligations and liabilities from time to time outstanding in respect of the existing facilities hereunder, and (ii) in connection with the foregoing, to permit, as deemed appropriate by the Administrative Agent and approved by the Required Lenders, the Lenders providing such additional credit facilities to participate in any required vote or action required to be approved by the Required Lenders or by any other number, percentage or class of Lenders hereunder. 
 The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, this Agreement may also be amended in the manner provided in Section 2.18 . 
 
 10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communication . 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or internationally recognized overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or an L C Issuer, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 and 
 (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of 
 139 

notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrower). 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or internationally recognized overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b) . 
 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L C Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any L C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or such L C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, each L C Issuer and the Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) , if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 
 (c) Reserved . 
 (d) Change of Address, Etc . Parent, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each L C Issuer may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the L C Issuers. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at 
 140 

least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Company Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or their its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 
 (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L C Issuers and Lenders . The Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic notices, Loan Notices and Letter of Credit Applications) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each L C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower, except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Person as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies Enforcement . No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L C Issuers provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any L C Issuer from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as an L C Issuer) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on 
 141 

its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) , (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 
 10.04 Expenses Indemnity Limitation of Liability Damage Waiver . 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . To the extent that the Closing Date occurs, the Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Bookrunners and their respective Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements one firm of outside counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the Facility, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the L C Issuers in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel for the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where such of the Administrative Agent, the Lender and the L C Issuer that is affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of outside counsel for the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be), and, if necessary, of a single firm of outside local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and of such other outside counsel retained with the prior written consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed)), (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such reasonable, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of any Loan Document or during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Arrangers, the Bookrunners, the L C Issuers and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, penalties, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel for the Indemnitees, taken as a whole and, if necessary, of a single firm of outside local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) material to the interests of all such Indemnitees, taken as a whole (and, in 
 142 

the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict notifies the Borrower of the existence of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of outside counsel for such Indemnitee)), joint or several, to which any such Indemnitee may become subject to the extent arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the syndication of Commitments hereunder, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the Transactions any other transactions contemplated thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by an L C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Environmental Liability relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (including any predecessor entities) and (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, in each case whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or any director, shareholder or creditor of the foregoing, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, penalties, damages, liabilities or related fees or expenses (in the cases of clauses (A) and (B) , as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment) have resulted from either (A) the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Indemnified Person, (B) the material breach of such Indemnitee s or its Related Indemnified Person s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (C) a dispute solely among Indemnitees (other than any claims against any Indemnitee in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, Arranger, Bookrunner or any similar role under the Loan Documents) not arising from any act or omission of Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the foregoing, (D) any settlement of any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding if the amount of such settlement was effected without the Borrower s consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) (provided that, if settled with the Borrower s written consent or if there is a final judgment for the plaintiff in any such actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding, the Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from and against any and all losses, claims, penalties, damages, liabilities and related expenses by reason of such settlement or judgment in accordance with the terms of this clause (b)), or (E) indemnification payments by Lenders made pursuant to Section 10.04(c) , to the extent the Borrower would not have been or was not required to make such indemnification payments directly pursuant to the provisions of this Section 10.04(b) . Without limiting the provisions of 
 143 

Section 3.01(c) , this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, penalties, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by the Borrower under paragraphs (a), (b) or (d) of this Section 10.04 to the Administrative Agent, each L C Issuer and each Swingline Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which such payment is sought under this Section (or, if such payment is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), and agrees to indemnify and hold each Agent-Related Person harmless from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent-Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such provided further that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from such Agent-Related Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 (d) Limitation of Liability. To the extent permitted by applicable law (i) the Borrower and any Loan Party shall not assert, and the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Bookrunner, any L C Issuer and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any Liabilities against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof provided that, nothing in this Section 10.04(d) shall relieve the Borrower of any obligation it may have to indemnify or reimburse an Indemnitee, as provided in Section 10.04(b), against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor. 
 144 

(f) Survival . The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the resignation of the Administrative Agent or any L C Issuer, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and each L C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and the L C Issuers under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its respective rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans under the Facility (including for purposes of this 
 145 

subsection (b), participations in L C Obligations or Swingline Loans) at the time owing to it) provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) Reserved 
 (ii) Minimum Amounts. 
 (A) in the case of (x) an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitments or Loans under the Facility, (y) contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignment) that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(ii)(B) of this Section in the aggregate, or (z) an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(ii)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the trade date, shall not be less than 10,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consent (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (iii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned 
 (iv) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(ii)(B) of this Section and, in addition 
 (A) The prior written consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) with respect to a Loan Party has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender, and does not result in such Lender, its Affiliates and Approved Funds collectively exceeding the Assignment Threshold provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to 
 146 

the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after having received notice thereof 
 (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender 
 (C) the consent of each L C Issuer (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment of Commitments, unless such assignment is made by a Lender to an Affiliate of such Lender and 
 (D) the consent of each Swingline Lender (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment of Commitments, unless such assignment is made by a Lender to an Affiliate of such Lender. 
 (v) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500 provided, however, that (i) the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment and (ii) neither a Non-Accepting Lender nor a Non-Consenting Lender shall be required to execute an Assignment and Assumption and such Assignment and Assumption shall become effective upon execution thereof by the other parties thereto, the payment of the processing and recordation fee (if applicable) and the satisfaction of the other conditions set forth in Section 10.13 and, if applicable, Section 2.16(c). The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (vi) No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made (A) to those Persons separately identified as disqualified lenders in writing to the Administrative Agent by email to JPMDQ_contact jpmorgan.com as of the Closing Date (each, together with its Affiliates described in clause (C) below, a Disqualified Lender ), (B) to those Persons who are competitors of the Borrower that are separately clearly identified by name in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent by email to JPMDQ_contact jpmorgan.com from time to time (each, together with its Affiliates described in clause (C) below, a Competitor ), (C) to any Affiliate (other than a bona fide debt fund that (I) is an Affiliate of a Person designated pursuant to clause (A) or (B) that is not a bona fide debt fund and (II) is primarily engaged in or that advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds or similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course) of a Person identified pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above that is either (x) identified in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent by email to JPMDQ_contact jpmorgan.com from time to time or (y) clearly identifiable as an Affiliate of such Person on the basis of such Affiliate s name, (D) to any Defaulting 
 147 

Lender or any of its subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (D) or (E) to a natural Person (or to a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person) provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) in no event shall being identified as a Competitor or a Disqualified Lender retroactively disqualify any parties that have previously acquired an assignment or participation hereunder that is otherwise permitted, or any parties that have entered into a binding agreement with respect thereto, from becoming a Lender or a Participant (provided, further, that any such Lender shall not be permitted to acquire any further Loans, Commitments or participations from and after the date of such designation), (ii) if the Borrower provides written consent to assignment to an entity identified as a Disqualified Lender or Competitor, such entity will not be considered a Disqualified Lender or Competitor, as applicable, for the purpose of such assignment or participation and (iii) any additional designation permitted by the foregoing shall not become effective until two (2) Business Days following delivery. Upon an inquiry by any Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent is permitted to disclose to such inquiring Lender the list of Disqualified Lenders and Competitors in clauses (A), (B) and (C) above. 
 (vii) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (A) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (B) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning 
 148 

Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment provided , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of the Loans and L C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the L C Issuers and, with respect to its interests only, any Lender (except to the extent that greater disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or L C Obligation is in registered form), at the Administrative Agent s Office (or, at the discretion of the Administrative Agent, through electronic means) or, at the option of the inspector, an office maintained by the Administrative Agent in New York, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. This Section 10.06(c) and Section 2.11 are intended so that all Loans are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and any related United States Treasury Regulations (or any other relevant or successor provisions of the Code or of such United States Treasury Regulations). No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this subsection. 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or any L C Issuer, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person, a Disqualified Lender, a Competitor or a Defaulting Lender) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L C Obligations and Swingline Loans) owing to it) provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers, the Swingline Lender and the Lenders shall continue to 
 149 

deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. The Borrower agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.01(e) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered solely to the Lender who sells the participation) provided that such Participant (A) shall be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under subsection (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant shall be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central banking authority provided that no such pledge or 
 150 

assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (f) Reserved . 
 (g) Assignments to the Borrower. The Borrower, their Affiliates and the Subsidiaries may not purchase or otherwise be the assignee of Loans or Commitments. 
 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuers agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective officers, directors, employees, advisors (including legal counsel), independent auditors, professionals and other experts, agents or representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential, and any failure of such Persons to comply with this Section 10.07 shall constitute a breach of this Section 10.07 by the Administrative Agent, the relevant L C Issuer or the relevant Lender, as applicable), (b) to the extent (i) requested or demanded by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties, pursuant to the order of any court or administrative agency or in any pending legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, or otherwise as required by applicable law, rule or regulation or compulsory legal process based on the reasonable advice of counsel, or otherwise required by applicable law or by any subpoena or similar legal process or (ii) reasonably necessary in connection with the exercise of remedies with respect to, or the enforcement of, such Person s rights under any Loan Document provided that, (A) in each case, unless prohibited by applicable law or court order, such Person shall, to the extent practicable, promptly notify the Borrower thereof prior to disclosure (other than any such request in connection with an audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any governmental bank or other regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority) and (B) in the case of clause (ii) only, and at the Borrower s sole expense, such Person shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that such Information is kept confidential in connection with the exercise of such remedies, (c) to any other party hereto, (d) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Sections 2.16(c) or 2.17(c) or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its or its Affiliates partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives) to any swap, derivative, risk protection or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder provided that such information shall not be shared with any Competitors previously identified to the Administrative Agent and Lenders pursuant to Section 10.06(b)(vi) , (e) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder, (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder or (iii) any insurer or credit risk support provider, (f) with the consent of the Borrower or (g) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a 
 151 

result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to or is independently developed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates from a source other than Parent or the Borrower that is not to such Lender s knowledge subject to confidentiality obligations to the Borrower. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments. For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower or any subsidiary thereof relating to the Borrower or any subsidiary thereof or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any subsidiary thereof. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuers acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning Parent or the Borrower or their subsidiaries, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws. 
 Nothing in any Loan Document shall prevent disclosure of any confidential information or other matter to the extent that preventing that disclosure would otherwise cause any transaction contemplated by the Loan Documents, or any transaction carried out in connection with any transaction contemplated thereby, to become an arrangement described in Part II A 1 of Annex IV of Directive 2011 16 EU. 
 
 10.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each L C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency, but excluding deposits in (a) payroll accounts, (b) health savings accounts, worker s compensation accounts and other employee benefits accounts, (c) withholding tax accounts and (d) fiduciary or escrow accounts) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, such L C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party then due and owing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such L C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, such L C Issuer or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender or such L C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided that, in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall 
 152 

exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.15 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each L C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such L C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and each L C Issuer agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the reductions of the Letter of Credit Commitment of any L C Issuer constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 10.02), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or the transactions contemplated hereby and or thereby (each an Ancillary 
 153 

Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (B) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (C) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (D) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower and or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. Notwithstanding the foregoing, delivery of an electronic signature via DocuSign (or other electronic signature program reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed signature page with respect to any Loan Document (other than this Agreement and any amendment thereof) or any other Ancillary Document. 
 154 

10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or (except as may be Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount or as otherwise agreed by the applicable L C Issuer) any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 
 
 10.12 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuers, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders . If the Borrower are entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06 , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, Non-Accepting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender or if any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, either (i) require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04 in respect of the period(s) during which it was a Lender) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that 
 (a) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 10.06(b) 
 (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and L C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from (or on behalf of) the assignee (to the extent of such 
 155 

outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) 
 (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws and 
 (e) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Accepting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent 
 or (ii) so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, terminate (on a non-pro rata basis) the Commitments of such Non-Accepting Lender or Non-Consenting Lender and repay all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Non-Accepting Lender or Non-Consenting Lender relating to the applicable Loans and participations held by such Non-Accepting Lender or Non-Consenting Lender as of such termination date provided that, in the case of a Non-Consenting Lender, such termination shall be sufficient (together with all other consenting or accepting Lenders and all other assignments or terminations under this Section 10.13 to cause the adoption of the applicable waiver or amendment of the applicable Loan Document or Loan Documents). 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc. 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING, IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE 
 156 

SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) Service of Process . Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 10.02. Nothing in any Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Loan Party 
 157 

acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Bookrunners, the L C Issuers and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Bookrunners, the L C Issuers and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Bookrunner, each L C Issuer and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Bookrunners, any L C Issuer or any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Bookrunners, the L C Issuers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, any other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Bookrunners, any L C Issuer or any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees not to assert any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Bookrunners, any L C Issuer or any Lender with respect to any alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 
 10.17 Reserved . 
 
 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender and each L C Issuer that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender or any L C Issuer) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender, such L C Issuer or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 
 
 10.19 Judgment Currency . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into 
 158 

another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer from the Borrower or any other Loan Party in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agree, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer in such currency, the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable Law). 
 
 10.20 ENTIRE AGREEMENT . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 
 
 10.21 Lender ERISA Representation . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate 
 159 

accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and Bookrunner hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking 
 160 

fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 (d) For purposes of this Section 10.21 , the following definitions apply to each of the capitalized terms below 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 10.22 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 
 10.23 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or 
 161 

any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (b) As used in this Section 10.23 , the following terms have the following meanings 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 162 

10.24 Amendment and Restatement . The Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Lenders each agree that, upon (i) the execution of this Agreement by each of the parties hereto and (ii) satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.01 , the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be and hereby are amended, superseded and restated in their entirety by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to and shall not constitute a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement or the Indebtedness and obligations created thereunder. The commitments of each bank that is a party to the Existing Credit Agreement shall, on the Closing Date, automatically be deemed amended and the only commitments shall be those hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, upon the effectiveness hereof, (a) all Loans and Letters of Credit incurred under the Existing Credit Agreement which are outstanding on the Closing Date shall continue as Loans and Letters of Credit under (and shall be governed by the terms of) this Agreement, (b) all obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement with any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender which are outstanding on the Closing Date shall continue as obligations under this Agreement and (c) the Administrative Agent shall have full power and authority to allocate the Commitments of the Lender as in effect immediately prior to the Closing Date such that, immediately after giving effect to such allocations on the Closing Date, each Lender shall hold the Commitment and Letter of Credit Commitment set forth next to its name on Schedules 1.01(a) and 2.01 hereto, respectively, and the Lenders further consent to any such assignments and transfers, as may be necessary (including, without limitation, assignments of funded obligations) to effect the allocations described in this clause (c)). 
 
 10.25 Release of Subsidiary Guarantors . 
 (a) If, in compliance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement, any Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary or all or substantially all of the assets of such Guarantor are sold, exchanged, disposed or otherwise transferred (including through merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution), then such Guarantor shall, in the discretion of the Borrower upon notice in writing to the Administrative Agent, automatically be released from its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Guarantor Obligations created by the Guarantee Agreement in respect of such Guarantor shall automatically terminate and be released, and thereafter such Person shall no longer constitute a Guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents. 
 (b) Upon the occurrence of a Guarantee Release Event, each such Subsidiary Guarantor shall, upon the written election of the Borrower, automatically be released from its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Guarantor Obligations created by the Guarantee Agreement in respect of each such Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically terminate and be released, and thereafter each such Person shall no longer constitute a Guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents. 
 (c) Any Restricted Subsidiary that becomes a Guarantor pursuant to clause (ii) of the definition of Subsidiary Guarantor shall, at any time, in the discretion of the Borrower upon notice in writing to the Administrative Agent, automatically be released from its 
 163 

obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Guarantor Obligations created by the Guarantee Agreement in respect of such Guarantor shall automatically terminate and be released, and thereafter such Person shall no longer constitute a Guarantor under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents. 
 (d) At the request of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall, at the Borrower s expense, execute such documents as are reasonably necessary to acknowledge any such release in accordance with this Section 10.25 , so long as the Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent a certificate, signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying as to satisfaction of the requirements set forth above and the release of such Guarantor s guarantee in compliance with this Agreement. 
 Signature pages follow 
 164 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 T-MOBILE USA, INC. 
 as Borrower 
 By s Peter Osvaldik Name Peter Osvaldik Title Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 By s Ryan Zimmerman 
 Name Ryan Zimmerman 
 Title Vice President 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Ryan Zimmerman 
 Name Ryan Zimmerman 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Sean Duggan 
 Name Sean Duggan 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

CITIBANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Michael Vondriska 
 Name Michael Vondriska 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Doreen Barr 
 Name Doreen Barr 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 By s Wesley Cronin 
 Name Wesley Cronin 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Annie Chung 
 Name Annie Chung 
 Title Director 
 
 By s Marko Lukin 
 Name Marko Lukin 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Rebecca Kratz 
 Name Rebecca Kratz 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Michael King 
 Name Michael King 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., 
 as a Lender 
 By s Michael King 
 Name Michael King 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Royal Bank of Canada, 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Gill Skala 
 Name Gill Skala 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender, Swingline Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Spencer Ferry 
 Name Spencer Ferry 
 Title Director 
 
 WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC 
 By s Stephen Locke 
 Name Stephen Locke 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

BANCO SANTANDER, S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Pablo Urgoiti 
 Name Pablo Urgoiti 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 By s Andres Barbosa 
 Name Andres Barbosa 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

BNP Paribas, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Nicole Rodriguez 
 Name Nicole Rodriguez 
 Title Director 
 
 By s Nicolas Doche 
 Name Nicolas Doche 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

COMMERZBANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Paolo de Alessandrini 
 Name Paolo de Alessandrini 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 By s Mathew Ward 
 Name Mathew Ward 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Jill Wong 
 Name Jill Wong 
 Title Director 
 
 By s Gordon Yip 
 Name Gordon Yip 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Mizuho Bank, Ltd., 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Tracy Rahn 
 Name Tracy Rahn 
 Title Executive Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

MUFG BANK, LTD., 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Marlon Mathews 
 Name Marlon Mathews 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Societe Generale, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Shelley Yu 
 Name Shelley Yu 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Nabeel Shah 
 Name Nabeel Shah 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Kristen Posluszny 
 Name Kristen Posluszny 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Truist Bank, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Alfonso Brigham 
 Name Alfonso Brigham 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Susan Bader 
 Name Susan Bader 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

ING Bank N.V., Dublin Branch, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Cormac Langford 
 Name Cormac Langford 
 Title Director 
 
 By s Sean Hassett 
 Name Sean Hassett 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

NATIONAL WESTMINSTER BANK PLC, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Alex Maltby 
 Name Alex Maltby 
 Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Larry Jackson 
 Name Larry Jackson 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
 as a Lender and L C Issuer 
 By s Michelle C. Phillips 
 Name Michelle C. Phillips 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 tmus12312022ex211.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 
 The following is a list of subsidiaries of T-Mobile US, Inc. as of December 31, 2022. Certain subsidiaries were omitted which, considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 
 
 Name State of Incorporation American Telecasting of Seattle, LLC Delaware APC Realty and Equipment Company, LLC Delaware Assurance Wireless of South Carolina, LLC Delaware Assurance Wireless USA, L.P. Delaware ATI Sub, LLC Delaware AWI Network Holdings, LLC Utah Clear Wireless LLC Nevada Clearwire Communications LLC Delaware Clearwire Hawaii Partners Spectrum, LLC Nevada Clearwire International, LLC Washington Clearwire Legacy LLC Delaware Clearwire Spectrum Holdings II LLC Nevada Clearwire Spectrum Holdings III LLC Nevada Clearwire Spectrum Holdings LLC Nevada Clearwire XOHM LLC Delaware Connect CCC, LLC Delaware Finco Depositor I LLC Delaware Finco Depositor II LLC Delaware Finco Depositor III LLC Delaware Finco Depositor IV LLC Delaware Finco Owner Trust I Delaware Finco Owner Trust II Delaware Finco Owner Trust III Delaware Finco Owner Trust IV Delaware Finco Owner Trust V Delaware Finco Owner Trust VI Delaware Finco Owner Trust VII Delaware Finco Owner Trust VIII Delaware Finco Owner Trust IX Delaware Finco Owner Trust X Delaware Fixed Wireless Holdings, LLC Delaware IBSV LLC Delaware MetroPCS California, LLC Delaware MetroPCS Florida, LLC Delaware MetroPCS Georgia, LLC Delaware MetroPCS Massachusetts, LLC Delaware MetroPCS Michigan, LLC Delaware MetroPCS Nevada, LLC Delaware MetroPCS New York, LLC Delaware 

MetroPCS Pennsylvania, LLC Delaware MetroPCS Texas, LLC Delaware Nextel Retail Stores, LLC Delaware Nextel South Corp. Georgia Nextel Systems, LLC Delaware Nextel West Corp. Delaware NSAC, LLC Delaware Octopus Interactive Inc. Delaware Play Octopus LLC Delaware PRWireless PR, LLC Delaware PushSpring, LLC Delaware Secure Federal Operations LLC Delaware SIHI Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico SIHI New Zealand Holdco LLC Kansas SIHI Scandinavia AB Sweden Sprint Brasil Servicos de Telecomunicacoes Ltda. Brazil Sprint Capital Corporation Delaware Sprint Communications Company L.P. Delaware Sprint Communications LLC Kansas Sprint LLC Delaware Sprint Federal Management LLC Delaware Sprint Intermediate HoldCo LLC Delaware Sprint Intermediate HoldCo II LLC Delaware Sprint Intermediate HoldCo III LLC Delaware Sprint Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Sprint International Argentina SRL Argentina Sprint International Australia Pty. Limited Australia Sprint International Austria GmbH Austria Sprint International Chile Limitada Chile Sprint International Colombia Ltda. Colombia Sprint International Communications Canada ULC Canada Sprint International Communications LLC Delaware Sprint International Communications Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Sprint International Czech Republic S.R.O. Czech Republic Sprint International do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Sprint International Holding LLC Kansas Sprint International Hungary Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g Hungary Sprint International LLC Delaware Sprint International Japan Corp. Japan Sprint International Korea Korea Sprint International Network Company LLC Delaware Sprint International New Zealand New Zealand Sprint International Norway AS Norway Sprint International Spain, S.L. Spain Sprint International Taiwan Limited Taiwan 

Sprint PCS Assets, L.L.C. Delaware Sprint RUS LLC Russia Sprint Solutions LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum Co LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum Co II LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum Co III LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum Depositor LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum Depositor II LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum Depositor III LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum License Holder LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum License Holder II LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum License Holder III LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum PledgeCo LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum PledgeCo II LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum PledgeCo III LLC Delaware Sprint Spectrum Realty Company, LLC Delaware Sprint Telecom India Private Limited India Sprint (Thailand) Limited Thailand SprintCom LLC Kansas Sprintlink Belgium BVBA Belgium SprintLink Denmark ApS Denmark SprintLink France SAS France SprintLink Germany GmbH Germany Sprintlink India Private Limited India SprintLink International (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland Sprintlink International Malaysia SDN. BHD. Malaysia Sprintlink International Philippines, Inc. Philippines SprintLink Ireland Limited Ireland SprintLink Italy S.r.l. Italy SprintLink Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Sprintlink Poland sp. z o.o Poland SprintLink UK Limited United Kingdom STC Five LLC Delaware STC Four LLC Delaware STC One LLC Delaware STC Six Company Delaware STC Three LLC Delaware STC Two LLC Delaware TDI Acquisition Sub, LLC Delaware T-Mobile Airtime Funding LLC Delaware T-Mobile Central LLC Delaware T-Mobile Financial LLC Delaware T-Mobile Global Care Corporation Delaware 

T-Mobile Handset Funding LLC Delaware T-Mobile Innovations LLC Delaware T-Mobile Leasing LLC Delaware T-Mobile License LLC Delaware T-Mobile Northeast LLC Delaware T-Mobile Puerto Rico Holdings LLC Delaware T-Mobile Puerto Rico LLC Delaware T-Mobile Reserved Subsidiary I LLC Delaware T-Mobile Reserved Subsidiary II LLC Delaware T-Mobile Resources LLC Delaware T-Mobile South LLC Delaware T-Mobile US Trust 2022-1 Delaware T-Mobile USA Foundation Washington T-Mobile USA Tower LLC Delaware T-Mobile USA, Inc. Delaware T-Mobile Ventures LLC Delaware T-Mobile West LLC Delaware T-Mobile West Tower LLC Delaware TMUS Assurance Corporation Hawaii TMUS International LLC Delaware TMUS International Argentina S.R.L. Argentina TMUS International Belgium B.V. Belgium TMUS International Japan Corporation Japan TMUS International Services Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore TVN Ventures LLC Delaware Utelcom LLC Kansas VMU GP, LLC Delaware WBSY Licensing, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 4
 tmus12312022ex221.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 22.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 22.1 

 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 Guaranteed Securities 
 
 The following securities (collectively, the T-Mobile USA Senior Notes issued by T-Mobile USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of T-Mobile US, Inc. (the Company ), were outstanding as of December 31, 2022, including those that may no longer be subject to reporting as provided by Regulation S-X Rule 13-01 
 
 Description of Notes 3.500 senior notes due 2025 1.500 senior notes due 2026 2.250 senior notes due 2026 2.625 senior notes due 2026 3.750 senior notes due 2027 5.375 senior notes due 2027 4.750 senior notes due 2028 4.750 senior notes due 2028-1 held by affiliate 2.050 senior notes due 2028 2.625 senior notes due 2029 2.400 senior notes due 2029 3.375 senior notes due 2029 3.875 senior notes due 2030 2.550 senior notes due 2031 2.875 senior notes due 2031 3.500 senior notes due 2031 2.250 senior notes due 2031 2.700 senior notes due 2032 5.200 senior notes due 2033 4.375 senior notes due 2040 3.000 senior notes due 2041 4.500 senior notes due 2050 3.300 senior notes due 2051 3.400 senior notes due 2052 5.650 senior notes due 2053 3.600 senior notes due 2060 5.800 senior notes due 2062 

The following securities (collectively, the Sprint Senior Notes issued by Sprint LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, were outstanding as of December 31, 2022, including those that may no longer be subject to reporting as provided by Regulation S-X Rule 13-01 
 
 Description of Notes 7.875 senior notes due 2023 7.125 senior notes due 2024 7.625 senior notes due 2025 7.625 senior notes due 2026 
 
 The following securities (collectively, the Sprint Capital Corporation Senior Notes issued by Sprint Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, were outstanding as of December 31, 2022, including those that may no longer be subject to reporting as provided by Regulation S-X Rule 13-01 
 
 Description of Notes 6.875 senior notes due 2028 8.750 senior notes due 2032 
 
 The following securities (collectively, the Sprint Spectrum Notes issued by Sprint Spectrum Co LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), Sprint Spectrum Co II LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), Sprint Spectrum Co III LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), each a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, were outstanding as of December 31, 2022, including those that may no longer be subject to reporting as provided by Regulation S-X Rule 13-01 
 
 Description of Notes 4.738 Series 2018-1 A-1 Notes due 2025 5.152 Series 2018-1 A-2 Notes due 2028 

Obligors 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the obligors under the T-Mobile USA Senior Notes consisted of the Company, as a guarantor, and its subsidiaries listed in the following table. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Obligor Type American Telecasting of Seattle, LLC Delaware Guarantor APC Realty and Equipment Company, LLC Delaware Guarantor Assurance Wireless of South Carolina, LLC Delaware Guarantor Assurance Wireless USA, L.P. Delaware Guarantor ATI Sub, LLC Delaware Guarantor Clear Wireless LLC Nevada Guarantor Clearwire Communications LLC Delaware Guarantor Clearwire Hawaii Partners Spectrum, LLC Nevada Guarantor Clearwire Legacy LLC Delaware Guarantor Clearwire Spectrum Holdings II LLC Nevada Guarantor Clearwire Spectrum Holdings III LLC Nevada Guarantor Clearwire Spectrum Holdings LLC Nevada Guarantor Clearwire XOHM LLC Delaware Guarantor Fixed Wireless Holdings, LLC Delaware Guarantor IBSV LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS California, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Florida, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Georgia, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Massachusetts, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Michigan, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Nevada, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS New York, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Pennsylvania, LLC Delaware Guarantor MetroPCS Texas, LLC Delaware Guarantor Nextel Retail Stores, LLC Delaware Guarantor Nextel South Corp. Georgia Guarantor Nextel Systems, LLC Delaware Guarantor Nextel West Corp. Delaware Guarantor NSAC, LLC Delaware Guarantor PRWireless PR, LLC Delaware Guarantor PushSpring, LLC Delaware Guarantor SIHI New Zealand Holdco LLC Kansas Guarantor Sprint Capital Corporation Delaware Guarantor Sprint Communications LLC Kansas Guarantor Sprint Communications Company L.P. Delaware Guarantor Sprint International Communications LLC Delaware Guarantor Sprint International Holding LLC Kansas Guarantor 

Sprint International LLC Delaware Guarantor Sprint International Network Company LLC Delaware Guarantor Sprint LLC Delaware Guarantor Sprint PCS Assets, L.L.C. Delaware Guarantor Sprint Solutions LLC Delaware Guarantor Sprint Spectrum LLC Delaware Guarantor Sprint Spectrum Realty Company, LLC Delaware Guarantor SprintCom LLC Kansas Guarantor T-Mobile Central LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Financial LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Innovations LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Leasing LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile License LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Northeast LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Puerto Rico Holdings LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Puerto Rico LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile Resources LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile South LLC Delaware Guarantor T-Mobile USA, Inc. Delaware Issuer T-Mobile West LLC Delaware Guarantor TDI Acquisition Sub, LLC Delaware Guarantor TMUS International LLC Delaware Guarantor TVN Ventures LLC Delaware Guarantor Utelcom LLC Kansas Guarantor VMU GP, LLC Delaware Guarantor WBSY Licensing, LLC Delaware Guarantor 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the obligors under the Sprint Senior Notes consisted of the Company, as a guarantor Sprint LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), as issuer and T-Mobile USA, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and Sprint Communications LLC (a Kansas limited liability company) as guarantors. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the obligors under the Sprint Capital Corporation Senior Notes consisted of the Company, as a guarantor Sprint Capital Corporation (a Delaware corporation), as issuer and T-Mobile USA, Inc. (a Delaware corporation), Sprint LLC (a Delaware limited liability company) and Sprint Communications LLC (a Kansas limited liability company) as guarantors. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the obligors under the Sprint Spectrum Notes consisted of Sprint Spectrum Co LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), Sprint Spectrum Co II LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), Sprint Spectrum Co III LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), as co-issuers and Sprint Spectrum License Holder LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), Sprint Spectrum License Holder II LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), Sprint Spectrum License Holder III LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), Sprint Spectrum 

PledgeCo LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), Sprint Spectrum PledgeCo II LLC (a Delaware limited liability company) and Sprint Spectrum PledgeCo III LLC (a Delaware limited liability company) as guarantors. 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 tmus12312022ex231.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-237779, 333-237940, 333-239352 and 333-249079 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-189095, 333-202176, 333-225699, 333-236724, 333-237780, 333-237781 and 333-253929 on Form S-8 of our report dated February 14, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of T-Mobile US, Inc. and the effectiveness of T-Mobile US, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Seattle, Washington February 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 tmus12312022ex232.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 23.2

Document 
 Exhibit 23.2 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-189095, 333-202176, 333-225699, 333-236724, 333-237780, 333-237781 and 333-253929 and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-237779, 333-237940, 333-239352 and 333-249079) of T-Mobile US, Inc. of our report dated February 11, 2022 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 February 14, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 tmus12312022ex311.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, G. Michael Sievert, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 s G. Michael Sievert G. Michael Sievert Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 tmus12312022ex312.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Peter Osvaldik, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of T-Mobile US, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 s Peter Osvaldik Peter Osvaldik Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 tmus12312022ex321.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of T-Mobile US, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), G. Michael Sievert, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 s G. Michael Sievert G. Michael Sievert Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 tmus12312022ex322.htm
 TMUS EXHIBIT 32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of T-Mobile US, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Peter Osvaldik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 s Peter Osvaldik Peter Osvaldik Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 tmus-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 tmus-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 tmus-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 tmus-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 tmus-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

