<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_1570827_0000950170-23-006124.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>36824434</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1248501</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>8429875</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>17266354</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3054689</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6027644</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-006124.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306082811
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-006124
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Victory Capital Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001570827
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38388
		FILM NUMBER:		23707655

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4900 TIEDEMANN ROAD
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		216-898-2400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4900 TIEDEMANN ROAD
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44144

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-006124.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 vctr-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Act. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was million. 
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant's Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share as of February 28, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Auditor s PCAOB ID Number: 		 Auditor Name: 		 Auditor Location: 	 

Table of Contents 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 45 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 45 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 46 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 

Item 7A. 
 Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 69 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 71 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 115 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 116 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 116 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 117 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 117 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 117 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 117 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 117 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 118 

Item 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary 
 118 

Signatures 
 122 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward looking statements within the meaning of federal securities law. The forward looking statements may include, without limitation, statements concerning our current expectations, estimates, assumptions, and beliefs concerning future events, conditions, plans, and strategies that are not historical fact. Any statement that is not historical in nature is a forward-looking statement and may be identified by the use of words and phrases such as may, believes, intends, seeks, anticipates, plans, estimates, expects, should, assumes, continues, could, will, future and the negative of these or similar phrases. 
 Forward looking statements reflect our current expectations regarding future events, results or outcomes. These expectations may or may not be realized. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. Some of these expectations may be based upon assumptions, data or judgments that prove to be incorrect. Such forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. 
 Many factors mentioned in Item 1A. Risk Factors will be important in determining future results. Should one or more of these risks or assumptions materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in the quarterly, periodic and annual reports we file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). All forward looking statements speak only as of the date made and we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 The following text is qualified in its entirety by reference to the more detailed information and consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto) appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report to we, our, us, Victory or the Company shall mean Victory Capital Holdings, Inc., VCH a Delaware corporation, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year which ends on December 31. 
 Note Regarding Third-Party Information 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes certain market and industry data and forecasts related thereto that we rely on and refer to. We obtained this information and these statistics from sources other than us, which we have supplemented where necessary with information from publicly available sources and our own internal estimates. We use these sources and estimates and believe them to be reliable, but we cannot give any assurance that any of the projected results will be achieved. 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 We are a diversified global asset management firm with 153.0 billion in total assets under management AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our differentiated business model combines boutique investment qualities of traditional and alternative investment managers with the benefits of an integrated, centralized (not standardized) operating and distribution platform. 
 Victory Capital provides specialized investment strategies to institutions, intermediaries, retirement platforms and individual investors. With 12 autonomous Investment Franchises and a Solutions Platform, Victory Capital offers a wide array of investment products, including actively and passively managed mutual funds, rules-based and active exchange traded funds ETFs ), institutional separate accounts, variable insurance products VIPs ), Environmental, Social, and Governance ESG and impact investment strategies, alternative investments, private closed end funds, and a 529 Education Savings Plan. Victory Capital s strategies are also offered through third-party investment products, including mutual funds, third-party ETF model strategies, retail separately managed accounts SMAs and unified managed accounts UMAs through wrap account programs, Collective Investment Trusts CITs ), and undertakings for the collective investment in transferable securities UCITs ). As of December 31, 2022, our Franchises and our Solutions Platform collectively managed a diversified set of 128 investment strategies. 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our design logos and the marks Victory Capital, Victory Capital Management, Victory Funds, VictoryShares, Victory Capital inVest, VictoryConnect, CEMP, CEMP Volatility Weighted Indexes, INCORE Capital Management, Integrity, Integrity Asset Management, inVest, Munder, Munder Capital Management, New Energy Capital, THB, The Munder Funds, The Road to Victory, NewBridge, NewBridge Asset Management, RS Funds, RS Investments, Sophus Capital, Sycamore Capital, Trivalent Investments, USAA Investments, USAA Mutual Funds, and WestEnd Advisors, are pending, owned, or licensed for a period of time by us or one of our subsidiaries. All other trademarks, service marks and trade names appearing in this report are the property of their respective owners. 
 In the early part of the second quarter of 2023, as part of a broader rebranding strategy, the USAA Mutual Funds Trust will be renamed Victory Portfolios III, and the funds in the Trust will be rebranded as Victory Funds. 
 Business History and Organization 
 Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. was formed in 2013 for the purpose of acquiring Victory Capital Management VCM and Victory Capital Services, Inc. VCS from KeyCorp. VCM is a U.S. registered investment adviser RIA managing assets through open-end mutual funds, institutional separate accounts, CITs, wrap account programs, UCITs, private funds, and ETFs. VCM also provides mutual fund administrative services for the Victory Portfolios, Victory Variable Insurance Funds, and the mutual fund series of the Victory Portfolios II (collectively, the Victory Funds ), a family of open-end mutual funds; and VictoryShares (the Company s ETF brand), as well as USAA branded investment products, which includes the USAA Mutual Fund Trust, a family of open-end mutual funds (the USAA Funds ). In 2021, the Company acquired WestEnd Advisors WestEnd ), which maintains its own RIA, which is an affiliate RIA that receives certain services from VCM. VCM employs all of the Company s United States investment professionals across all 12 Franchises and its Solutions Platform. VCM s wholly owned subsidiaries include RS Investment Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., RS Investments (Hong Kong) Limited, and RS Investments (UK) Limited, Victory Capital Digital Assets, LLC and NEC Pipeline LLC. VCS is registered with the SEC as an introducing broker-dealer and serves as distributor and underwriter for the Victory Funds and USAA Funds and for municipal fund securities issued by the Nevada College Savings Trust Fund under the USAA 529 Education Savings Plan. VCS also serves as placement agent for certain private funds managed by VCM. During the early part of the second quarter of 2023, the Direct Investor Business will be expanded to include brokerage capabilities through VCS. VCH indirectly owns Victory Capital Transfer Agency, Inc. VCTA ), a transfer agent registered with the SEC that acts as transfer agent for the USAA Funds. 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 We have a purposeful strategy designed to achieve continued measured profitable growth and success for our clients, our employees, and our shareholders. The growth we pursue is both organic and inorganic. 
 Organic Growth We seek to grow organically by offering strategies that are value-added and solution oriented to investment portfolios with strong risk-adjusted performance track records over the long term. A key driver of our growth strategy lies in enhancing the strength of our existing Franchises. We primarily do this by providing them with access to our operating platform, technology, distribution, marketing, and other support functions. Largely unencumbered by the burdens of administrative and operational tasks, our investment professionals can focus on delivering investment excellence and maintaining strong client relationships. We also help our Franchises through new product development and product packaging. We believe we are well positioned to help our Franchises grow their product offerings and diversify their client base, with the ability to offer their strategies in multiple investment vehicles to meet the unique needs of diverse clients. 
 We continually evaluate and make investments to improve our operating platform. Recent initiatives include investments in data and analytics, technology, distribution, and marketing to enhance organic growth in our business and increase efficiencies in our distribution channels. 
 Inorganic Growth We supplement our organic growth through strategic acquisitions. We primarily seek to acquire investment management firms that will add high quality investment teams, enhance our growth and financial profile, improve our diversification by asset class and investment strategy, achieve our integration expectations, and expand our distribution capabilities. 
 One of our key advantages in a competitive mergers and acquisition environment is our ability to provide access to multiple distribution channels. Our distribution and marketing platforms drive organic growth at our acquired Franchises both by opening new distribution channels and penetrating deeper into existing ones. This support 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 received from our sales and marketing professionals allows our investment professionals to focus primarily on delivering investment excellence. 
 Since our management led buyout with Crestview Partners II GP, L.P. Crestview GP from KeyCorp in 2013, we have successfully closed seven acquisitions, made and exited two minority investments, and through December 31, 2022, grown our AUM more than 750 from 17.9 billion to 153.0 billion. We understand the need to execute transactions while minimizing disruption to the investment teams and to the client experience. Our team is very experienced and has a history of success in meeting those objectives. Previous acquisitions have evolved and diversified our products resulting in a mix of compelling investment strategies in asset classes where we can be successful and earn sustainable management fees. 
 We regularly evaluate potential acquisition candidates and maintain a strong network of industry participants and advisors who provide opportunities to establish potential target relationships and source transactions. Our management team leads and participates in our acquisition strategy, leveraging their many years of experience actively operating our Company on a day to day basis to successfully source, execute, integrate, and ultimately operate acquired businesses. 
 We believe, based on our successful acquisition track record, that there is a significant opportunity for us to continue to profitably grow through additional acquisitions, as industry dynamics have expanded the universe of potential acquisition targets. 
 Alternative Investments In 2021, we launched our alternative investments platform with the acquisition of New Energy Capital NEC ). We offer both opened-end liquid alternative investments as well as closed-end private funds. Given our multi-faceted distribution channels, combined with our ability to develop investment vehicles to deliver these strategies, we are ideally situated to play a meaningful role in democratizing access to alternative investments for retail investors. 
 With attractive fee rates, margins, longer capital commitments compared with our liquid products, and less likelihood of being disintermediated by non-active strategies, we remain interested in adding additional alternative investment capabilities. We are committed to maintaining the same guiding principles with alternative Investment Franchises that led to success with our traditional Investment Franchises. 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 

Diversification Strategy 
 We offer an array of equity, fixed income, investment models, alternative investments, closed end private funds, and solutions strategies that encompass a diverse spectrum of market capitalization segments, industry sectors, investment styles and approaches. We believe that these strategies are positioned to attract positive net flows and sustainable fee rates over the long term and provide us with a next generation investment management platform. As illustrated below, as of December 31, 2022, our current business is well diversified from multiple perspectives, including by asset class, by investment vehicle, and by Franchises and our Solutions Platform. 
 Asset Class Mix 

6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Vehicle Mix 

Franchise/Platform Mix 

Data as of December 31, 2022, values may not total 100 due to rounding. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Within individual asset classes and strategies, our Franchises employ different investment approaches. This diversification reduces the correlation between investment return streams generated by multiple Franchises investing within the same asset class. For example, we have two Franchises (Trivalent and Sophus) focused on Emerging Markets within global/non U.S. equity, each with a different investment approach. Trivalent s investment team primarily focuses on quantitative analysis for stock selection, combined with some fundamental analysis. Sophus employs a front end quantitative screen to first rank stocks, then further applies fundamental research to make its investment decisions. Due to the differences in investment approaches, each Franchise has a different return profile for investors in different market environments while maintaining desired asset class exposure. 
 Our multi channel distribution capabilities provide another degree of diversification, with approximately 34 of our AUM from direct investor clients, 37 from retail clients, and 29 from institutional clients, as of December 31, 2022. Within these channels, clients are further diversified among intermediary (broker dealer and RIAs) platforms, sub advisory relationships, corporate and public entities, insurance companies, 529 Education Saving Plan participants, Taft-Hartley plans, endowments, and Family Offices. We believe this broad diversification of customers has a stabilizing effect on revenue, as various types of investors have unique demand patterns and respond differently to trends and market cycles. 
 Our Investment Franchises 
 We own 100 of the equity in each of our 12 Investment Franchises. With no Investment Franchise accounting for more than 21 of total AUM, we are well diversified across asset classes and investment approaches. Our Franchises are independent from one another from an investment process perspective, maintain their own separate brands and logos, which have been built over time, and are led by dedicated Chief Investment Officers CIOs ). We customize each Franchise s integration with our operating platform to optimize their investment processes. 
 INCORE Capital Management INCORE Capital Management is comprised of three teams managing convertible bond strategies, short-term U.S. government securities, and niche and customized fixed income strategies focusing on exploiting structural inefficiencies in the U.S. fixed income markets. INCORE conducts extensive research that includes identifying slower prepayment rates on mortgages, market inefficiencies along areas of the yield curve, and proprietary quantitative credit quality modeling. INCORE is based in Birmingham, MI, and Brooklyn, OH and managed 5.8 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our INCORE Investment Franchise includes 12 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 22 years. 
 Integrity Asset Management Integrity Asset Management utilizes a dynamic value oriented approach to U.S. mid and small capitalization companies. Integrity conducts fundamental stock research to find attractive companies that have compelling discounts to the prevailing market conditions. Integrity is based in Rocky River, OH, and managed 4.7 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our Integrity Investment Franchise includes 10 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 23 years. 
 Munder Capital Management Munder Capital Management has an experienced team utilizing a Growth at a Reasonable Price strategy in the U.S. equity markets designed to generate consistently strong performance over a market cycle. Munder performs extensive fundamental research in order to find attractive growth companies that it expects will exceed market expectations. Of the companies with independently determined growth attributes, valuation is applied to find the most inexpensive growth companies. Munder is based in Birmingham, MI, and managed 1.3 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our Munder Investment Franchise includes five investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 25 years. 
 New Energy Capital NEC manages alternative investments in private closed end funds, with investment periods ranging between five and 10 years. NEC was one of the first investors to focus on clean energy and infrastructure investments of small-and mid-sized clean energy infrastructure projects and companies. NEC s investments provide growth capital in all forms across the capital structure from credit to equity, as well as hybrid financing arrangements. Based in Hanover, NH, our NEC Investment Franchise includes seven investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 13 years. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NewBridge Asset Management NewBridge Asset Management applies a high conviction growth oriented strategy focusing on U.S. large capitalization companies experiencing superior long term growth rates with strong management teams. Most of NewBridge s team has worked together since 1996 doing fundamental research on high growth companies. NewBridge portfolios usually holds between 25 and 35 securities. NewBridge is based in New York, NY. Our NewBridge Investment Franchise includes four investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 25 years. 
 RS Investments RS Investments is made up of three distinct investment teams: (i) RS Value, (ii) RS Growth and (iii) RS Global. RS Value and RS Growth apply an original and proprietary fundamental approach to investing in value and growth oriented U.S. equity strategies. The RS Value and RS Growth teams conduct hundreds of company research meetings each year. RS Global utilizes a highly disciplined quantitative approach to managing core oriented global and international equity strategies. RS Investments is based in San Francisco, CA, and managed 6.5 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our RS Investments Investment Franchise team total 25 members including 17 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 22 years. 
 S ophus Capital Sophus Capital utilizes a disciplined quantitative process that accesses market conditions in emerging equity markets and rank orders attractive companies that are further researched from a fundamental basis. Sophus team members travel to companies to conduct fundamental research. Sophus is based in Des Moines, IA, with employees in London, Hong Kong, and Singapore, and managed 3.1 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our Sophus Investments Franchise includes 10 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 19 years. 
 Sycamore Capital Sycamore Capital applies a quality value oriented approach to U.S. mid and small capitalization companies. Sycamore conducts fundamental research to find companies with strong high quality balance sheets that are undervalued versus comparable high-quality companies. Sycamore is based in Cincinnati, OH, and managed 32.1 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our Sycamore Investment Franchise has a team of 15 including 11 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 17 years. 
 THB Asset Management Founded in 1982, and formerly known as Thomson, Hortsmann Bryant, THB Asset Management THB manages equity assets in capacity constrained, micro-cap, small-cap, and mid-cap asset classes, including strategies managing U.S., international and global portfolios. THB was an early adopter of introducing ESG factors into their investment process and security selection. THB serves clients in the U.S. and in Europe and Australia. Based in Norwalk, CT, our THB Investments Franchise includes eight investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 13 years. 
 Trivalent Investments Trivalent Investments utilizes a disciplined approach to stock selection across large to small companies in the international and emerging markets space. Trivalent s investment strategy is primarily a proprietary quantitative process that drives stock selection across various countries. Trivalent frequently conducts reviews of stock selection rankings within a portfolio construction and risk management context in order to isolate performance to stock selection. Trivalent is based in Boston, MA, and managed 4.4 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our Trivalent Investment Franchise includes six investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 28 years. 
 USAA Investments The team at USAA Investments utilizes a rigorous process rooted in a team-oriented approach among portfolio managers, research analysts and traders. Their taxable and tax-exempt portfolios are built bond by bond using a fundamental, bottom up, credit and yield-focused analysis. USAA Investments is based in San Antonio, TX, and managed 23.0 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. Our USAA Investment Franchise has a team of 34 including 29 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 23 years. In the early part of the second quarter of 2023, USAA Investments will be renamed Victory Income Investors. 
 WestEnd Advisors WestEnd, is a third-party ETF model strategist providing turnkey, core model allocation strategies serving as holistic solutions and complementary sources of alpha. WestEnd is based in Charlotte, NC, and had assets under advisement AUA and AUM totaling 16.9 billion as of December 31, 2022. Our WestEnd Investment Franchise has a team of 27 including 7 investment professionals averaging approximately 12 years of industry experience. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Solutions Platform 
 Our Solutions Platform consists of multi asset, multi-manager, quantitative, rules-based, factor-based, and customized portfolios. These strategies are designed to achieve specific return characteristics, with products that include values-based and thematic outcomes and exposures. We offer our Solutions Platform through a variety of vehicles, including separate accounts, mutual funds, UMA accounts, and rules-based and active ETFs under our VictoryShares ETF brand. Like our Franchises, our Solutions Platform is operationally integrated and supported by our centralized distribution, marketing, and operational support functions. Our Solutions Platform is based in San Antonio, TX, and managed 54.0 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. The Solutions Platform team of 13 includes 9 investment professionals with an average industry experience of approximately 16 years. 
 Our Products and Investment Performance 
 As of December 31, 2022, our 12 Franchises and Solutions Platform offered 128 investment strategies with the majority consisting of fixed income, U.S. small and mid cap equities, global/non U.S. equities and solutions. These asset classes collectively comprised 88 of our 153.0 billion of total AUM, and 90 of long-term AUM, as of December 31, 2022. 
 Product Mix Our investment strategies are offered through actively and passively managed mutual funds, rules-based and active ETFs, institutional separate accounts, VIPs, ESG and impact investment strategies, alternative investments, private closed end funds, and a 529 Education Savings Plan. Victory Capital s strategies are sold directly to investors as well as through third-party investment products, including mutual funds, third-party ETF model strategies, retail SMAs and UMAs through wrap account programs, CITs, and UCITs.. Our product mix could expand, as we can add investment vehicles to strategies offered by our Franchises. 
 Investment Performance Our Franchises have established a long track record of benchmark relative outperformance, including prior to their acquisition by us. As of December 31, 2022, 79 of our strategies by AUM had returns in excess of their respective benchmarks over a ten year period, 79 over a five year period, 84 over a three year period, and 54 over a one-year period. On an equal weighted basis, 67 of our strategies have outperformed their benchmarks over a ten year period, 63 over a five year period, 70 over a three year period, and 59 over a one-year period. We consider both the AUM weighted and equal weighted metrics in evaluating our investment performance. The advantage of the AUM weighted metric is that it reflects the investment performance of our Company as a whole, indicating whether we tend to outperform our benchmarks for the assets we manage. The disadvantage is that the metric fails to capture the overall effectiveness of our individual investment strategies; it does not capture whether most of our strategies tend to outperform their respective benchmarks. Conversely, the equal weighted metric reflects the overall effectiveness of our individual investment strategies but fails to capture the investment performance of our Company as a whole. 
 The table below sets forth our 10 largest strategies by AUM as of December 31, 2022, and their average annual total returns compared to their respective benchmark index over the one , three , five and 10 year periods ended December 31, 2022. These strategies represented approximately 43 of our total AUM as of December 31, 2022. 

Strategy/Benchmark Index 
 1 year 
 
 3 years 
 
 5 years 
 
 10 years 

Sycamore Mid Cap Value 
 (1.92) 
 
 12.28 
 
 10.69 
 
 14.00 

Russell MidCap Value 
 (12.03) 
 
 5.82 
 
 5.72 
 
 10.11 

Excess Return 
 10.11 
 
 6.46 
 
 4.97 
 
 3.89 

Victory US 500 
 (19.18) 
 
 7.87 
 
 9.55 
 
 12.62 

S P 500 
 (18.11) 
 
 7.66 
 
 9.42 
 
 12.56 

Excess Return 
 (1.07) 
 
 0.21 
 
 0.13 
 
 0.06 

Sycamore Small Cap Value 
 (5.78) 
 
 8.07 
 
 8.38 
 
 12.47 

Russell 2000 Value 
 (14.48) 
 
 4.70 
 
 4.13 
 
 8.48 

Excess Return 
 8.70 
 
 3.37 
 
 4.25 
 
 3.99 

10 
 
 Table of Contents 

Global Balanced 
 (17.52) 
 
 3.63 
 
 5.41 
 
 7.46 

Global Balanced Benchmark 
 (16.49) 
 
 2.02 
 
 3.76 
 
 5.77 

Excess Return 
 (1.03) 
 
 1.61 
 
 1.65 
 
 1.69 

USAA Income 
 (12.96) 
 
 (1.56) 
 
 1.09 
 
 2.40 

Bloomberg US Aggregate 
 (13.01) 
 
 (2.71) 
 
 0.02 
 
 1.06 

Excess Return 
 0.05 
 
 1.15 
 
 1.07 
 
 1.34 

Global Equity 
 (19.00) 
 
 6.77 
 
 8.13 
 
 10.65 

MSCI ACWI 
 (18.36) 
 
 4.00 
 
 5.23 
 
 7.98 

Excess Return 
 (0.64) 
 
 2.77 
 
 2.90 
 
 2.67 

Trivalent International Small-Cap Equity 
 (22.32) 
 
 0.80 
 
 1.24 
 
 8.26 

S P Dev ex-US SmallCap 
 (21.81) 
 
 (0.96) 
 
 (0.42) 
 
 5.46 

Excess Return 
 (0.51) 
 
 1.76 
 
 1.66 
 
 2.80 

USAA Tax Exempt Intermediate-Term 
 (7.66) 
 
 (0.12) 
 
 1.75 
 
 2.54 

Bloomberg US Municipal 1-15 Year 
 (5.95) 
 
 (0.22) 
 
 1.44 
 
 1.95 

Excess Return 
 (1.71) 
 
 0.10 
 
 (0.31) 
 
 0.59 

USAA NASDAQ-100 
 (32.38) 
 
 8.69 
 
 12.37 
 
 16.44 

NASDAQ-100 Total Return 
 (32.38) 
 
 8.68 
 
 12.36 
 
 16.45 

Excess Return 
 0.00 
 
 0.01 
 
 0.01 
 
 (0.01) 

Sophus Emerging Markets 
 (21.21) 
 
 (3.71) 
 
 (1.90) 
 
 --- 

MSCI EM 
 (20.09) 
 
 (2.69) 
 
 (1.40) 
 
 1.44 

Excess Return 
 (1.12) 
 
 (1.02) 
 
 (0.50) 
 
 NA 

A high percentage of our mutual fund and ETF assets have four- or five-star Morningstar ratings. As of December 31, 2022, 44 of our Victory Capital mutual funds and ETFs, with Morningstar overall ratings, earned ratings of four or five stars overall and 62 of our mutual fund and ETF AUM were rated four or five stars overall by Morningstar. Over a three year and five year basis, 52 and 58 of our fund AUM achieved four- or five-star ratings, respectively. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 We believe we have significant competitive strengths that position us for sustained growth and shareholder value creation over the long term. 
 Integrated Model Providing Centralized Distribution, Marketing, and Support Functions to Investment Franchises, which maintain complete Investment Autonomy Our highly integrated model allows us to achieve benefits from both our substantial scale and the focus of our specialized investment managers. Our Franchises retain investment autonomy while benefiting from our centralized operating platform. We have demonstrated an ability to incorporate our Franchises onto our flexible infrastructure without significantly increasing incremental fixed costs, which is a key component to the scalability of our business model. This structure enables our Franchises to focus their efforts on the investment process, providing them with a scaled platform to enhance their investment performance and consequently their growth prospects. Centralized operations allow our Franchises to customize their desired investment support functions in ways that are best suited for their investment workflow. Through our unified distribution platform, our Franchises can efficiently sell their products to institutional investors, retirement plans, wealth managers, as well as through retail and retirement intermediaries of all sizes, where it can be challenging for smaller managers to gain access, and directly to investors. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Within our model, each Franchise retains its own brand and logo, which has been built over time. Unlike other models with unified branding, there is no requirement for newly acquired Franchises to adjust their product set due to pre existing products on our platform; they are marketed under their own brand as they were previously. Because of this dynamic, we have the flexibility to add new Franchises either to gain greater exposure to certain asset classes or increase capacity in places where we already have exposure. 
 Proven Acquirer with Compelling Value Proposition We believe our platform allows us to continue to be a strategic acquirer within the investment management industry, providing us with an opportunity to further grow and scale our business. Through numerous transactions, we have demonstrated an ability to successfully source, execute and integrate new Franchises. 
 We believe our unique business model is compelling for potential acquisition prospects. Under our model, Franchises retain the brands they have built as well as autonomy over their investment decisions, while simultaneously benefiting from the ability to leverage our centralized distribution, marketing, and operations platform. Our model reduces the administrative burdens borne by our Investment Franchises and allows them instead to focus on the investment process, which we believe can enhance their investment performance. By offering a platform on which Franchises can focus on their core competencies, grow their client base faster and participate in a revenue share program, we believe we are providing an attractive proposition. Furthermore, we believe equity in Victory Capital is attractive to Franchise investment personnel, as these personnel receive the advantage of sharing in the potential upside of the entirety of our diversified investment management business. 
 
 Because we integrate a significant portion of most of our Franchises distribution, operational and administrative functions, we have been able to extract significant expense synergies from certain acquisitions, enabling us to create greater value from transactions. 
 We will seek to continue to augment our differentiated investment management platform by focusing on acquisition candidates that can make our investment platform better, that expand our distribution or investment capabilities, that optimize our operating platform and/or achieve our integration and synergy expectations. 
 Portfolio of Investment Strategies with Potential for Outperformance In assembling our portfolio of Franchises, we have selected investment managers offering strategies in asset classes where active managers have shown an established track record of outperformance relative to benchmarks through security and sector selection, and portfolio construction. We continue to build our platform to address the needs of clients who would like exposure to asset classes that have potential for alpha generation. We find that macro industry trends of asset flows moving from actively managed strategies to passive ones are less pronounced in certain of our asset classes. 
 Diversified Platform Across Investment Strategies, Franchises and Client Type We have strategically built an investment platform that is diversified by investment strategy, Franchise, and client type. Within each asset class, Franchises with overlapping investment mandates still contribute to our diversification by pursuing different investment philosophies and/or processes. For example, U.S. mid cap equities, which accounted for approximately 18 of total AUM as of December 31, 2022, consists of five Franchises, each following a different 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 investment strategy. We believe the diversity in investment styles reduces the correlation between the return profiles of strategies within the same asset class, and consequently provides an additional layer of diversification of AUM and revenue stability. 
 Our AUM also is well diversified at the Franchise level, with no Franchise accounting for more than 21 of total AUM. Furthermore, we believe our Franchises brand independence reduces the impact of each individual Franchise s performance on clients perceptions of the other Franchises. The distribution of AUM by Franchise and the number of Franchises, as well as succession planning, mitigates the level of key man risk typically associated with investment management businesses. 
 We believe our client base serves as another important diversifying element, as different client segments have shown to have distinct characteristics, including asset class and product preferences, sales and redemptions trends, and exposure to secular trends. We strive to maintain a balance between direct investor, retail clients, and institutional clients with 34 , 37 and 29 of our AUM as of December 31, 2022, in each of these channels, respectively. We also have the capability to deliver our strategies in investment vehicles designed to meet the needs and preferences of investors in each channel. These investment vehicles include actively and passively managed open-end mutual funds with channel specific share classes, rules-based and active ETFs, third-party ETF model strategies, SMAs, UMAs, VIPs, CITs, wrap account programs, UCITs, alternative investments, private closed end funds, and a 529 Education Savings Plan. If a strategy is currently not offered in the wrapper of choice for a client, we have the infrastructure and ability to create a new investment vehicle, which helps our Franchises further diversify their client bases. 
 Attractive Financial Profile Our revenues are recurring in nature, as they are based on the level of client assets we manage. Most of our strategies are in asset classes that require specialized skill, are in demand and typically command attractive fee rates. With the growth of our Solutions Platform and third-party ETF model strategies, our average fee rate is likely to decline as those businesses continue to grow and represent an increasing proportion of our total AUM. Despite their lower average fee rates, by managing these competitively priced strategies on our integrated platform we can earn higher than our average margins on these products. 
 Because we largely outsource our middle and back office functions, as well as technology support, we have relatively minimal capital expenditure requirements. Our integrated platform allows us the ability to make investments that can benefit each Franchise and our Solutions Platform. Approximately two thirds of our operating expenses are variable in nature, consisting of the incentive compensation pool for employees, sales commissions, third party distribution costs, sub advising and the fees we pay to certain of our vendors. This automatic flexing of our expense base helps to support profitability throughout various market cycles. 
 We have identified three primary net income growth drivers; (i) we grow our AUM organically through inflows into our strategies and the market appreciation of those strategies; (ii) we have a proven ability to grow via strategic and synergistic acquisitions; and (iii) we have constructed a scalable and efficient platform. 
 Economic and Structural Alignment of Interests Promotes Ownership Culture Through our revenue share compensation model for our Franchises and broad employee ownership, we have structurally aligned our employees interests with those of our clients and other shareholders and have created an ownership culture that encourages employees to act in the best interests of clients and our Company shareholders, as well as to think long term. We believe the high percentage of employee ownership creates a collective alignment with our success. Additionally, our employees invest in products managed by our Franchises and Solutions Platform, providing direct alignment with the interests of our clients. As of December 31, 2022, 68 of our employees held nearly 20 of the equity in our Company. In addition to being aligned with our financial success through their equity ownership, our current employees collectively have invested nearly 200 million in products we manage as of December 31, 2022. 
 We directly align the compensation paid to our investment teams with the performance of their respective Franchises by structuring formula based revenue sharing on the products they manage. We believe that compensation based on revenue rather than profits encourages investment professionals to focus their attention on investment performance, while encouraging them to provide good client service, focus on client retention and attract new assets. We believe the formula based, client aligned nature of our revenue sharing reduces complexity and fosters a culture of transparency where Franchises understand how, and on what terms, they are being measured to earn compensation. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Integrated Distribution, Marketing and Operations 
 The centralization of our distribution, marketing and operational functions is a key component in our model, allowing our Franchises to focus on their core competencies of security and sector selection, portfolio construction, and client service. In addition, we believe it provides our Franchises with the benefits of operating at scale, providing them with access to a larger number of clients as well as a more streamlined cost structure. As of December 31, 2022, we had 512 full-time employees with 184 in investment management, 238 in sales and marketing roles and 90 in management and support functions. 
 Our centralized distribution and marketing functions lead the sales effort for our institutional, retail intermediary, and direct investor channels. Our sales teams are staffed with accomplished professionals that are given specific training on how to position each of our strategies. Our distribution teams have historically focused on developing strategic long-term relationships with institutional consultants, institutional asset owners, retail and retirement intermediaries, RIAs, Family Offices, the Direct Channel, and bank trust departments. Complementing these relationships, we use data extensively to enhance the effectiveness of our distribution teams. Investments in data packs from intermediaries, artificial intelligence initiatives, and predictive analytics used to determine specific financial advisors propensities to buy or sell products further enhance efficiencies. 
 These relationships can enhance our platform s overall reach and allow our Franchises and Solutions Platform to access more clients. To ensure high levels of client service, our sales teams liaise regularly with product specialists at our Franchises. The specialists are tasked with responding to institutional client and retail inquiries on product performance and educating prospective investors and retail partners in coordination with the relevant internal sales team members. Our distribution and marketing professionals collaborate closely with our Franchises product specialists in order to attract new clients while also servicing and generating additional sales from existing clients. 
 Direct Investor Business In 2020, we launched a new digital platform to directly serve investors which features a client-centric modern design. Visitors to the site are presented with channel-specific content, useful investment tools and calculators, and timely investment insights from the Company s investment experts. At our direct investor business contact center, we have approximately 170 sales and service professionals focused on assisting our direct investors (the Investors ). They engage with thousands of Investors everyday via phone, chat or email depending on the Investor s preference. We also have a mobile application that streamlines service for Investors and enhances internal efficiency. Through these interactions we provide Investors with account servicing, portfolio reviews, college planning assistance and investment guidance at no additional cost to the Investor. Many of our direct investor business contact center professionals are Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA licensed, so they are well qualified to serve the Investors investment needs. During the early part of the second quarter of 2023, the Direct Investor Business will be expanded to include brokerage capabilities through our broker-dealer entity VCS. Investors will be able to leverage our open architecture brokerage option and establish brokerage accounts to invest in mutual funds and ETFs from our platform along with individual stocks and products managed by third-party providers including cash management capabilities. 
 Institutional Sales Our institutional sales team attracts and builds relationships with institutional clients, a wide range of institutional consultants and mutual fund complexes and other organizations seeking sub advisers. Our institutional clientele includes more than 400 corporations, public funds, non profit organizations, Taft Hartley plans, sub advisory clients, international clients, sovereign wealth funds, and insurance companies. Our institutional sales and client service professionals manage existing client relationships, serve consultants and prospects and/or focus on specific segments. They have extensive experience and a comprehensive understanding of our investment activities. Our client facing institutional sales professionals have an average of more than 20 years of industry tenure, and they are supported by a separate team dedicated to handling requests for proposals, or RFPs, from prospective clients. 
 Retail Sales Our retail sales team includes regional external wholesalers, retirement specialists, RIA specialists, national account specialists, all of whom are supported by an internal sales desk. We also have a team of 10 distribution professionals specializing in the sale of third-party ETF model strategies. Additionally, we have a growing team focused on RIA, Bank Trust Multi Family Offices with exceptional product knowledge to enhance the growth in this sub-channel within our retail sales. In the retail channel, we focus on gathering assets through intermediaries, such as banks, broker dealers, wirehouses, retirement platforms and RIA networks. We offer mutual funds, ETFs, third-party ETF models, and separately managed wrap and unified 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 managed accounts on intermediary and retirement platforms. We have agreements with many of the largest platforms in our retail channel, which has provided an opportunity to place our retail products on those platforms. Further, to enhance our presence on large distribution platforms, we have focused our efforts on servicing intermediary home offices and research departments. These efforts have led to strong growth in platform penetration, as measured by investment products on approved and recommended lists, as well as our inclusion in model portfolios. This penetration provides the opportunity for us to sell more products through distribution platforms. We have several products on the research recommended/model portfolios of the top U.S. intermediary platforms. We also have several products on the recommended list of the top retirement platforms. 
 Marketing Our distribution efforts are supplemented by our marketing function, which is primarily responsible for enhancing the visibility and quality of our portfolio of brands. They are specifically tasked with managing corporate, Franchise and Solutions Platform branding efforts, database management, the development of marketing materials, our website, digital marketplace, digital marketing and social media efforts, and the publishing of white papers. 
 Operations Our highly centralized operations functions provide our Franchises and Solutions Platform with the support they need so that they can focus on their investment processes. Our Investment Franchises share operating functions such as trading platforms, risk and compliance, middle- and back office support, technology, data and analytics, finance, human resources, accounting, and legal. Although our operations are highly centralized, we do allow our Franchises a degree of customization with respect to their desired investment support functions, which we believe helps them maintain their unique investment processes and minimize disruptions. 
 We outsource certain middle and back office activities, such as sub-transfer agent, trade settlement, portfolio analytics, custodian reconciliation, portfolio accounting, corporate action processing, performance calculation and client reporting, to scaled, recognized service providers, who provide their services to us on a variable cost basis. Systems and processes are customized as necessary to support our investment processes and operations. We maintain relationships with multiple vendors for most of our outsourced functions, which we believe mitigates vendor specific risk. We also have cyber and information security, business continuity and data privacy programs in place to help mitigate risk. 
 Outsourcing these functions enables us to grow our AUM, both organically and through acquisitions, without the incremental capital expenditures and working capital that would typically be needed. Under our direction and oversight, our outsourced model enhances our ability to integrate our acquisitions, as we are experienced in working with our vendors to efficiently bring additional Franchises onto our platform in a cost efficient manner. 
 We believe both the scalability of our business and our cost structure, in which approximately two thirds of our operating expenses are variable, drives industry-leading margins and facilitates free cash flow conversion. Additionally, we believe having most of our expenses tied to AUM and the number of client accounts provides downside margin protection should there be sustained net outflows or adverse market conditions. 
 Competition 
 Our investment products are sold in the traditional institutional channels, through intermediary and retirement distribution platforms, and directly to investors. We face competition with other investment firms in attracting and retaining assets. Additionally, we compete with other acquirers of investment management firms, including independent, integrated investment management firms and multi boutique businesses, insurance companies, banks, and other financial institutions. 
 We compete with other managers offering similar strategies. Some of these organizations have greater financial resources and capabilities than we can offer and have strong performance track records. We effectively compete with other investment management firms for client assets based on the following primary factors: (i) our investment performance track record of delivering alpha; (ii) the specialized nature of our investment strategies; (iii) fees charged; (iv) access to distribution channels; (v) client service; and (vi) our employees alignment of interests with investors. 
 We compete with other potential acquirers of investment management firms primarily on the basis of the following factors: (i) the strength of our distribution relationships; (ii) the value we add through our shared distribution, marketing and operations platforms; (iii) the investment autonomy Franchises retain post acquisition; (iv) the tenure and continuity of our management and investment professionals; and (v) the value that can be delivered to the seller through realization of synergies created by the combination of the businesses. 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our ability to continue to compete effectively will also depend upon our ability to retain our current investment professionals and employees and to attract highly qualified new investment professionals and employees. For additional information concerning the competitive risks that we face, refer to Risk Factors Industry Risks The investment management industry is intensely competitive. 
 Human Capital 
 We have created a strong alignment of interests with clients and shareholders through employee ownership, our Franchise revenue share structure, and employee investments in our products. Notably, a significant number of our employee shareholders acquired their equity in connection with the management led buyout with Crestview GP from KeyCorp, as well as in connection with the acquisitions of RS Investments and Munder. We believe the opportunity to own equity in a well diversified investment management company promotes long-term thinking and client alignment and is attractive, both to existing employees and those who join as part of acquisitions. We principally compensate our investment professionals through a revenue share program, which we believe further incentivizes our investment professionals to focus on investment performance and client retention, while simultaneously minimizing potential distractions from an expense allocation process that would be involved in a profit sharing program. We believe the combination of these mechanisms promotes long term thinking and enhances both the client experience and the creation of value for our shareholders. 
 Our senior management team, Franchises CIOs and sales leaders are highly experienced in the industry, each bringing significant expertise to his or her role, having tenures on average of more than 20 years. 
 As an asset management firm, we are in the human capital business. As such, we value and appreciate our most important asset our people. We employ owners, not employees. Accordingly, we strive to offer competitive compensation and employee benefits to all employees. We want them to own their contribution to Victory Capital s success. In recognition of this mission, Victory Capital has established an equity awards program that most employees participate in. As of December 31, 2022, we had 512 employees, with 68 holding ownership interests in our Company that totaled nearly 20 of the equity in our firm. Our employees also held approximately 200 million of their personal assets in our investment products at year-end. 
 We believe that doing our part to maintain the health and welfare of our employees is a critical element for achieving commercial success. As such, we provide our employees with comprehensive health benefits and offer a wellness program which focuses on employee health strategies and includes a discount to employee medical premiums for the completion of certain wellness initiatives. In addition, we offer employee assistance programs, including confidential assistance for financial, mental, and physical well-being. Finally, the well-being of our employees is enhanced when they can give back to their local communities or charities and we have programs that encourage our employees to give back to their local communities. 
 We recognize and appreciate the importance of creating an environment in which all employees feel valued, included, and empowered to do their best work and as a result our Diversity, Inclusion, Cohesion, and Engagement Committee is charged with integrating a diversity strategy that drives best practices, goals, and objectives. The Committee s mission is to foster an environment that attracts the best talent, values diversity of life experiences and perspectives, and encourages innovation and excellence. We also support a number of Employee Resource Groups which are employee-driven and provide support, leadership and connection to our diverse marketplace. 
 We encourage you to review our Corporate Responsibility Report (located on our website) for more detailed information regarding our human capital programs and initiatives. Nothing on our website is deemed incorporated by reference into this Report. 
 Regulatory Environment and Compliance 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation in the United States at the federal level and, to a lesser extent, the state level, as well as regulation by self regulatory organizations, and outside the United States. Under these laws and regulations, agencies that regulate investment advisers have broad administrative powers, including the power to limit, restrict or prohibit an investment adviser from carrying on its business in the event that it fails to comply with such laws and regulations. Possible sanctions that may be imposed include the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in certain lines of business for specified periods of time, revocation of investment adviser registration and other registrations, censures, and fines. 
 SEC Investment Adviser and Investment Company Registration / Regulation VCM and WestEnd are both registered with the SEC as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), and the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and several of the investment 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 companies we sub advise are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). The Advisers Act and the 1940 Act, together with the SEC s regulations and interpretations thereunder, impose substantive and material restrictions and requirements on the operations of advisers and registered funds. The SEC is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of the Advisers Act and the 1940 Act, ranging from fines and censures to termination of an adviser s registration. As an investment adviser, we have a fiduciary duty to our clients. The SEC has interpreted that duty to impose standards, requirements, and limitations on, among other things: trading for proprietary, personal and client accounts; allocations of investment opportunities among clients; our use of soft dollars; execution of transactions; and recommendations to clients. We manage accounts for clients on a discretionary basis, with authority to buy and sell securities for each portfolio, select broker dealers to execute trades and negotiate brokerage commission rates. In connection with certain of these transactions, we receive soft dollar credits from broker dealers that have the effect of reducing certain of our expenses. All our soft dollar arrangements are intended to be within the safe harbor provided by Section 28(e) of the Exchange Act. If our ability to use soft dollars were reduced or eliminated as a result of the implementation of statutory amendments or new regulations, our operating expenses would increase. In addition, we also advise clients on a non-discretionary basis where we provide actively managed models using non-proprietary products. This is often referred to as assets under advisement. 
 As registered investment advisers, VCM and WestEnd are subject to many additional requirements that cover, among other things: disclosure of information about our business to clients; maintenance of written policies and procedures; maintenance of extensive books and records; restrictions on the types of fees we may charge; custody of client assets; client privacy; advertising; and solicitation of clients. The SEC has authority to inspect any investment adviser and typically inspects a registered adviser periodically to determine whether the adviser is conducting its activities (i) in accordance with applicable laws, (ii) in a manner that is consistent with disclosures made to clients and (iii) with adequate systems and procedures to ensure compliance. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, 81 of our total revenues were derived from our services to investment companies registered under the 1940 Act i.e., mutual funds and ETFs. The 1940 Act imposes significant requirements and limitations on a registered fund, including with respect to its capital structure, investments, and transactions. While we exercise broad discretion over the day to day management of the business and affairs of the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and the investment portfolios of the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, and VictoryShares and the funds we sub advise, the funds are subject to oversight of and governance by each fund s board of directors. Under the 1940 Act, a majority of the directors of our registered funds must not be interested persons with respect to us (sometimes referred to as the independent director requirement) in order to rely on certain exemptive rules under the 1940 Act relevant to the operation of registered funds. The responsibilities of the fund s board include, among other things: approving our investment advisory agreement with the fund (or, for sub advisory arrangements, our sub advisory agreement with the fund s investment adviser); approving other service providers; determining the method of valuing assets; and monitoring transactions involving affiliates. Our investment advisory agreements with these funds may be terminated by the funds on not more than 60 days notice and are subject to annual renewal by the fund s board after the initial term of one to two years. The 1940 Act also imposes on investment advisers or sub advisers to a registered fund a fiduciary duty with respect to the receipt of the advisers investment management fees or the sub-advisers sub advisory fees. That fiduciary duty may be enforced by the SEC, by administrative action or by litigation by investors in the fund pursuant to a private right of action. 
 As required by the Advisers Act, our investment advisory agreements may not be assigned without the client s consent. Under the 1940 Act, investment advisory agreements with registered funds (such as the mutual funds and ETFs we manage) terminate automatically upon assignment. The term assignment is broadly defined and includes direct assignments as well as assignments that may be deemed to occur upon the transfer, directly or indirectly, of a controlling block of our outstanding voting securities. Refer to Risk Factors Business Risks An assignment could result in termination of our investment advisory agreements to manage SEC registered funds and could trigger consent requirements in our other investment advisory agreements. 
 SEC Broker Dealer Registration / FINRA Regulation VCS is subject to regulation by the SEC, FINRA and various states. In addition, certain of our employees are registered with FINRA and such states and subject to SEC, state and FINRA regulation. The failure of these companies and/or employees to comply with relevant regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 SEC Transfer Agent Registration VCTA is a SEC-registered transfer agent. Our registered transfer agent is subject to the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. These laws and regulations generally grant the SEC and other supervisory bodies broad administrative powers to address non-compliance 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 with regulatory requirements. Sanctions that may be imposed for non-compliance with these requirements include the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in certain activities for specified periods of time or for specified types of clients, the revocation of registrations, other censures, and significant fines. 
 ERISA Related Regulation We are a fiduciary under Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA with respect to assets that we manage for benefit plan clients subject to ERISA. ERISA, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code impose certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries under ERISA, prohibit certain transactions involving ERISA plan clients and impose monetary penalties for violations of these prohibitions. The duties under ERISA require, among other obligations, that fiduciaries perform their duties solely in the interests of ERISA plan participants and beneficiaries. 
 CFTC Regulation VCM is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC as a commodity operator and is a member of the National Futures Association NFA ), a self regulatory organization for the U.S. derivatives industry. In addition, certain of our employees are registered with the CFTC and members of NFA. Registration with the CFTC and NFA membership subjects VCM to regulation by the CFTC and the NFA including, but not limited to, reporting, recordkeeping, disclosure, self examination and training requirements. Registration with the CFTC also subjects VCM to periodic on site audits. Each of the CFTC and NFA is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of applicable regulations. 
 Non U.S. Regulation In addition to the extensive regulation to which we are subject in the United States, we are subject to regulation internationally. Our business also is subject to the rules and regulations of the countries in which we market our funds or services and conduct investment activities. 
 In Singapore, we are subject to, among others, the Securities and Futures Act SFA ), the Financial Advisers Act FAA ), and the subsidiary legislation promulgated pursuant to these acts, which are administered by the Monetary Authority of Singapore MAS ). We and our employees conducting regulated activities specified in the SFA and/or the FAA are required to be licensed with the MAS. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, codes, directives, notices, and guidelines issued by the MAS may result in penalties including fines, censures and the suspension or revocation of licenses granted by the MAS. 
 VCM is also authorized by the Central Bank of Ireland, which regulates our Irish business activities, to act as an investment manager to Irish UCITS fund. We have historically operated in Australia based on a sufficient equivalence relief exemption from local licensing with the Australian Securities and Investments commission. In 2021, we applied for a Foreign Australian Financial Services License which was granted on June 15, 2021. 
 Compliance Our legal and compliance functions consist of 13 professionals as of December 31, 2022. This group is responsible for all legal and regulatory compliance matters, as well as for monitoring adherence to client investment guidelines. Our legal and compliance teams work through a well established reporting and communication structure to ensure we have a consistent and holistic program for legal and regulatory compliance. Senior management also is involved at various levels in all these functions. We cannot assure that our legal and compliance functions will be effective to prevent all losses. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors General Risks If our techniques for managing risk are ineffective, we may be exposed to material unanticipated losses. 
 For more information about our regulatory environment, refer to Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks As an investment management firm, we are subject to extensive regulation and Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks The regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to continual change and regulatory developments designed to increase oversight may materially adversely affect our business. 
 Available Information 
 We routinely file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information required by the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public from the SEC s public internet site at https://www.sec.gov. 
 We maintain a public internet site at ir.vcm.com and make available free of charge through this site our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed on behalf of directors and executive officers, as well as any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We also post on our website the charters for our board of directors Audit Committee, Nominating, Governance and Sustainability Committee and Compensation Committee, as well as our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Corporate Responsibility Statement, and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics governing our directors, officers, and employees. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report. 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In such case the trading price of our common stock could decline. This report also contains forward looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The following is a summary of risks and uncertainties that affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are providing the following summary of risk factors to enhance readability of our risk factor disclosure. Material risks that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Market and Investment Performance Risks 
 We earn substantially all of our revenues based on AUM, and any reduction in AUM would reduce our revenues and profitability. 

The ongoing conflict in Ukraine has, and will likely continue to, negatively impact the global economy. 

If our strategies perform poorly, clients could redeem their assets and we could suffer a decline in our AUM, which would reduce our earnings. 

The historical returns of our strategies may not be indicative of their future results or of the strategies we may develop in the future. 

We may support our money market funds to maintain their stable net asset values, or other products we manage, which could affect our revenues or operating results . 

The performance of our strategies or the growth of our AUM may be constrained by unavailability of appropriate investment opportunities. 

Business Risks 
 The COVID-19 and other pandemics have, and will likely continue to have, a negative impact on the global economy and interrupt normal business activity. 

The loss of key investment professionals or members of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We derive substantially all of our revenues from contracts and relationships that may be terminated upon short or no notice. 

Investors in certain funds that we advise can redeem their assets from those funds at any time without prior notice. 

Investment recommendations provided to our direct investor channel may not be suitable or fulfill regulatory requirements; representatives may not disclose or address conflicts of interest, conduct inadequate due diligence, provide inadequate disclosure; transactions may be subject to human error or fraud. 

The significant growth we have experienced over the past few years may be difficult to sustain and our growth strategy is dependent in part upon our ability to make and successfully integrate new strategic acquisitions. 

Our expenses are subject to fluctuations that could materially impact our results of operations. 

A significant proportion of our existing AUM is managed in long only investments. 

Our efforts to establish and develop new teams and strategies may be unsuccessful and could negatively impact our results of operations and could negatively impact our reputation and culture. 

19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 An assignment could result in termination of our investment advisory agreements to manage SEC registered funds and could trigger consent requirements in our other investment advisory agreements. 

Our failure to comply with investment guidelines set by our clients, including the boards of registered funds, and limitations imposed by applicable law, could result in damage awards against us and a loss of AUM, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

We provide a broad range of services to the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and sub advised mutual funds which may expose us to liability. 

Potential impairment of goodwill and intangible assets could result in not realizing the value of these assets. 

If we were deemed an investment company required to register under the the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act ), we would become subject to burdensome regulatory requirements and our business activities could be restricted. 

Merger and Acquisition Risks 
 We may not realize the benefits we expect from mergers and acquisitions because of integration difficulties and other challenges. 

Certain liabilities resulting from acquisitions are estimated and could lead to a material impact on earnings. 

Indebtedness Risks 
 Our substantial indebtedness may expose us to material risks. 

Capital Structure and Public Company Risks 
 A relatively large percentage of our common stock is concentrated with a small number of shareholders, which could increase the volatility in our stock trading and affect our share price . 

The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could decline. 

Future sales of shares by shareholders could cause our stock price to decline. 

If securities or industry analysts publish misleading or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply with certain reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage our business, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 

Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price 

Our ability to pay regular dividends is subject to our Board s discretion and Delaware law. 

Future offerings of debt or equity securities may rank senior to our common stock. 

Provisions in our charter documents could discourage a takeover that shareholders may consider favorable. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 As an investment management firm and brokerage firm, we are subject to extensive regulation. 

20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to continual change and regulatory developments designed to increase oversight and may materially adversely affect our business. 

Industry Risks 
 Recent trends in the investment management industry could reduce our AUM, revenues and net income . 

The investment management industry is intensely competitive. 

Third Party Risks 
 We depend primarily on third parties to market Victory Funds, USAA Funds and VictoryShares. 

We rely on third parties to provide products or services for the operation of our business, and a failure or inability by such parties to provide these products or services could materially adversely affect our business. 

Operational and Cybersecurity Risks 
 Operational risks may disrupt our business, result in losses or limit our growth. 

Failure to implement effective information and cyber security policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and cause financial losses. 

Disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to our ETF platform may adversely affect the prices at which VictoryShares trade, particularly during periods of market volatility. 

General Risks 
 Reputational harm could result in a loss of AUM and revenues. 

If our techniques for managing risk are ineffective, we may be exposed to material unanticipated losses. 

Certain of our strategies invest principally in the securities of non U.S. companies, which involve foreign currency exchange, tax, political, social and economic uncertainties and risks. 

The expansion of our business outside of the United States raises tax and regulatory risks, may adversely affect our profit margins and places additional demands on our resources and employees. 

Failure to properly address conflicts of interest could harm our reputation, business and results of operations. 

Insurance may not be available on a cost-effective basis to protect us from liability. 

Market and Investment Performance Risks 
 We earn substantially all of our revenues based on AUM, and any reduction in AUM would reduce our revenues and profitability. AUM fluctuates based on many factors, including investment performance, client withdrawals and difficult market conditions. 
 We earn substantially all of our revenues from asset based fees from investment management products and services to individuals and institutions. Therefore, if our AUM declines, our fee revenue will decline, which will reduce our profitability as certain of our expenses are fixed. There are several reasons that AUM could decline: 
 The performance of our investment strategies is critical to our business, and any real or perceived negative absolute or relative performance could negatively impact the maintenance and growth of AUM. Net flows related to our strategies can be affected by investment performance relative to other competing strategies or to established benchmarks. Our investment strategies are rated, ranked, recommended or assessed by independent third parties, distribution partners, and industry periodicals and services. These assessments may influence the investment decisions of our clients. If the performance or assessment of our strategies is seen as underperforming relative to peers, it could result in an increase in the withdrawal of assets by existing clients and the inability to attract additional commitments from existing and new clients. In addition, certain of our strategies have or may have capacity constraints, as there is a limit to the number of securities available for the strategy 

21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 to operate effectively. In those instances, we may choose to limit access to those strategies to new or existing investors, such as we have done for two mutual funds managed by the Sycamore Capital Franchise which had an aggregate of 23.1 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. 

General domestic and global economic and political conditions can influence AUM. Changes in interest rates, the availability and cost of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls and national and international political circumstances (including wars (such as the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine), pandemics (such as COVID-19), terrorist acts and security operations) and other conditions may impact the equity and credit markets, which may influence our AUM. If the security markets decline or experience volatility, our AUM and our revenues could be negatively impacted. In addition, diminishing investor confidence in the markets and/or adverse market conditions could result in a decrease in investor risk tolerance. Such a decrease could prompt investors to reduce their rate of commitment or to fully withdraw from markets, which could lower our overall AUM. 

Capital and credit markets can experience substantial volatility. The significant volatility in the markets in the recent past has highlighted the interconnection of the global markets and demonstrated how the deteriorating financial condition of one institution may materially adversely impact the performance of other institutions. In the event of extreme circumstances, including economic, political or business crises, such as a widespread systemic failure in the global financial system or failures of firms that have significant obligations as counterparties, we may suffer significant declines in AUM and severe liquidity or valuation issues. 

Changes in interest rates can have adverse effects on our AUM. Increases in interest rates may adversely affect the net asset values of our AUM. Furthermore, increases in interest rates may result in reduced prices in equity markets. Conversely, decreases in interest rates could lead to outflows in fixed income assets that we manage as investors seek higher yields. 

Any of these factors could reduce our AUM and revenues and, if our revenues decline without a commensurate reduction in our expenses, would lead to a reduction in our net income. 
 The ongoing conflict in Ukraine has, and will likely continue to, negatively impact the global economy. 
 The military conflict in Ukraine and the ongoing geopolitical tensions have created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. The United States, European Union and other countries announced economic sanctions against Russia. While it has not had a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial results, the extent to which the conflict impacts our business, operations and financial results going forward will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the conflict; governmental and business actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the conflict, the impact of the conflict on economic activity and any retaliatory actions taken by Russia. 
 If our strategies perform poorly, clients could redeem their assets and we could suffer a decline in our AUM, which would reduce our earnings. 
 The performance of our strategies is critical in retaining existing client assets as well as attracting new client assets. If our strategies perform poorly for any reason, our earnings could decline because: 
 our existing clients may redeem their assets from our strategies or terminate their relationships with us; 

the Morningstar and Lipper ratings and rankings of mutual funds and ETFs we manage may decline, which may adversely affect the ability of those funds to attract new or retain existing assets; and 

third party financial intermediaries, advisors or consultants may remove our investment products from recommended lists due to poor performance or for other reasons, which may lead our existing clients to redeem their assets from our strategies or reduce asset inflows from these third parties or their clients. 

Our strategies can perform poorly for a number of reasons, including: general market conditions; investor sentiment about market and economic conditions; investment styles and philosophies; investment decisions; global events; the performance of the companies in which our strategies invest and the currencies in which those investment are made; the fees we charge; the liquidity of securities or instruments in which our strategies 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 invest; and our inability to identify sufficient appropriate investment opportunities for existing and new client assets on a timely basis. In addition, while we seek to deliver long term value to our clients, volatility may lead to under performance in the short term, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 In addition, when our strategies experience strong results relative to the market, clients allocations to our strategies typically increase relative to their other investments and we sometimes experience withdrawals as our clients rebalance their investments to fit their asset allocation preferences despite our strong results. 
 While clients do not have legal recourse against us solely on the basis of poor investment results, if our strategies perform poorly, we are more likely to become subject to litigation brought by dissatisfied clients. In addition, to the extent clients are successful in claiming that their losses resulted from fraud, negligence, willful misconduct, breach of contract or other similar misconduct, these clients may have remedies against us, the mutual funds and other pooled investment vehicles we advise and/or our investment professionals under various U.S. and non U.S. laws. 
 The historical returns of our strategies may not be indicative of their future results or of the strategies we may develop in the future. 
 The historical returns of our strategies and the ratings and rankings we or the mutual funds, ETFs and other pooled investment vehicles that we advise have received in the past should not be considered indicative of the future results of these strategies or of any other strategies that we may develop in the future. The investment performance we achieve for our clients varies over time and the variance can be wide. The ratings and rankings we or the mutual funds, ETFs and other pooled investment vehicles that we advise have received are typically revised monthly. Our strategies returns have benefited during some periods from investment opportunities and positive economic and market conditions. In other periods, general economic and market conditions have negatively affected investment opportunities and our strategies returns. These negative conditions may occur again, and in the future, we may not be able to identify and invest in profitable investment opportunities within our current or future strategies. 
 New strategies that we launch or acquire in the future may present new and different investment, regulatory, operational, distribution and other risks than those presented by our current strategies. New strategies may invest in instruments with which we have no or limited experience, create portfolios that present new or different risks or have higher performance expectations that are more difficult to meet. Any real or perceived problems with future strategies or vehicles could cause a disproportionate negative impact on our business and reputation. 
 We may support our money market funds to maintain their stable net asset values, or other products we manage, which could affect our revenues or operating results. 
 Approximately 2 of our AUM as of December 31, 2022, consisted of assets in money market funds. Money market funds seek to preserve a stable net asset value. Market conditions could lead to severe liquidity or security pricing issues, which could impact the NAV of money market funds. If the NAV of a money market fund managed by our asset managers were to fall below its stable net asset value, we would likely experience significant redemptions in AUM and reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues or net income. If a money market fund's stable NAV comes under pressure, we may elect, to provide credit, liquidity, or other support to the fund. We may also elect to provide similar or other support, including by providing liquidity to a fund, to other products we manage for any number of reasons. If we elect to provide support, we could incur losses from the support we provide and incur additional costs, including financing costs, in connection with the support. These losses and additional costs could be material and could adversely affect our earnings. In addition, certain proposed regulatory reforms could adversely impact the operating results of our money market funds. 
 The performance of our strategies or the growth of our AUM may be constrained by unavailability of appropriate investment opportunities. 
 The ability of our investment teams to deliver strong investment performance depends in large part on their ability to identify appropriate investment opportunities in which to invest client assets. If the investment team for any of our strategies is unable to identify sufficient appropriate investment opportunities for existing and new client assets on a timely basis, the investment performance of the strategy could be adversely affected. In addition, if we determine that sufficient investment opportunities are not available for a strategy, we may choose to limit the growth of the strategy by limiting the rate at which we accept additional client assets for management under the strategy, closing the strategy to all or substantially all new investors or otherwise taking action to limit 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the flow of assets into the strategy. If we misjudge the point at which it would be optimal to limit access to or close a strategy, the investment performance of the strategy could be negatively impacted. The risk that sufficient appropriate investment opportunities may be unavailable is influenced by a number of factors, including general market conditions, but is particularly acute with respect to our strategies that focus on small and mid cap equities, and is likely to increase as our AUM increases, particularly if these increases occur very rapidly. By limiting the growth of strategies, we may be managing the business in a manner that reduces the total amount of our AUM and our investment management fees over the short term. 
 Business Risks 
 The COVID-19 and other pandemics have, and will likely continue to have, a negative impact on the global economy and interrupt normal business activity. 
 On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic. The global spread of COVID-19 created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. While COVID-19 did not have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial results as of December 31, 2022, the extent to which the pandemic and other pandemics impact our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business and individuals actions taken in response to the pandemic; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity and actions taken in response; and the effect on our ability to sell and provide our services. 
 The loss of key investment professionals or members of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We depend on the skills and expertise of our portfolio managers and other investment professionals and our success depends on our ability to retain the key members of our investment teams, who possess substantial experience in investing and have been primarily responsible for the historical investment performance we have achieved. 
 Because of the tenure and stability of our portfolio managers, our clients may attribute the investment performance we have achieved to these individuals. The departure of a portfolio manager could cause clients to withdraw assets from the strategy, which would reduce our AUM, investment management fees and our net income. The departure of a portfolio manager also could cause consultants and intermediaries to stop recommending a strategy, clients to refrain from allocating additional assets to the strategy or delay such additional assets until a sufficient new track record has been established and could also cause the departure of other portfolio managers or investment professionals. We have instituted succession planning at our Franchises in an attempt to minimize the disruption resulting from these potential changes, but we cannot predict whether such efforts will be successful. 
 We also rely upon the contributions of our senior management team to establish and implement our business strategy and to manage the future growth of our business. The loss of any of the senior management team could limit our ability to successfully execute our business strategy or adversely affect our ability to retain existing and attract new client assets and related revenues. 
 Any of our investment or management professionals may resign at any time, join our competitors or form a competing company. Although many of our portfolio managers and each of our named executive officers are subject to post employment non compete obligations, these non competition provisions may not be enforceable or may not be enforceable to their full extent. In addition, we may agree to waive non competition provisions or other restrictive covenants applicable to former investment or management professionals in light of the circumstances surrounding their relationship with us. We do not generally carry key man insurance that would provide us with proceeds in the event of the death or disability of any of the key members of our investment or management teams. 
 Competition for qualified investment and management professionals is intense and we may fail to successfully attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. Our ability to attract and retain these personnel will depend heavily on the amount and structure of compensation and opportunities for equity ownership we offer. Any cost reduction initiative or adjustments or reductions to compensation or changes to our equity ownership culture could cause instability within our existing investment teams and negatively impact our ability to retain key personnel. In addition, changes to our management structure, corporate culture and corporate governance arrangements could negatively impact our ability to retain key personnel. 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We derive substantially all of our revenues from contracts and relationships that may be terminated upon short or no notice. 
 We derive substantially all of our revenues from investment advisory and sub advisory agreements as well as fund administration and accounting, agreements with the Victory Funds, USAA Funds and VictoryShares and transfer agency agreements with the USAA Funds, all of which are terminable by clients or our funds boards upon short notice or no notice. 
 Our investment advisory agreements with registered funds, which are funds registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 1940 Act, including mutual funds and ETFs, are generally terminable by the funds boards or a vote of a majority of the funds outstanding voting securities on not more than 60 days written notice, as required by law. After an initial term (not to exceed two years), each registered fund s investment advisory agreement must be approved and renewed annually by that fund s board, including by its independent members. We maintain a long history of renewing these agreements. In addition, all of our separate account clients and certain of the mutual funds that we sub advise have the ability to re allocate all or any portion of the assets that we manage away from us at any time with little or no notice. When a sub adviser terminates its sub advisory agreement to manage a fund that we advise there is a risk that investors in the fund could redeem their assets in the fund, which would cause our AUM to decrease. Similarly, our fund administration, accounting, and transfer agency agreements are subject to annual fund board approval. 
 These investment advisory and other agreements and client relationships may be terminated or not renewed for any number of reasons. The decrease in revenues that could result from the termination of a material client relationship or group of client relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Investors in certain funds that we advise can redeem their assets from those funds at any time without prior notice. 
 Investors in the mutual funds and certain other pooled investment vehicles that we advise or sub advise may redeem their assets from those funds at any time on fairly limited or no prior notice, thereby reducing our AUM. These investors may redeem for any number of reasons, including general financial market conditions, global events, the absolute or relative investment performance we have achieved, or their own financial conditions and requirements. In a declining stock market, the pace of redemptions could accelerate. Poor investment performance relative to other funds tends to result in decreased client commitments and increased redemptions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated approximately 85 of our total revenues from mutual funds and other pooled investment vehicles that we advise (including our proprietary mutual funds, or the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares, and other entities for which we are adviser or sub adviser). The redemption of assets from those funds could adversely affect our revenues and have a material adverse effect on our earnings. 
 Investment recommendations provided to our direct investor channel may not be suitable or fulfill regulatory requirements; representatives may not disclose or address conflicts of interest, conduct inadequate due diligence, provide inadequate disclosure; transactions subject to human error or fraud. 
 The direct channel serves existing or potential individual investors who invest in our proprietary Mutual Funds, ETFs and the USAA 529 Education Savings Plan. As of April 24, 2023, Investors will have the ability to invest in third party mutual funds, third party ETFs and individual equity securities listed on major U.S. exchanges on a self-directed basis. Our broker-dealer subsidiary has a dedicated retail investor-facing sales team who discuss the merits of investing in our proprietary products. The sales team provides recommendations based on the investor s needs to aid them in their decision making. Our sales team s recommendations may not fulfill regulatory requirements as a result of their failing to collect sufficient information about an investor or failing to understand the investor s needs or risk tolerances. Risks associated with providing recommendations also include those arising from how we disclose and address actual or potential conflicts of interest, inadequate due diligence, inadequate disclosure, human error and fraud. In addition, Regulation Best Interest imposes heightened conduct standards, suitability analysis and disclosure requirements when we provide recommendations to retail investors. To the extent that we fail to satisfy regulatory requirements, fail to know our investors, improperly advise these investors, or risks associated with providing investment recommendations otherwise materialize, we could be found liable for losses suffered by such investors, or could be subject to regulatory fines, and penalties, any of which could harm our reputation and business. 
 We may be subject to claims of unsuitable investments. If individual investors suffer losses on their investment they may seek compensation from us on the basis of allegations that their investments were not suitable or that 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the fund prospectuses or other marketing materials contained material errors or were misleading. Despite the controls relating to disclosure in fund prospectuses and marketing materials, it is possible that such action may be successful, which in turn could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The significant growth we have experienced over the past few years may be difficult to sustain and our growth strategy is dependent in part upon our ability to make and successfully integrate new strategic acquisitions. 
 Our AUM has increased from 17.9 billion following our 2013 management led buyout with Crestview GP from KeyCorp to 153.0 billion as of December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of acquisitions. The absolute measure of our AUM represents a significant rate of growth that may be difficult to sustain. The continued long term growth of our business will depend on, among other things, successfully making new acquisitions, retaining key investment professionals, maintaining existing strategies and selectively developing new, value added strategies. There is no certainty that we will be able to identify suitable candidates for acquisition at prices and terms we consider attractive, consummate any such acquisition on acceptable terms, have sufficient resources to complete an identified acquisition or that our strategy for pursuing acquisitions will be effective. In addition, any acquisition can involve a number of risks, including the existence of known, unknown or contingent liabilities. An acquisition may impose additional demands on our staff that could strain our operational resources and require expenditure of substantial legal, investment banking and accounting fees. We may be required to issue additional shares of common stock or spend significant cash to consummate an acquisition, resulting in dilution of ownership or additional debt leverage, or spend additional time and money on facilitating the acquisition that otherwise would be spent on the development and expansion of our existing business. 
 We may not be able to successfully manage the process of integrating an acquired company s people and other applicable assets to extract the value and synergies projected to be realized in connection with the acquisition. The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of our combined businesses and the possible loss of key personnel and AUM. The diversion of management s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with acquisitions and the integration of an acquired company s operations could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business growth will also depend on our success in achieving superior investment performance from our strategies, as well as our ability to maintain and extend our distribution capabilities, to deal with changing market and industry conditions, to maintain adequate financial and business controls and to comply with new legal and regulatory requirements arising in response to both the increased sophistication of the investment management industry and the significant market and economic events of the last decade. 
 We may not be able to manage our growing business effectively or be able to sustain the level of growth we have achieved historically. 
 Our expenses are subject to fluctuations that could materially impact our results of operations. 
 Our results of operations are dependent upon the level of our expenses, which can vary from period to period. We have certain fixed expenses that we incur as a going concern, and some of those expenses are not subject to adjustment. If our revenues decrease, without a corresponding decrease in expenses, our results of operations would be negatively impacted. While a majority of our expenses are variable, and we attempt to project expense levels in advance, there is no guarantee that an unforeseen expense will not arise or that we will be able to adjust our variable expenses quickly enough to match a declining revenue base. Consequently, either event could have either a temporary or permanent negative impact on our results of operations. 
 A significant proportion of our existing AUM is managed in long only investments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 78 of our AUM was invested in U.S. and international equity. Under market conditions in which there is a general decline in the value of equity securities, the AUM in each of our equity strategies is likely to decline. Unlike some of our competitors, we do not currently offer strategies that invest in privately held companies or take short positions in equity securities, which could offset some of the poor performance of our long only equity strategies under such market conditions. Even if our investment performance remains strong during such market conditions relative to other long only equity strategies, investors may choose to withdraw assets from our management or allocate a larger portion of their assets to non long only or non equity strategies. In addition, the prices of equity securities may fluctuate more widely than the prices of other types of securities, making the level of our AUM and related revenues more volatile. 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, of the 78 of our AUM invested in U.S. and international equity approximately 28 of the AUM was concentrated in small and mid cap equities. As a result, a substantial portion of our operating results depends upon the performance of those investments, and our ability to retain client assets in those investments. If a significant portion of the investors in such investments decided to withdraw their assets or terminate their investment advisory agreements for any reason, including poor investment performance or adverse market conditions, our revenues from those investments would decline, which would have a material adverse effect on our earnings and financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 19 of our total AUM was invested in U.S. taxable and tax-exempt fixed-income and money market securities. While fixed-income is typically considered less volatile than the equity markets, it does exhibit different types of risks such as interest rate risk, credit risk, and over-the-counter liquidity risk. Also, retention of fixed income AUM depends upon the performance of those investments, and our ability to retain client assets in those investments. If a significant portion of the investors in such investments decided to withdraw their assets or terminate their investment advisory agreements for any reason, including poor investment performance or adverse market conditions, our revenues from those investments would decline, which would have a material adverse effect on our earnings and financial condition. Money market securities are about 2 of total AUM and are considered a low risk asset category. 
 In addition, we have historically derived substantially all of our revenue from clients in the United States. If economic conditions weaken or slow, particularly in the United States, this could have a substantial adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risk. 
 From time to time, we may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. For example, during the early part of the second quarter of 2023, the Direct Investor Business will be expanded to include brokerage capabilities through VCS, our broker dealer entity. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, we may invest significant time and resources and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business and/or a new product or service. Furthermore, strategic planning remains important as we adopt innovative products, services, and processes in response to the evolving demands for financial services and the entrance of new competitors. Any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls, so we must responsibly innovate in a manner that is consistent with sound risk management and is aligned with the overall business strategies. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and/or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our efforts to establish and develop new teams and strategies may be unsuccessful and could negatively impact our results of operations and could negatively impact our reputation and culture. 
 We seek to add new investment teams that invest in a way that is consistent with our philosophy of offering high value added strategies. We also look to offer new strategies managed by our existing teams. We expect the costs associated with establishing a new team and/or strategy initially to exceed the revenues generated, which will likely negatively impact our results of operations. If new strategies, whether managed by a new team or by an existing team, invest in instruments, or present operational issues and risks, with which we have little or no experience, it could strain our resources and increase the likelihood of an error or failure. 
 In addition, the historical returns of our existing strategies may not be indicative of the investment performance of any new strategy, and the poor performance of any new strategy could negatively impact the reputation of our other strategies. 
 We may support the development of new strategies by making one or more seed investments using capital that would otherwise be available for our general corporate purposes and acquisitions. Making such a seed investment could expose us to potential capital losses. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 An assignment could result in termination of our investment advisory agreements and could trigger consent requirements in our other investment advisory agreements. 
 Under the 1940 Act, each of the investment advisory agreements between registered funds and our subsidiary, VCM, and investment sub advisory agreements between the investment adviser to a registered fund and VCM, will terminate automatically in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 Assignment, as generally defined under the 1940 Act and the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or the Advisers Act, includes direct assignments as well as assignments that may be deemed to occur, under certain circumstances, upon the direct or indirect transfer of a controlling block of our outstanding voting securities. A transaction is not an assignment under the 1940 Act or the Advisers Act if it does not result in a change of actual control or management of VCM. 
 Upon the occurrence of such an assignment, VCM could continue to act as adviser or sub adviser to any such registered fund only if that fund s board and shareholders approved a new investment advisory agreement, except in the case of certain of the registered funds that we sub advise for which only board approval would be necessary pursuant to a manager of managers SEC exemptive order. In addition, as required by the Advisers Act, each of the investment advisory agreements for the separate accounts and pooled investment vehicles we manage provides that it may not be assigned, as defined in the Advisers Act, without the consent of the client. In addition, the investment advisory agreements for certain pooled investment vehicles we manage outside the U.S. contain provisions requiring board approval and or client consent before they can be assigned. If an assignment were to occur, we cannot be certain that we would be able to obtain the necessary approvals from the boards and shareholders of the registered funds we advise or the necessary consents from our separate account or pooled investment vehicle clients. 
 If an assignment of an investment advisory agreement is deemed to occur, and our clients do not consent to the assignment or enter into a new agreement, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our failure to comply with investment guidelines set by our clients, including the boards of registered funds, and limitations imposed by applicable law, could result in damage awards against us and a loss of AUM, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 When clients retain us to manage assets on their behalf, they generally specify certain guidelines regarding investment allocation and strategy that we are required to follow in managing their assets. The boards of registered funds we manage generally establish similar guidelines regarding the investment of assets in those funds. We are also required to invest the registered funds assets in accordance with limitations under the 1940 Act and applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code. Other clients, such as plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or ERISA, or non U.S. funds and pooled investment vehicles, require us to invest their assets in accordance with applicable law. Our failure to comply with any of these guidelines and other limitations could result in losses to clients or investors in a fund which, depending on the circumstances, could result in our obligation to make clients or fund investors whole for such losses. If we believed that the circumstances did not justify a reimbursement, or clients and investors believed the reimbursement we offered was insufficient, they could seek to recover damages from us or could withdraw assets from our management or terminate their investment advisory agreement with us. Any of these events could harm our reputation and materially adversely affect our business. 
 We provide a broad range of services to the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and sub advised mutual funds which may expose us to liability. 
 We provide a broad range of administrative services to the Victory Funds, the USAA Funds and VictoryShares, including providing personnel to the Victory Funds, the USAA Funds and VictoryShares to serve as directors and officers, the preparation or supervision of the preparation of the Victory Funds , USAA Funds and VictoryShares regulatory filings, maintenance of board calendars and preparation or supervision of the preparation of board meeting materials, management of compliance and regulatory matters, provision of shareholder services and communications, accounting services, including the supervision of the activities of the Victory Funds , USAA Funds and VictoryShares accounting services provider in the calculation of the funds net asset values, supervision of the preparation of the Victory Funds , USAA Funds and VictoryShares financial statements and coordination of the audits of those financial statements, tax services, including calculation of dividend and distribution amounts and supervision of tax return preparation, supervision of the 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 work of the USAA Funds , Victory Funds and VictoryShares other service providers, VCTA acting as transfer agent to the USAA Funds and VCS acting as a distributor for the Victory Funds and USAA Funds. If we make a mistake in the provision of those services, the Victory Funds, USAA Funds or VictoryShares could incur costs for which we might be liable. In addition, if it were determined that the Victory Funds, USAA Funds or VictoryShares failed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements as a result of action or failure to act by our employees, we could be responsible for losses suffered or penalties imposed. In addition, we could have penalties imposed on us, be required to pay fines or be subject to private litigation, any of which could decrease our future income or negatively affect our current business or our future growth prospects. Although less extensive than the range of services we provide to the Victory Funds, USAA Funds and VictoryShares, we also provide a limited range of services, in addition to investment management services, to sub advised mutual funds. 
 In addition, we from time to time provide information to the funds for which we act as sub adviser (or to a person or entity providing administrative services to such a fund), and to the UCITS, for which we act as investment manager (or to the promotor of the UCITS or a person or entity providing administrative services to such a UCITS), which is used by those funds or UCITS in their efforts to comply with various regulatory requirements. If we make a mistake in the provision of those services, the sub advised fund or UCITS could incur costs for which we might be liable. In addition, if it were determined that the sub advised fund or UCITS failed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements as a result of action or failure to act by our employees, we could be responsible for losses suffered or penalties imposed. In addition, we could have penalties imposed on us, be required to pay fines or be subject to private litigation, any of which could decrease our future income or negatively affect our current business or our future growth prospects. 
 Potential impairment of goodwill and intangible assets could result in not realizing the value of these assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our goodwill and intangible assets totaled 2.3 billion. The value of these assets may not be realized for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, significant redemptions, loss of clients, damage to brand name and unfavorable economic conditions. In accordance with the guidance under Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, ASC 350 20, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, we review the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization on an annual basis, or more frequently if indications exist suggesting that the fair value of our intangible assets may be below their carrying value. Determining goodwill and intangible assets, and evaluating them for impairment, requires significant management estimates and judgment, including estimating value and assessing useful life in connection with the allocation of purchase price in the acquisition creating them. We evaluate the value of intangible assets subject to amortization on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Should such reviews indicate impairment, a reduction of the carrying value of the intangible asset could occur. 
 If we were deemed an investment company required to register under the 1940 Act, we would become subject to burdensome regulatory requirements and our business activities could be restricted. 
 Generally, a company is an investment company required to register under the 1940 Act if, absent an applicable exception or exemption, it (i) is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities; or (ii) engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. 
 We hold ourselves out as an investment management firm and do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We believe we are engaged primarily in the business of providing investment management services and not in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We also believe our primary source of income is properly characterized as income earned in exchange for the provision of services. We believe less than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis comprise assets that could be considered investment securities. 
 We intend to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed an investment company required to register under the 1940 Act. However, if we were to be deemed an investment company required to register under the 1940 Act, restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 transact with our affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted and could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operations. 
 Merger and Acquisition Risks 
 We may not realize the benefits we expect from mergers and acquisitions because of integration difficulties and other challenges. 
 We regularly review, and from time to time have discussions on and engage in, potential transactions, including potential acquisitions of other asset managers or their assets, consolidations, equity method investments or similar transactions, some of which may be material. The success of these transactions will depend in large part on the success of integrating the personnel, operations, strategies, technologies and other components of the businesses following the completion of the transaction. The Company may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits if the integration process takes longer than expected or is more costly than expected. The failure of the Company to meet the challenges involved in successfully integrating the operations or to otherwise realize any of the anticipated benefits could impair the operations of the Company. Potential difficulties that we may encounter in the integration process include the following: 
 the integration of personnel, operations, strategies, technologies and support services; 

the disruption of ongoing businesses and distraction of their respective personnel from ongoing business concerns; 

the retention of the existing clients; 

the retention of key intermediary distribution relationships; 

the integration of corporate cultures and maintenance of employee morale; 

the retention of key employees; 

the creation of uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; 

the reduction of the costs associated with combining operations; 

the consolidation and rationalization of information technology platforms and administrative infrastructures; and 

potential unknown liabilities; 

The anticipated benefits and synergies include the elimination of duplicative personnel, realization of efficiencies in consolidating duplicative corporate, business support functions and amortization of purchased intangibles for tax purposes. However, these anticipated benefits and synergies assume a successful integration and are based on projections, which are inherently uncertain, and other assumptions. Even if integration is successful, anticipated benefits and synergies may not be achieved. 
 Certain liabilities resulting from acquisitions are estimated and could lead to a material impact on earnings. 
 Through our acquisition activities, we may record liabilities for future contingent earnout payments that are to be settled in cash. The fair value of these liabilities is assessed on a quarterly basis and changes in assumptions used to determine the amount of the liability could lead to an adjustment that may have a material impact, favorable or unfavorable, on our results of operations. 
 Indebtedness Risks 
 Our substantial indebtedness may expose us to material risks. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,002 million of outstanding debt that consisted of (i) an existing term loan balance of 631 million and (ii) incremental term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 371 million. In addition, we maintain a 100.0 million revolving credit facility, though no amounts were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our substantial indebtedness may make it more difficult for us to withstand or respond to adverse or changing business, regulatory and economic conditions or to take advantage of new business opportunities or make necessary capital expenditures. In addition, the 2019 Credit Agreement contains financial and operating 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 covenants that may limit our ability to conduct our business. While we are currently in compliance in all material respects with the financial and operating covenants under the 2019 Credit Agreement, we cannot assure that at all times in the future we will satisfy all such financial and operating covenants (or any such covenants applicable at the time) or obtain any required waiver or amendment, in which event all outstanding indebtedness could become immediately due and payable. This could result in a substantial reduction in our liquidity and could challenge our ability to meet future cash needs of the business. 
 To the extent we service our debt from our cash flow, such cash will not be available for our operations or other purposes. Because of our significant debt service obligations, the portion of our cash flow used to service those obligations could be substantial if our revenues decline, whether because of market declines or for other reasons. Any substantial decrease in net operating cash flows or any substantial increase in expenses could make it difficult for us to meet our debt service requirements or force us to modify our operations. Our ability to repay the principal amount of any outstanding loans under the 2019 Credit Agreement, to refinance our debt or to obtain additional financing through debt or the sale of additional equity securities will depend on our performance, as well as financial, business and other general economic factors affecting the credit and equity markets generally or our business in particular, many of which are beyond our control. Any such alternatives may not be available to us on satisfactory terms or at all. 
 2020 Debt Refinancing 
 On January 17, 2020, we entered into the First Amendment (the First Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement with the other loan parties thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the Royal Bank of Canada as fronting bank. Pursuant to the First Amendment, the Company refinanced the existing term loans (the 2019 Term Loans with replacement term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 952.0 million (the 2020 Term Loans ). The 2020 Term Loans provided for substantially the same terms as the 2019 Term Loans, including the same maturity date of July 1, 2026, except that the 2020 Term Loans provide for a reduced applicable margin on LIBOR of 75 basis points. The applicable margin on LIBOR under the 2020 Term Loans was 2.50 , compared to 3.25 under the 2019 Term Loans. 
 2021 Debt Refinancing 
 On February 18, 2021, we entered into the Second Amendment (the Second Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement (as amended by the First Amendment to the Credit Agreement dated as of January 17, 2020, the 2020 Term Loans with the other loan parties thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, the Royal Bank of Canada as fronting bank, and the lenders party thereto from time to time. Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Company refinanced the 2020 Term Loans with replacement term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 755.7 million (the Repriced Term Loans ). The Repriced Term Loans provide for substantially the same terms as the Existing Term Loans, including the same maturity date of July 1, 2026, except that the Repriced Term Loans provide for a reduced applicable margin on LIBOR of 25 basis points. The applicable margin on LIBOR under the Repriced Term Loans is 2.25 , compared to 2.50 under the Existing Term Loans. 
 2021 Incremental Term Loans 
 On December 31, 2021, we entered into the Third Amendment (the Third Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement with the guarantors party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto from time to time. Pursuant to the Third Amendment, the Company obtained incremental term loans (the 2021 Incremental Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount of 505.0 million and used the proceeds to fund the acquisition of 100 of the equity interest of WestEnd Advisors, LLC and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. The 2021 Incremental Term Loans will mature in December 2028 and will bear interest at an annual rate equal to, at the option of the Company, either LIBOR (adjusted for reserves and subject to a 50 basis point floor) plus a margin of 2.25 or an alternate base rate plus a margin of 1.25 . 
 2022 LIBOR to Term SOFR Rate Transition 
 On September 23, 2022, the Company entered into the Fourth Amendment (the Fourth Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement to change the interest rate on its debt from LIBOR to a rate based on the secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus a ten-basis point credit spread adjustment. There was no change to the applicable margin on the referenced rate as a result of the Fourth Amendment. 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The LIBOR rate loans outstanding as of the Fourth Amendment s effective date continued as LIBOR rate loans until the end of their current interest periods. The 2021 Incremental Term Loans converted into Term SOFR loans on September 30, 2022, while the Repriced Term Loans converted into Term SOFR loans on October 6, 2022. Also on October 6, 2022, the interest periods for the Repriced Term Loans and 2021 Incremental Term Loans were aligned and the three-month Term SOFR rate was elected for all the Company s term loans. 
 Capital Structure and Public Company Risks 
 A relatively large percentage of our Common Stock is concentrated with a small number of shareholders, which could increase the volatility in our stock trading and affect our share price. 
 A large percentage of our common stock is held by a limited number of shareholders. If our larger shareholders decide to liquidate their positions, it could cause significant fluctuation in the share price of our common stock. Public companies with a relatively concentrated level of institutional shareholders, such as we have, often have difficulty generating trading volume in their stock, which may increase the volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 Crestview GP beneficially owns a significant amount of our common stock and its interests may conflict with ours or other shareholders in the future. 
 Crestview GP does not hold any of our common stock, but beneficially owns 36.0 of our common stock as of December 31, 2022. As a result, Crestview GP has the ability to elect several members of our board of directors and thereby significantly influence our policies and operations, including the appointment of management, future issuances of our common stock or other securities, the payment of dividends, if any, on our common stock, the incurrence of debt by us, amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and the entering into of extraordinary transactions. Crestview GP may also be able to significantly influence all matters requiring shareholder approval including without limitation a change in control of us or a change in the composition of our board of directors and or precluding any acquisition of us. This significant voting control could deprive other shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for shares of their common stock as part of a sale of us and ultimately might affect the market price of our common stock. Further, the interests of Crestview GP may not in all cases be aligned with other shareholders interests. 
 In addition, Crestview GP may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to other shareholders. For example, Crestview GP could influence us to make acquisitions that increase our indebtedness or sell revenue generating assets. Crestview GP is in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that none of Crestview GP or Reverence Capital or any of their respective affiliates will have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. Crestview GP or Reverence Capital also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us, which could have an adverse effect on our growth prospects. 
 The market price of our Common Stock is likely to be volatile and could decline. 
 The stock market in general has been highly volatile. As a result, the market price and trading volume for our Common Stock may also be highly volatile, and investors our Common Stock may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. Factors that could cause the market price of our Common Stock to fluctuate significantly include: 
 our operating and financial performance and prospects and the performance of other similar companies; 

our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry; 

conditions that impact demand for our products and services; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, financial guidance and other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities or research analysts who track our Common Stock; 

32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 market and industry perception of our level of success in pursuing our growth strategy; 

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

changes in government and other regulations; changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

departure of key personnel; 

the number of shares publicly traded; 

sales of our Common Stock by us, our investors or members of our management team; and 

changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the U.S. and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural disasters, telecommunications failures, cyber attacks, civil unrest in various parts of the world, acts of war, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the trading volume and market price of our Common Stock. 
 Following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, shareholders often file securities class action lawsuits against such company. Our involvement in a class action lawsuit could divert our senior management s attention and, if adversely determined, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Future sales of shares by shareholders could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. As of February 28, 2023, 67,578,282 shares of our Common Stock are outstanding. Shares of our Common Stock are freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, unless purchased by our affiliates, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 
 In the future, we may issue additional shares of common stock or other equity or debt securities convertible into common stock in connection with a financing, acquisition or employee arrangement, or in certain other circumstances. Any of these issuances could result in substantial dilution to our existing shareholders and could cause the trading price of our Common Stock to decline. 
 If securities or industry analysts publish misleading or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our Common Stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts downgrades our shares or publishes misleading or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our shares could decrease, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply with certain reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Start-ups Act, or the JOBS Act, enacted in April 2012, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation (including Chief Executive Officer pay ratio disclosure) in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As an emerging growth company, we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies. We may take advantage of these exemptions until such time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We will lose our emerging growth company status upon the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of our IPO, (b) in which we have annual gross revenues of at least 1.07 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which requires the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates to equal or exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the preceding three-year period. 
 We expect to lose emerging growth company status and become subject to the SEC s internal control over financial reporting management and auditor attestation requirements and all reporting requirements applicable to other public companies beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023 . 
 Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 
 Any decision on our part to comply with certain reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies for the period we remain an emerging growth company could make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 
 We cannot predict whether investors will find our Common Stock less attractive if we choose to rely on one or more of the exemptions described above. If investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result of any decisions to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage our business, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
 Prior to February 2018, we operated as a private company and had not been subject to the same financial and other reporting and corporate governance requirements of a public company. As a public company, we are now required to file annual, quarterly and other reports with the SEC. We need to prepare and timely file financial statements that comply with SEC reporting requirements. We also are subject to other reporting and corporate governance requirements under the listing standards of NASDAQ and the Sarbanes Oxley Act, which impose significant compliance costs and obligations upon us. Being a public company requires a significant commitment of additional resources and management oversight, which add to operating costs. These changes place significant additional demands on our finance and accounting staff, which may not have prior public company experience or experience working for a newly public company, and on our financial accounting and information systems, and we may need to, in the future, hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company reporting experience and technical accounting knowledge. Other expenses associated with being a public company include increases in auditing, accounting and legal fees and expenses, investor relations expenses, increased directors fees and director and officer liability insurance costs, registrar and transfer agent fees and listing fees, as well as other expenses. As a public company, we are required, among other things, to: 
 prepare and file periodic reports, and distribute other shareholder communications, in compliance with the federal securities laws and the NASDAQ rules; 

define and expand the roles and the duties of our board of directors and its committees; 

institute more comprehensive compliance, investor relations and internal audit functions; and 

evaluate and maintain our system of internal control over financial reporting, and report on management s assessment thereof, in compliance with rules and regulations of the SEC. 

In particular, the Sarbanes Oxley Act requires us to document and test the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with an established internal control framework, and to report on our conclusions as to the effectiveness of our internal controls. Currently we choose to utilize the exemption pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for emerging growth companies whereby our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. As described in the previous risk factor, we could potentially qualify as an emerging growth company until December 31, 2023. In addition, we are required under 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the Exchange Act to maintain disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. This could result in a decrease in the value of our Common Stock. Failure to comply with the Sarbanes Oxley Act could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related SEC rules require that we perform an annual management assessment of the design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our assessment concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2021; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time in future periods. Accordingly, we cannot assure that we will be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, effective internal control is necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and is important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our Common Stock could drop significantly. 
 Our ability to pay regular dividends is subject to our Board s discretion and Delaware law. 
 We intend to pay dividends to holders of our Common Stock as described in Dividend Policy. Our board of directors may, in its sole discretion, change the amount or frequency of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. In making decisions regarding our quarterly dividends, we consider general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our businesses and investment opportunities, our financial condition and operating results, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions (including under the terms of our Fourth Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement) and legal, tax, regulatory and such other factors as we may deem relevant. 
 Future offerings of debt or equity securities may rank senior to our Common Stock. 
 If we decide to issue debt securities in the future, which would rank senior to shares of our common stock, it is likely that they will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. We and, indirectly, our shareholders will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. We may also issue preferred equity, which will have superior rights relative to our common stock, including with respect to voting and liquidation. 
 Furthermore, if our future access to public markets is limited or our performance decreases, we may need to carry out a private placement or public offering of our Common Stock at a lower price than the price at which investors purchased their shares. 
 Because our decision to issue debt, preferred or other equity or equity linked securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, holders of our Common Stock will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our Common Stock and diluting the value of their shareholdings in us. 
 Provisions in our charter documents could discourage a takeover that shareholders may consider favorable. 
 Certain provisions in our governing documents could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us difficult, even if such events would be beneficial to the interests of our shareholders. Among other things, these provisions: 
 permit our board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships; 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board of directors could use to implement a shareholder rights plan; 

35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to amend or repeal any provision of our bylaws; 

restrict the forum for certain litigation against us to Delaware; 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by shareholders at annual shareholder meetings; 

establish a classified board of directors with three classes of directors and the removal of directors only for cause; 

require that actions to be taken by our shareholders be taken only at an annual or special meeting of our shareholders, and not by written consent; 

establish certain limitations on convening special shareholder meetings; and 

restrict business combinations with interested shareholders. 

These provisions may delay or prevent attempts by our shareholders to replace members of our management by making it more difficult for shareholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. Anti takeover provisions could depress the price of our common stock by acting to delay or prevent a change in control of us. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees and may discourage these types of lawsuits. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 As an investment management and brokerage firm, we are subject to extensive regulation. 
 Investment management firms are subject to extensive regulation in the United States, primarily at the federal level, including regulation by the SEC under the 1940 Act and the Advisers Act, by the U.S. Department of Labor, or the DOL, under ERISA, by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the CFTC, by the National Futures Association, or NFA, under the Commodity Exchange Act, and by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., or FINRA. The U.S. mutual funds and ETFs we manage are registered with and regulated by the SEC as investment companies under the 1940 Act. The Advisers Act imposes numerous obligations on investment advisers, including recordkeeping, advertising, compliance and operating requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on fraudulent activities. The 1940 Act imposes similar obligations, as well as additional detailed operational requirements, on registered funds, which must be adhered to by their investment advisers. Investment advisers also are subject to certain state securities laws and regulations. Non-compliance with the Advisers Act, the 1940 Act or other federal and state securities laws and regulations could result in investigations, sanctions, disgorgement, fines and reputational damage. 
 Trading and investment activities conducted by the investment adviser for its client accounts are regulated under the Exchange Act, as well as the rules of various securities exchanges and self-regulatory organizations, including laws governing trading on inside information, market manipulation and a broad number of technical requirements (e.g., short sale limits, volume limitations and reporting obligations) and market regulation policies. Violation of any of these laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions, as well as restrictions on the investment management firm s activities and damage to its reputation. 
 Certain client accounts subject the investment adviser to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), and to regulations promulgated thereunder by the DOL, since we act as a fiduciary under ERISA with respect to benefit plan clients that are subject to ERISA. ERISA and applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code impose certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries under ERISA, 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 require the investment adviser to carry bonds insuring against losses caused by fraud or dishonesty, prohibit certain transactions involving ERISA plan clients and impose excise taxes for violations of these prohibitions, and mandate certain required periodic reporting and disclosures. ERISA also imposes additional compliance, reporting and operational requirements on investment advisers that otherwise are not applicable to clients that are not subject to ERISA. 
 With the expansion of the Direct Investor Business to include brokerage capabilities through our broker-dealer entity VCS.Investors will be able to leverage our open architecture brokerage option and establish brokerage accounts to invest in mutual funds and ETFs from our platform along with individual stocks and products managed by third-party providers including cash management capabilities, these brokerage activities are likely to result in increased focus from FINRA as we will have to comply with extensive regulations imposed by FINRA. 
 We have also expanded our distribution effort into non U.S. markets through partnered distribution efforts and product offerings, including Australia, Europe, Japan, Singapore and Hong Kong. In the future, we may further expand our business outside of the United States in such a way or to such an extent that we may be required to register with additional foreign regulatory agencies or otherwise comply with additional non U.S. laws and regulations that do not currently apply to us and with respect to which we do not have compliance experience. Our lack of experience in complying with any such non U.S. laws and regulations may increase our risk of being subject to regulatory actions and becoming party to litigation in such non U.S. jurisdictions, which could be more expensive. Moreover, being subject to regulation in multiple jurisdictions may increase the cost, complexity and time required for engaging in transactions that require regulatory approval. 
 Accordingly, we face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities, including extended investigation and surveillance activity, adoption of costly or restrictive new regulations and judicial or administrative proceedings that may result in substantial penalties. Among other things, we could be fined, lose our licenses or be prohibited or limited from engaging in some of our business activities or corporate transactions. The requirements imposed by our regulators are designed to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect clients and other third parties who deal with us and are not designed to protect our shareholders. Consequently, these regulations often serve to limit our activities, including through net capital, client protection and market conduct requirements. 
 The regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to continual change and regulatory developments designed to increase oversight may materially adversely affect our business. 
 We operate in a legislative and regulatory environment that is subject to continual change, the nature of which we cannot predict. We may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the SEC, other U.S. or non U.S. governmental regulatory authorities or self regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. The SEC and its staff are currently engaged in various initiatives and reviews that seek to improve and modernize the regulatory structure governing the asset management industry, and registered investment companies in particular. In addition, more recently the SEC has also adopted rules, many of which are currently in an implementation period, which will increase our public reporting and disclosure requirements, which could be costly and may impede the Company s growth. 
 Key initiatives and rules that the SEC is contemplating that are likely to impact our business include: 
 Consumer Privacy Protection Laws 
 In November 2020, California voters approved the CPRA, which amends the existing California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA and provides new and additional rights and obligations to the existing law. 
 Money Market Reforms 
 In December 2021, the SEC proposed amendments to certain rules that govern money market funds under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The proposed amendments would improve the resilience and transparency of money market funds. 
 SEC Proposed Rules on Private Fund Advisers 
 In February 2022, the SEC proposed new rules and amendments to enhance regulation of private fund advisors. The changes would mandate certain client reporting and event driven disclosure, enact audit requirements, and prohibit certain activities that the SEC deems contrary to the public interest or has a material 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 negative effect on other investors. The amendments also would require all advisors to document their annual compliance review in writing. 
 Cybersecurity Risk Governance Public Operating Companies 
 In February 2022, the SEC proposed new cybersecurity risk management rules and amendments to enhance cybersecurity preparedness and improve the resilience of investment advisers and investment companies against cybersecurity threats and attacks. 
 The Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures for Investors 
 In March 2022, the SEC proposed a rule that would require registrants to provide certain climate-related information in their registration statements and annual reports. The proposed rules would require information about a registrant s climate-related risks that are reasonably likely to have a material impact on its business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 Investment Company Names Rule 
 In May 2022, the SEC proposed amendments to Rule 35d-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, the fund Names Rule. The proposed amendments would further serve the SEC s mission of investor protection by: 
 Improving and expanding the current requirement for certain funds to adopt a policy to invest at least 80 percent of their assets in accordance with the investment focus the fund s name suggests; 

Providing new enhanced disclosure and reporting requirements; and 

Updating the rule s current notice requirements and establishing recordkeeping requirements. 

ESG Disclosures for Investment Advisers and Investment Companies 
 In May 2022, the SEC proposed amendments to rules and disclosure forms to promote consistent, comparable, and reliable information for investors concerning funds and advisers incorporation of ESG factors. 
 Proxy Solicitation Rule Amendments 
 In July 2022, the SEC adopted rule amendments that will impose additional disclosure and procedural requirements on proxy advisors like ISS as conditions from being able to continue relying on exemptions from the information and filing requirements of the federal proxy rules. The SEC also concurrently published supplemental guidance to assist investment advisers in fulfilling their proxy voting responsibilities when relying on proxy advisors for their advice and or voting execution platforms. 
 Tailored Shareholder Reports for Mutual Funds and Exchange-Traded Funds 
 In October 2022, the SEC adopted rules and amendments that will require open-end investment companies to transmit concise and visually engaging annual and semi-annual reports to shareholders that highlight key information that is particularly important for retail investors to assess and monitor their fund investments. 
 Outsourcing by Investment Advisers 
 In October 2022, the SEC proposed a new rule under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 designed to prohibit registered investment advisers from outsourcing certain services or functions without first meeting minimum requirements. The proposed rule would require advisers to conduct due diligence prior to engaging a service provider to perform certain services or functions. 
 Open-End Fund Liquidity Risk Management and Swing Pricing 
 In November 2022, the SEC proposed amendments to better prepare open-end management investment companies for stressed conditions and mitigate dilution of shareholders interests. The rule and form amendments would improve on the existing framework by: 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Enhancing how open-end funds other than money market funds MMFs and certain exchange traded funds ETFs classify the liquidity of their investments and requiring a minimum amount of highly liquid assets of at least 10 percent of net assets; 

Requiring any open-end fund, other than a MMF or ETF, to use swing pricing and implementing a hard close to operationalize this pricing and to improve order processing more generally; and 

Providing for more frequent, timelier, and more detailed public reporting of fund information, including information about funds liquidity and use of swing pricing. 

SEC Proposed Regulation Best Execution 
 In December 2022, the SEC proposed a new rule, Regulation Best Execution, that would establish a best execution standard for brokers-dealers. 
 Shortening the Securities Transaction Settlement Cycle 
 In February 2023, the SEC adopted rules to shorten the settlement cycle for most securities transactions from two business days after trade date (T+2) to one (T+1). The compliance date for these rules are set for Tuesday May, 28, 2024. 
 SEC Proposed Enhancements to Custody Rule 
 In February 2023, the SEC proposed amendments to and a redesignation of the current custody rule, currently designated as Rule 206(4)-2. The proposal redesignates the custody rule as rule 223-1 and would enhance the rule s protections and subject a broader array of client assets and advisory activities to the enhanced protections. 
 Industry Risks 
 Recent trends in the investment management industry could reduce our AUM, revenues and net income. 
 Certain passive products and asset classes, such as index and certain types of ETFs, are becoming increasingly popular with investors, including institutional investors. In recent years, across the investment management industry, passive products have experienced inflows and traditional actively managed products have experienced outflows, in each case, in the aggregate. In order to maintain appropriate fee levels in a competitive environment, we must be able to continue to provide clients with investment products and services that are viewed as appropriate in relation to the fees charged, which may require us to demonstrate that our strategies can outperform such passive products. If our clients, including our funds boards, were to view our fees as being high relative to the market or the returns provided by our investment products, we may choose to reduce our fee levels or existing clients may withdraw their assets in order to invest in passive products, and we may be unable to attract additional commitments from existing and new clients, which would lead to a decline in our AUM and market share. To the extent we offer such passive products, we may not be able to compete with other firms offering similar products. 
 Our revenues and net income are dependent on our ability to maintain current fee levels for the products and services we offer. The competitive nature of the investment management industry has led to a trend toward lower fees in certain segments of the investment management market. Our ability to sustain fee levels depends on future growth in specific asset classes and distribution channels. These factors, as well as regulatory changes, could further inhibit our ability to sustain fees for certain products. A reduction in the fees charged by us could reduce our revenues and net income. 
 Our fees vary by asset class and produce different revenues per dollar of AUM based on factors such as the type of assets being managed, the applicable strategy, the type of client and the client fee schedule. Institutional clients may have significant negotiating leverage in establishing the terms of an advisory relationship, particularly with respect to the level of fees paid, and the competitive pressure to attract and retain institutional clients may impact the level of fee income earned by us. We may decline to manage assets from potential clients who demand lower fees even though such assets would increase our revenue and AUM in the short term. 
 The investment management industry is intensely competitive. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The investment management industry is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, fees, continuity of investment professionals and client relationships, the quality of services provided to clients, corporate positioning and business reputation, continuity of selling arrangements with intermediaries and differentiated products. A number of factors, including the following, serve to increase our competitive risks: 
 a number of our competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, more comprehensive name recognition and more personnel than we do; 

potential competitors have a relatively low cost of entering the investment management industry; 

certain investors may prefer to invest with an investment manager that is not publicly traded based on the perception that a publicly traded asset manager may focus on the manager s own growth to the detriment of investment performance for clients; 

other industry participants, hedge funds and alternative asset managers may seek to recruit our investment professionals; and 

certain competitors charge lower fees for their investment management services than we do. 

Additionally, intermediaries through which we distribute our funds may also sell their own proprietary funds and investment products, which could limit the distribution of our strategies. If we are unable to compete effectively, our earnings could be reduced and our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 Third Party Risks 
 We depend primarily on third parties to market and sell our products. 
 Our ability to attract additional assets to manage is highly dependent on our access to third party intermediaries. We gain access to investors in the Victory Funds, USAA Funds and VictoryShares primarily through consultants, 401(k) platforms, broker dealers, financial advisors and mutual fund platforms through which shares of the funds are sold. We have relationships with certain third party intermediaries through which we access clients in multiple distribution channels. 
 We compensate most of the intermediaries through which we gain access to investors in the Victory Funds and VictoryShares by paying fees, most of which are a percentage of assets invested in the Victory Funds and VictoryShares through that intermediary and with respect to which that intermediary provides shareholder and administrative services. The allocation of such fees between us and the Victory Funds and VictoryShares is determined by the board of the Victory Funds and VictoryShares and the board of the USAA Funds, based on information and a recommendation from us, with the intent of allocating to us all costs attributable to marketing and distribution of (i) shares of the Victory Funds and USAA Funds not otherwise covered by distribution fees paid pursuant to a distribution and service plan adopted in accordance with Rule 12b 1 under the 1940 Act and (ii) VictoryShares. 
 In the future, our expenses in connection with those intermediary relationships could increase if the portion of those fees determined to be in connection with marketing and distribution, or otherwise allocated to us, increased. Clients of these intermediaries may not continue to be accessible to us on terms we consider commercially reasonable, or at all. The absence of such access could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We access institutional clients primarily through consultants. Our institutional business is dependent upon referrals from consultants. Many of these consultants review and evaluate our products and our firm from time to time. Poor reviews or evaluations of either a particular strategy or us as an investment management firm may result in client withdrawals or may impair our ability to attract new assets through these consultants. 
 We rely on third parties to provide products or services for the operation of our business, and a failure or inability by such parties to provide these products or services could materially adversely affect our business. 
 We have determined, based on an evaluation of various factors, that it is more efficient to use third parties for certain functions and services. As a result, we have contracted with a limited number of third parties to provide critical operational support, such as middle and back office functions, information technology services and various fund administration and accounting roles, and the funds contract with third parties in custody, transfer agent and sub transfer agent roles. The third parties with which we do business may also be sources of 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 cybersecurity or other technological risks. While we engage in certain actions to reduce the exposure, such as collaborating to develop secure transmission capabilities, performing security control assessments and limiting third party access to the least privileged level necessary to perform job functions, our business would be disrupted if key service providers become unable to continue to perform the services upon which we depend or fail to protect against or respond to cyber-attacks, data breaches or other incidents. Moreover, to the extent our third party providers increase their pricing, our financial performance will be negatively impacted. In addition, upon termination of a third party contract, we may encounter difficulties in replacing the third party on favorable terms, transitioning services to another vendor, or in assuming those responsibilities ourselves, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Operational and Cybersecurity Risks 
 Operational risks may disrupt our business, result in losses or limit our growth. 
 We are heavily dependent on the capacity and reliability of the communications, information and technology systems supporting our operations, whether developed, owned and operated by us or by third parties. We also rely on manual workflows and a variety of manual user controls. Operational risks such as trading or other operational errors or interruption of our financial, accounting, trading, compliance and other data processing systems, whether caused by human error, fire, other natural disaster or pandemic, power or telecommunications failure, cyber attack or viruses, act of terrorism or war or otherwise, could result in a disruption of our business, liability to clients, regulatory intervention or reputational damage, and thus materially adversely affect our business. The potential for some types of operational risks, including, for example, trading errors, may be increased in periods of increased volatility, which can magnify the cost of an error. Insurance and other safeguards might not be available or might only partially reimburse us for our losses. 
 Although we have backup systems in place, our backup procedures and capabilities in the event of a failure or interruption may not be adequate. As our client base, number and complexity of strategies and client relationships increase, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure may become increasingly challenging. We may also suffer losses due to employee negligence, fraud or misconduct. Non compliance with policies, employee misconduct, negligence or fraud could result in legal liability, regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm. In recent years, a number of multinational financial institutions have suffered material losses due to the actions of rogue traders or other employees. It is not always possible to deter or detect employee misconduct and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not always be effective. Employee misconduct could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Failure to implement effective information and cyber security policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and cause financial losses. 
 We electronically receive, process, store and transmit sensitive information of our clients including personal data, such as, without limitation, names and addresses, social security numbers, driver's license numbers, such information is necessary to support our clients investment transactions. The uninterrupted operation of our information systems, as well as the confidentiality of the customer information that resides on such systems, is critical to our successful operation. Bad actors may attempt to harm us by gaining access to confidential or proprietary client information, often with the intent of stealing from or defrauding us or our clients. In some cases, they seek to disrupt our ability to conduct our business, including by destroying information maintained by us. For that reason, cybersecurity is one of the principal operational risks we face as a provider of financial services and our operations rely on the effectiveness of our information and cyber security policies, procedures and capabilities to provide secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems, software, networks and mobile devices and on the computer systems, software, networks and mobile devices of third parties on which we rely. Although we maintain a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that fraudulent activity is either prevented or detected on a timely basis and we take other protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software, networks and mobile devices may be vulnerable to cyber attacks, sabotage, unauthorized access, computer viruses, worms or other malicious code, and other events that have a security impact. In addition, our interconnectivity with service providers and other third parties may be adversely affected if any of them are subject to a successful cyber-attack or other information security event. While we collaborate with service providers and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and other measures to protect against cyber-attacks, we cannot ensure that we or any third party has all appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of such information. 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 An externally caused information security incident, such as a cyber attack, virus or worm, or an internally caused issue, such as failure to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client or competitive information and could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory actions, breach of clients contracts, reputational harm or legal liability. If one or more such events occur, it could potentially jeopardize our or our clients , employees or counterparties confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our or third party computer systems, software, networks and mobile devices, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients , our counterparties or third parties operations. As a result, we could experience material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a provider of financial services, we are bound by the disclosure limitations and if we fail to comply with these regulations and industry security requirements, we could be exposed to damages from legal actions from clients, governmental proceedings, governmental notice requirements, and the imposition of fines or prohibitions on the services we provide. Additionally, some of our client contracts require us to indemnify clients in the event of a cyber breach if our systems do not meet minimum security standards. We may be required to spend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against fully or not fully covered through any insurance that we maintain. 
 Increasing government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cyber-attacks and data privacy breaches, and have resulted in heightened security requirements, including additional regulatory expectations for oversight of vendors and service providers. If more restrictive privacy laws, rules or industry security requirements are adopted in the future on the Federal or State level, or by a specific industry body, they could have an adverse impact on us through increased costs or business restrictions. 
 Any inability to prevent security or privacy breaches, or the perception that such breaches may occur, could cause our existing clients to lose confidence in our systems and terminate their agreements with us, inhibit our ability to attract new clients, result in increasing regulation, or bring about other adverse consequences from the government agencies that regulate our business. 
 Disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to our ETF platform may adversely affect the prices at which VictoryShares trade, particularly during periods of market volatility. 
 Shares of ETFs, such as VictoryShares, trade on stock exchanges at prices at, above or below the ETF s most recent net asset value. While ETFs utilize a creation/redemption feature and arbitrage mechanism designed to make it more likely that the ETF s shares normally will trade at prices close to the ETF s net asset value, exchange prices may deviate significantly from the ETF s net asset value. ETF market prices are subject to numerous potential risks, including trading halts invoked by a stock exchange, inability or unwillingness of market makers, authorized participants, settlement systems or other market participants to perform functions necessary for an ETF s arbitrage mechanism to function effectively, or significant market volatility. If market events lead to incidences where ETFs trade at prices that deviate significantly from an ETF s net asset value, or trading halts are invoked by the relevant stock exchange or market, investors may lose confidence in ETF products and redeem their holdings, which may cause our AUM, revenue and earnings to decline. 
 General Risks 
 Reputational harm could result in a loss of AUM and revenues. 
 The integrity of our brands and reputation is critical to our ability to attract and retain clients, business partners and employees and maintain relationships with consultants. We operate within the highly regulated financial services industry and various potential scenarios could result in harm to our reputation. They include internal operational failures, failure to follow investment or legal guidelines in the management of accounts, intentional or unintentional misrepresentation of our products and services in offering or advertising materials, public relations information, litigation (whether substantiated or not), social media or other external communications, employee misconduct or investments in businesses or industries that are controversial to certain special interest groups. Any real or perceived conflict between our and our shareholders interests and our clients interests, as well as any fraudulent activity or other exposure of client assets or information, may harm our reputation. The negative publicity associated with any of these factors could harm our reputation and adversely impact relationships with existing and potential clients, third party distributors, consultants and other business partners 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and subject us to regulatory sanctions or litigation. Damage to our brands or reputation could negatively impact our standing in the industry and result in loss of business in both the short term and the long term. 
 Additionally, while we have ultimate control over the business activities of our Franchises, they generally have the autonomy to manage their day to day operations, and if we fail to intervene in potentially serious matters that may arise, our reputation could be damaged and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 If our techniques for managing risk are ineffective, we may be exposed to material unanticipated losses. 
 In order to manage the significant risks inherent in our business, we must maintain effective policies, procedures and systems that enable us to identify, monitor and mitigate our exposure to operational, legal and reputational risks, including from the investment autonomy of our Franchises. Our risk management methods may prove to be ineffective due to their design or implementation, or as a result of the lack of adequate, accurate or timely information or otherwise. If our risk management efforts are ineffective, we could suffer losses that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results. Additionally, we could be subject to litigation, particularly from our clients or investors, and sanctions or fines from regulators. 
 Our techniques for managing operational, legal and reputational risks in client portfolios may not fully mitigate the risk exposure in all economic or market environments, including exposure to risks that we might fail to identify or anticipate. Because our clients invest in our strategies in order to gain exposure to the portfolio securities of the respective strategies, we have not adopted corporate level risk management policies to manage market, interest rate or exchange rate risks that could affect the value of our overall AUM. 
 Certain of our strategies invest principally in the securities of non U.S. companies, which involve foreign currency exchange, tax, political, social and economic uncertainties and risks. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 9 of our total AUM was invested in strategies that primarily invest in securities of non U.S. companies and securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could negatively affect the returns of our clients who are invested in these securities. In addition, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to non U.S. currencies is likely to result in a decrease in the U.S. dollar value of our AUM, which, in turn, would likely result in lower revenue and profits. 
 Investments in non U.S. issuers may also be affected by tax positions taken in countries or regions in which we are invested as well as political, social and economic uncertainty. Declining tax revenues may cause governments to assert their ability to tax the local gains and/or income of foreign investors (including our clients), which could adversely affect client interests in investing outside their home markets. Many financial markets are not as developed, or as efficient, as the U.S. financial markets, and, as a result, those markets may have limited liquidity and higher price volatility and may lack established regulations. Liquidity may also be adversely affected by political or economic events, government policies, and social or civil unrest within a particular country, and our ability to dispose of an investment may also be adversely affected if we increase the size of our investments in smaller non U.S. issuers. Non U.S. legal and regulatory environments, including financial accounting standards and practices, may also be different, and there may be less publicly available information about such companies. These risks could adversely affect the performance of our strategies that are invested in securities of non U.S. issuers and may be particularly acute in the emerging or less developed markets in which we invest. In addition to our Trivalent and Sophus Franchises, certain of our other Franchises and Solutions Platform invest in emerging or less developed markets. 
 The expansion of our business outside of the United States raises tax and regulatory risks, may adversely affect our profit margins and places additional demands on our resources and employees. 
 We have expanded and intend to continue to expand our distribution efforts into non U.S. markets through partnered distribution efforts and product offerings, including Europe, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong and Australia. For example, we organized and serve as investment manager of Irish domiciled UCIT fund. Clients outside the United States may be adversely affected by political, social and economic uncertainty in their respective home countries and regions, which could result in a decrease in the net client cash flows that come from such clients. This expansion has required and will continue to require us to incur a number of up front expenses, including those associated with obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals and office space, as well as additional ongoing expenses, including those associated with leases, the employment of additional support staff and regulatory compliance. 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Non U.S. clients may be less accepting of the U.S. practice of payment for certain research products and services through soft dollars soft dollars are a means of paying brokerage firms for their services through commission revenue, rather than through direct payments) or such practices may not be permissible in certain jurisdictions, which could have the effect of increasing our expenses. In addition, the European Commission adopted several acts under the revised Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (known as MiFID II that prevent the bundling of the cost of research together with trading commissions. As a result, clients subject to MiFID II may be unable to use soft dollars to pay for research services in the United Kingdom and in Europe. 
 Our U.S. based employees routinely travel outside the United States as a part of our investment research process or to market our services and may spend extended periods of time in one or more non U.S. jurisdictions. Their activities outside the United States on our behalf may raise both tax and regulatory issues. If and to the extent we are incorrect in our analysis of the applicability or impact of non U.S. tax or regulatory requirements, we could incur costs or penalties or be the subject of an enforcement or other action. Operating our business in non U.S. markets is generally more expensive than in the United States. In addition, costs related to our distribution and marketing efforts in non U.S. markets generally have been more expensive than comparable costs in the United States. To the extent that our revenues do not increase to the same degree as our expenses increase in connection with our continuing expansion outside the United States, our profitability could be adversely affected. Expanding our business into non U.S. markets may also place significant demands on our existing infrastructure and employees. 
 We are also subject to a number of laws and regulations governing payments and contributions to political persons or other third parties, including restrictions imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), as well as trade sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of State. Similar laws in non U.S. jurisdictions may also impose stricter or more onerous requirements and implementing them may disrupt our business or cause us to incur significantly more costs to comply with those laws. Different laws may also contain conflicting provisions, making compliance with all laws more difficult. Any determination that we have violated the FCPA or other applicable anti corruption laws or sanctions could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. While we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure strict compliance by us and our personnel with the FCPA and other anti corruption laws or sanctions in jurisdictions in which we operate, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. 
 On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom UK held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit . The UK s withdrawal from the EU occurred on January 31, 2020, and the UK remained in the EU s customs union and single market until December 31, 2020 (the Transition Period ). The UK and the EU agreed a Trade and Cooperation Agreement on December 24, 2020 (the TCA ), which is intended to be operative from the end of the Transition Period. The TCA was ratified by the UK on December 30, 2020 and is expected to come into full force in February 2021 once relevant EU institutions have also ratified the TCA. Until then, the TCA governs the UK's relationship with the EU on an interim basis. While the TCA regulates a number of important areas, significant parts of the UK economy are not addressed in detail by the TCA, including in particular the services sector, which represents the largest component of the UK s economy. A number of issues, particularly in relation to the financial services sector, remain to be resolved through further bilateral negotiations, which are currently expected to begin in the early part of 2021. Although we do not currently expect Brexit to have a major impact on our business, the new relationship between the UK and the EU could in the short-term, and possibly for longer, cause disruptions to and create uncertainty in the UK and European economies and any negative impact to overall investor confidence or instability in the global macroeconomic environment could have an adverse economic impact on our results of operations. 
 Failure to properly address conflicts of interest could harm our reputation, business and results of operations. 
 As we have expanded the scope of our businesses and our client base, we must continue to address conflicts between our interests and those of our clients. In addition, the SEC and other regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts of interest. We have procedures and controls that are reasonably designed to address these issues. However, appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest, we could face reputational damage, litigation or regulatory proceedings or penalties, any of which may adversely affect our revenues or net income. 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Insurance may not be available on a cost-effective basis to protect us from liability. 
 We face the inherent risk of liability related to litigation from clients, third-party vendors or others and actions taken by regulatory agencies. To help protect against these potential liabilities, we purchase insurance in amounts, and against risks, that we consider appropriate, where such insurance is available at prices, we deem acceptable. There can be no assurance, however, that a claim or claims will be covered by insurance or, if covered, will not exceed the limits of available insurance coverage, that any insurer will remain solvent and will meet its obligations to provide us with coverage or that insurance coverage will continue to be available with sufficient limits at a reasonable cost. Insurance costs are impacted by market conditions and the risk profile of the insured and may increase significantly over relatively short periods. In addition, certain insurance coverage may not be available or may only be available at prohibitive costs. Renewals of insurance policies may expose us to additional costs through higher premiums or the assumption of higher deductibles or co-insurance liability. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 The Company leases its principal executive offices, which are located in San Antonio, TX. In the United States, the Company also leases office space in Brooklyn, OH; Birmingham, MI; Boston, MA; Rocky River, OH; Cincinnati, OH; Charlotte, NC; Denver, CO; Des Moines, IA; Hanover, NH; New York, NY; Norwalk, CT; and San Francisco, CA. Outside the United States, the Company leases office space in Singapore. The Company believes its existing facilities are adequate to meet its current and future business requirements. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, the Company may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. The Company is not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shar eholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Shares of the Company s Common Stock are listed and trade on NASDAQ under the symbol VCTR . As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 3,000 beneficial shareholders of the Company s Common Stock. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows a comparison from February 8, 2018 (the date our Common Stock commenced trading on NASDAQ) through December 31, 2022 of the cumulative total return of our Common Stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index (S P 500 Index) and a peer group comprised of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc., Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc., BrightSphere Investment Group plc, Eaton Vance Corp., and Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Eaton Vance Corp. was acquired and ceased to publicly trade on March 1, 2021. The graph assumes that 100 was invested at the market close on February 8, 2018 in our common stock, the S P 500 Index and the peer group and assumes reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance of the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers. 
 The following table sets out information regarding purchases of equity securities by the Company for the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

Total Number of Shares of Common Stock 

Average Price Paid Per Share of Common 

Total Number of Shares of Common Stock Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans 

Approximate Dollar Value That May Yet Be Purchased Under Outstanding Plans or Programs 

Period 
 
 Purchased (1) 

Stock 

or Programs 

(in millions) (2) 

October 1-31, 2022 

66.8 

November 1-30, 2022 

784,615 

30.52 

784,615 

42.9 

December 1-31, 2022 

557,392 

28.27 

497,392 

28.8 

Total 

1,342,007 

29.58 

1,282,007 

(1) Common Stock purchased in December 2022 includes 40,000 and 20,000 shares purchased on December 15, 2022 and December 16, 2022 in the open market by David Brown in multiple transactions at a weighted average cost per share of 27.01 and 26.90, respectively. 

(2) Six share repurchase programs were authorized from 2018 to 2021, each for 15.0 million of the Company s Common Stock, that were completed in September 2019, June 2020, October 2020, May 2021, January 2022 and May 2022. On May 5, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program authorizing the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of the Company s Common Stock. Under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program, which took effect in May 2022, the Company may purchase its shares from time to time until December 31, 2023 in privately negotiated transactions, through block trades, pursuant to open market purchases, or pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the SEC. The amount and timing of purchases under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program will depend on a number of factors including the price and availability of the Company s shares, trading volume, capital availability, Company performance and general economic and market conditions. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program can be suspended or discontinued at any time. In 2022, the Company repurchased 3.0 million shares of Common Stock at a total cost of 87.3 million for an average price of 28.76 per share. In 2021, 0.9 million shares of Common Stock were repurchased under programs authorized by the Company s Board of Directors at a total cost of 26.2 million for an average price of 29.53 per share, and in 2020, the Company repurchased 1.5 million shares of Common Stock at a total cost of 26.3 million for an average price of 17.57 per share. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 28.8 million was available for future repurchases under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program, and a cumulative total of 7.1 million shares of Common Stock had been repurchased under programs authorized by the Company s Board of Directors at a total cost of 161.3 million for an average price of 22.70 per share. 

Dividend Policy 
 In 2019, the Company announced the initiation of quarterly cash dividends and paid its first quarterly dividend in September of that year. During 2020, the Board authorized two increases in the quarterly cash dividend. In August 2020, the dividend was increased by 20 ; and, in November, the dividend was increased by 17 . Combined, the two increases resulted in the quarterly cash dividend growing by 40 , from 0.05 per share in the first quarter of 2020, to 0.07 per share in the fourth quarter of 2020. During 2021, the Board authorized four increases in the quarterly cash dividend. Combined, the four increases resulted in the quarterly cash dividend growing by approximately 143 , from 0.07 per share in the fourth quarter of 2020, to 0.17 per share in the fourth quarter of 2021. During 2022, the Board authorized a 0.25 per share quarterly cash dividend, an increase of 0.08, or 47 , from the 0.17 per share in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Holders of restricted stock awards on the Company s Common Stock that are unvested at the time quarterly dividends are declared are entitled to be paid these dividends as and when the restricted stock vests. Potential future dividend payments will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon then existing conditions, including capital requirements to execute our growth strategy, results of operations, financial condition, projected cash flow, and terms associated with our current credit facility or any future financing. Potential increases to the Company s cash dividend rate will be assessed annually. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 	Results of Operations . 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, Victory, or in the first-person notations of we, us, and our shall mean Victory Capital Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 Objective 
 The objective of this section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K is to provide a discussion and analysis, from management s perspective, of the key performance indicators and material information necessary to assess our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, we also discuss the Company s contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which could cause actual results to differ materially from management s expectations. Please refer to the sections of this report entitled Forward Looking Statements and Risk Factors. 
 Overview 
 Our Business Victory is a diversified global asset management firm with 153.0 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2022. The Company operates a next-generation business model combining boutique investment qualities with the benefits of an integrated, centralized operating and distribution platform. 
 The Company provides specialized investment strategies to institutions, intermediaries, retirement platforms and individual investors. With 12 autonomous Investment Franchises and a Solutions Platform, Victory offers a wide array of investment products, including actively and passively managed mutual funds, rules-based and active ETFs, institutional separate accounts, VIPs, ESG and impact investment strategies, alternative investments, private closed-end funds, and a 529 Education Savings Plan. Victory Capital s strategies are also offered through third-party investment products, including mutual funds, third-party ETF model strategies, retail SMAs and UMAs through wrap account programs, CITs, and UCITs. As of December 31, 2022, our Franchises and our Solutions Platform collectively managed a diversified set of 128 investment strategies for a wide range of institutional and retail clients and direct investors. 
 Franchises Our Franchises are largely operationally integrated but are separately branded and make investment decisions independently from one another within guidelines established by their respective investment mandates. Our largely integrated model creates a supportive environment in which our investment professionals, largely unencumbered by administrative and operational responsibilities, can focus on their pursuit of investment excellence. VCM employs all of our U.S. investment professionals across our Franchises, which are not separate legal entities. 
 Solutions Our Solutions Platform consists of multi-asset, multi-manager, quantitative, rules-based, factor-based, and customized portfolios. These strategies are designed to achieve specific return characteristics, with products that include values-based and thematic outcomes and exposures. We offer our Solutions Platform through a variety of vehicles, including separate accounts, mutual funds, UMA accounts, rules-based and active ETFs under our VictoryShares ETF brand. Like our Franchises, our Solutions Platform is operationally integrated and supported by our centralized distribution, marketing and operational support functions. 
 Professionals within our institutional and retail distribution channels, direct investor business and marketing organization sell our products through our centralized distribution model. Our institutional sales team focuses on cultivating relationships with institutional consultants, who account for the majority of the institutional market, as well as asset allocators seeking sub-advisers. Our retail sales team offers intermediary and retirement platform clients, including broker-dealers, retirement platforms and RIA networks, mutual funds and ETFs as well as SMAs through wrap fee programs and access to our investment models through UMAs. Our direct investor business serves the investment needs of clients including USAA members, the military community, and other individual clients. 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have grown our AUM from 17.9 billion following the management-led buyout with Crestview GP in August 2013 to 153.0 billion at December 31, 2022. We attribute this growth to our success in sourcing acquisitions and evolving them into organic growers, generating strong investment returns, and developing institutional, retail, and direct investor channels with deep penetration. 
 WestEnd Acquisition (the WestEnd Acquisition On December 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of 100 of the equity interests of WestEnd pursuant to the WestEnd purchase agreement (as amended, the WestEnd Purchase Agreement ), resulting in WestEnd becoming the Company s twelfth investment franchise. Founded in 2004, and headquartered in Charlotte, NC, WestEnd is an ETF strategist advisor that provides financial advisors with a turnkey, core model allocation strategy for either a holistic solution or complementary source of alpha. The firm offers four primary ETF strategies and one large cap core strategy, all in tax efficient SMA structures. At December 31, 2021, the WestEnd acquired assets totaled 19.3 billion. The WestEnd acquired assets had no economic impact on operations in 2021 and no effect on asset flows, average assets, revenues or earnings in the full-year period ended December 31, 2021. 
 The aggregate purchase price (the WestEnd Purchase Price for the WestEnd Acquisition was estimated at 716.1 million, net of cash acquired, which includes (i) 475.8 million in cash paid at closing (the WestEnd Closing net of cash acquired plus the acquisition date value of contingent payments due to sellers of 239.7 million plus 0.6 million paid in cash in April 2022 for net working capital adjustments. The contingent earn-out payments are based on net revenue of the WestEnd business during each of the first four years following the WestEnd Closing, subject to certain catch-up provisions over a five and one half year period following the WestEnd Closing. A maximum of 320.0 million 80.0 million per year) in earn-out payments may be paid. 
 The estimated fair value of contingent consideration payable to sellers was estimated at 202.7 million at December 31, 2022 as compared to 239.7 million at December 31, 2021 and is included in consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The decrease in the liability of 37.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was recorded in change in value of consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the WestEnd Acquisition. 
 NEC Acquisition (the NEC Acquisition On November 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of 100 of the equity interests in NEC, resulting in NEC becoming the Company s eleventh investment franchise. Founded in 2004 and based in Hanover, NH, NEC is an alternative asset management firm focused on debt and equity investments in clean energy infrastructure projects and companies. At November 1, 2021, the NEC AUM that was acquired totaled 795.0 million. 
 The estimated purchase price for the NEC Acquisition is 63.1 million, which includes 62.8 million in cash paid at closing, net of cash acquired, and 0.3 million paid in cash in March 2022 for net working capital adjustments. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company will pay up to an additional 35.0 million in cash based on net revenue growth over a six year period following the closing date. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the NEC Acquisition. 
 THB Acquisition (the THB Acquisition On March 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets of THB, resulting in THB becoming the Company s tenth investment franchise. The acquisition expanded and diversified our investment platform, adding capacity constrained asset classes. THB manages responsible investment portfolios in the micro-cap, small-cap and mid-cap assets classes, including U.S., global and international strategies. At March 1, 2021, the THB AUM that was acquired totaled 547 million. 
 Nominal consideration was paid for the assets of THB. The THB investment team shares in the revenue generated on their products and benefit from our centralized operational, marketing and distribution platforms. THB has significant room for AUM growth across its product set, which we think will significantly accelerate with our distribution support. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the THB Acquisition. 
 USAA AMCO Acquisition On July 1, 2019, the Company completed the acquisition (the USAA AMCO Acquisition of USAA Asset Management USAA Adviser and VCTA, formally known as the USAA Transfer Agency Company. The acquisition expanded and diversified the Company s investment platform and increased the Company s size and scale. The acquisition also provided the Company the rights to offer products and services using the USAA brand and the opportunity to offer its products to USAA members through a direct distribution channel. 
 A maximum of 150.0 million 37.5 million per year) in contingent payments is payable to sellers based on the annual revenue of USAA Adviser attributable to all non-managed money -related AUM in each of the first four 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 years following the closing date. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we paid 37.5 million in cash to sellers for the first annual contingent payment. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we paid 37.5 million in cash to sellers for the second annual contingent payment. On October 7, 2022, the Company paid 37.5 million in cash to sellers for the third annual earn out period for the USAA AMCO Acquisition. 
 The estimated fair value of contingent consideration payable to sellers was estimated at 27.7 million at December 31, 2022 as compared to 68.8 million at December 31, 2021 and is included in consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The decrease in the fair value of the liability of 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was recorded in change in value of consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the USAA AMCO Acquisition. 
 Alderwood - The Company owned a 15 equity interest in Alderwood Partners LLP Alderwood from September 20, 2020 through July 31, 2022, when the Company retired as a member of Alderwood. The Company analyzed its investment in Alderwood under the voting interest model and determined that it did not have a controlling financial interest. The Company accounted for its Alderwood investment using the equity method of accounting. Refer to Note 13, Equity Method Investment, for additional information on Alderwood. 
 Business Highlights in 2022 
 Assets under management : 
 AUM at December 31, 2022 decreased by 30.7 billion, or approximately 16.7 , to 153.0 billion from 183.7 billion at December 31, 2021, primarily driven by negative market action of 26.5 billion. Long-term gross inflows were 33.3 billion and 27.9 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Long-term net outflows were 2.5 billion and 4.0 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We generated 33.9 billion in gross flows and 2.7 billion in net outflows 2.5 billion long-term, 0.2 billion short-term) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 28.3 billion in gross flows and 4.5 billion in net outflows 4.0 billion long-term, 0.5 billion short-term) for the same period in 2021. 

Investment performance : 
 44 of our total Victory Capital mutual funds and ETFs had overall Morningstar ratings of four or five stars and 62 of our fund and ETF AUM were rated four or five stars overall by Morningstar. 54 of our strategies by AUM had investment returns in excess of their respective benchmarks over a one-year period, 84 over a three-year period, 79 over a five-year period and 79 over a ten-year period. On an equal-weighted basis, 59 of our strategies have outperformed their respective benchmarks over a one-year period, 70 over a three-year period, 63 over a five-year period and 67 over a ten-year period. 

2022 corporate ESG initiatives : 
 Promoted the career advancement of diverse employees through our participation in the McKinsey Connected Leaders Academy for Asian, Black, and Hispanic/Latino employees 

o 13 of our diverse employees are alumni of the program and we are enrolling more in 2023 

At year end, 32 of the employees at Victory are racially or ethnically diverse according to generally recognized definitions of diversity. This is up from 28 at the end of 2021. 

At year end, 68 of our employees held equity in our firm and collectively owned nearly 20 of the Company. 

Advanced our strategic alliance with Xavier University of Louisiana (XULA) a Historically Black College / University (HBCU) helping to create a robust college-to-career pipeline via scholarships, mentoring, funding, and seeding for a student-led XULA Investment Club. 

o XULA Scholarships: Awarded 14 gap-funding scholarships to Victory Scholars (business majors) for 2022-2023 academic year (12 scholarships were awarded in 2021-2022 for a total of 26). 

50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 o Campus Visit: Multiple employees met with XULA students, faculty, and administrators during Victory Capital s three-day visit to New Orleans during Q4. 

Supported four Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) for Asian-American, Black, Female, and Military employees. 

Our Women@Victory and Military ERGs at Victory Capital helped collect more than 400 donations in 2022 to celebrate the 75th anniversary of Toys for Tots. 

Held spring clothing donation drive for Women s Shelters. Our Women@Victory ERG collected donations from offices across the country. 

Created micro donation site at Red Cross to help employees make contributions for winter storm, hurricane, and wildfire relief efforts. 

Continue to use AI software to increase the appeal of our job postings with diverse candidates and ensuring inclusive communications. 

Conducted mandatory Inclusive Culture eLearning and hosted multiple annual D I sustained-learning activities. 

2022 investing ESG initiatives : 
 Further empowered our Investment Franchises and Solutions team with multiple sources of ESG investment data, research, and tools. 

Provided sustainable investing proxy research so our investment professionals are well equipped to make informed decisions regarding significant proxy votes. 

Launched publicly available Proxy Voting Disclosure System to enhance transparency of our proxy voting activities. 

Developed an ESG Council to help ensure consistency in ESG disclosures, processes, and marketing. 

The Company is a member of IRS Sustainability Alliance and the Ceres Investor Network for climate risk and sustainability. 

Financial highlights : 
 Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 854.8 million compared to 890.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net income was 275.5 million and 278.4 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Adjusted Net Income was 293.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 329.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Supplemental Non GAAP Financial Information for more information about how we calculate Adjusted Net Income and a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted Net Income. 

GAAP earnings per diluted share were 3.81 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.75 for the same period in 2021. Adjusted net income with tax benefit per diluted share was 4.58 and 4.82, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Supplemental Non GAAP Financial Information for more information about how we calculate Adjusted Net Income and a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted Net Income. 

Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin was 424.2 million and 49.6 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 449.0 million and 50.4 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Supplemental Non GAAP Financial Information for more information about how we calculate Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA. 

Returned a record high more than 200 million of capital to shareholders in 2022, through share repurchases and cash dividends, while reducing debt by 150 million and continuing to make growth investments. 

51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Other : 
 We were ranked 2nd in Barron s Best Fund Families for the one-year period ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company was ranked No. 55 on the Fortune 100 Fastest-Growing Companies list for 2022 and is one of only 24 companies to make the list for the second consecutive year. 

2022 Fortune Media IP Limited All rights reserved. Fortune is a registered trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited and is used under license. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. 
 
 The Fortune annual list ranks the top performing, publicly traded companies in revenues, profits and stock returns over the three-year period ended April 30, 2022. 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 The following table presents the key performance indicators we focus on when reviewing our results: 

Year Ended December 31, 

in millions, except for basis points and percentages) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

AUM at period end 

152,952 

183,654 

147,241 

Average AUM 

164,025 

158,590 

136,422 

Gross flows 

33,934 

28,254 

35,857 

Net short term flows 

(187) 

(528) 

(8,441) 

Net long term flows 

(2,545) 

(3,952) 

(10,911) 

Net flows 

(2,732) 

(4,480) 

(19,352) 

Total revenue 

854.8 

890.3 

775.4 

Revenue on average AUM 

52.1 
 
 bps 

56.1 
 
 bps 

56.8 
 
 bps 

Net income 

275.5 

278.4 

212.5 

Adjusted EBITDA (1) 

424.2 

449.0 

377.3 

Adjusted EBITDA margin (1)(2) 

49.6 

50.4 

48.7 

Adjusted Net Income (1) 

293.8 

329.0 

258.5 

Tax benefit of goodwill and acquired intangibles (3) 

37.5 

28.0 

27.0 

(1) Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income to measure the operating profitability of the business. These measures eliminate the impact of one time acquisition, restructuring and integration costs and demonstrate the ongoing operating earnings metrics of the business. These measures are explained in more detail and reconciled to net income calculated in accordance with GAAP in Supplemental Non GAAP Financial Information. 

(2) Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total revenue. 

(3) Represents the tax benefits associated with deductions allowed for intangible assets and goodwill generated from prior acquisitions in which we received a step up in basis for tax purposes. Acquired intangible assets and goodwill may be amortized for tax purposes, generally over a 15 year period. The tax benefit from amortization on these assets is included to show the full economic benefit of deductions for all acquired intangibles with a step up in tax basis. Due to our acquisitive nature, tax deductions allowed on acquired intangible assets and goodwill provide us with a significant supplemental economic benefit. 

Assets Under Management 
 Our profitability is largely affected by the level and composition of our AUM (including asset class and distribution channel) and the effective fee rates on our products. The amount and composition of our AUM are, and will continue to be, influenced by a number of factors, including; (i) investment performance, including fluctuations in the financial markets and the quality of our investment decisions; (ii) client flows into and out of our various strategies and investment vehicles; (iii) industry trends toward products or strategies that we either do or do not offer; (iv) our ability to attract and retain high quality investment, distribution, marketing and management personnel; (v) our decision to close strategies or limit growth of assets in a strategy when we believe it is in the best interest of our clients or conversely to re open strategies in part or entirely; and (vi) general investor sentiment and confidence. Our goal is to establish and maintain a client base that is diversified by Franchise and Solutions, asset class, distribution channel and vehicle. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Valuation of Assets Under Management 
 The fair value of assets under management of the Victory Funds, USAA Funds and VictoryShares is primarily determined using quoted market prices or independent third-party pricing services or broker price quotes. In certain circumstances, a quotation or price evaluation is not readily available from a pricing service. In these cases, pricing is determined by management based on a prescribed valuation process that has been approved by the directors/trustees of the sponsored products. The same prescribed valuation process is used to price securities in separate accounts and the Company s other non-alternative investment vehicles for which a quotation or price evaluation is not readily available from a pricing service. 
 For certain alternative investment vehicles, including the NEC funds, AUM represents limited partner capital commitments during the commitment period of the fund. Following the earlier of the termination of the commitment period and the beginning of any commitment period for a successor fund, AUM generally represents, depending on the fund, the lesser of a) the net asset value of the fund and b) the aggregated adjusted cost basis of each unrealized portfolio investment or the limited partner capital commitments reduced by the amount of capital contributions used to make portfolio investments that have been disposed. The fair value of Level III assets held by alternative investment vehicles is determined under the respective valuation policy for each fund. The valuation policies address the fact that substantially all the investments of a fund may not have readily available market information and therefore the fair value for these assets is typically determined using unobservable inputs and models that may include subjective assumptions. AUM reported by the Company for alternative investment vehicles may not necessarily equal the funds net asset values or the total fair value of the funds portfolio investments as AUM represents the basis for calculating management fees. For the periods presented, less than one percent of the Company s total AUM were Level III assets priced without using a quoted market price, broker price quote or pricing service quotation. 
 
 AUM by Asset Class the following table presents our AUM by asset class as of the dates indicated: 

As of December 31, 

(in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021(1)(3) 

2020(3) 

2019(2)(3) 

2018(3) 

Fixed Income 

26,353 

35,154 

36,639 

38,011 

6,872 

Solutions 

51,507 

60,364 

33,676 

31,616 

3,761 

U.S. Mid Cap Equity 

27,892 

30,578 

26,230 

26,347 

20,297 

U.S. Small Cap Equity 

15,103 

20,094 

18,368 

17,346 

12,948 

U.S. Large Cap Equity 

10,973 

15,766 

14,230 

14,091 

3,759 

Global / Non-U.S. Equity 

14,160 

16,050 

14,141 

12,754 

5,080 

Alternative Investments 

3,663 

2,548 

422 

81 

46 

Total Long-Term Assets 

149,649 

180,554 

143,707 

140,245 

52,763 

Money Market / Short-Term Assets 

3,302 

3,100 

3,534 

11,587 

Total 

152,952 

183,654 

147,241 

151,832 

52,763 

(1) Includes the impact of acquired assets from the THB, NEC and WestEnd Acquisitions, which closed on March 1, 2021, November 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and increased our AUM by approximately 547 million, 795 million and 19.3 billion, at closing, respectively. The WestEnd acquired assets had no economic impact on operations in 2021 and no effect on asset flows, average assets, revenues or earnings in the full-year period ended December 31, 2021. 

(2) Includes the impact of the USAA AMCO Acquisition, which closed on July 1, 2019, increasing our AUM by 81.1 billion inclusive of managed portfolio assets invested through USAA s brokerage business. We did not acquire the USAA brokerage business. 

(3) Beginning in January 2022, the Company's Other asset class has been categorized to Solutions, Fixed Income, Global / Non-U.S. Equity, or Alternative Investments based on the underlying investment strategy. Additionally, all assets managed using alternative investment strategies are now included in the Company's Alternative Investments asset class. Prior-period figures have been adjusted accordingly. 

53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Asset Flows by Asset Class the following table summarizes our asset flows by asset class for the periods indicated: 

U.S. 

U.S. 

U.S. Mid 

Small 

Large 

Global / 

Money 

Cap 

Cap 

Fixed 

Cap 

Non-U.S. 

Alternative 

Total 

Market / 

(in millions) 
 
 Equity 

Equity 

Income 

Equity 

Equity 

Solutions 

Investments 

Long-term 

Short-term 

Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Beginning AUM 

30,578 

20,094 

35,154 

15,766 

16,050 

60,364 

2,548 

180,554 

3,100 

183,654 

Gross client cash inflows 

6,859 

3,162 

5,524 

406 

4,149 

8,169 

5,045 

33,313 

621 

33,934 

Gross client cash outflows 

(6,919) 

(5,214) 

(9,545) 

(1,498) 

(3,111) 

(6,247) 

(3,324) 

(35,858) 

(807) 

(36,666) 

Net client cash flows 

(60) 

(2,053) 

(4,020) 

(1,093) 

1,038 

1,921 

1,721 

(2,545) 

(187) 

(2,732) 

Market appreciation / (depreciation) 

(2,641) 

(2,965) 

(3,345) 

(3,328) 

(3,153) 

(10,887) 

(215) 

(26,533) 

39 

(26,495) 

Realizations and distributions 

(376) 

(376) 

(376) 

Acquired assets / Net transfers 

14 

27 

(1,436) 

(372) 

226 

107 

(16) 

(1,450) 

350 

(1,100) 

Ending AUM 

27,892 

15,103 

26,353 

10,973 

14,160 

51,507 

3,663 

149,649 

3,302 

152,952 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 (1) 

Beginning AUM 

26,230 

18,368 

36,639 

14,230 

14,141 

33,676 

422 

143,706 

3,534 

147,241 

Gross client cash inflows 

5,935 

4,562 

6,756 

364 

2,822 

6,217 

1,213 

27,869 

386 

28,254 

Gross client cash outflows 

(7,742) 

(5,644) 

(9,000) 

(1,565) 

(2,362) 

(5,305) 

(201) 

(31,820) 

(914) 

(32,734) 

Net client cash flows 

(1,807) 

(1,082) 

(2,244) 

(1,202) 

460 

912 

1,012 

(3,952) 

(528) 

(4,480) 

Market appreciation / (depreciation) 

6,169 

2,685 

649 

2,766 

1,662 

6,611 

30 

20,573 

10 

20,583 

Realizations and distributions 

Acquired assets / Net transfers 

(14) 

122 

110 

(28) 

(214) 

19,165 

1,084 

20,226 

84 

20,310 

Ending AUM 

30,578 

20,094 

35,154 

15,766 

16,050 

60,364 

2,548 

180,554 

3,100 

183,654 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 (1) 

Beginning AUM 

26,347 

17,346 

38,010 

14,091 

12,754 

31,616 

81 

140,245 

11,587 

151,832 

Gross client cash inflows 

4,144 

4,458 

6,512 

695 

2,495 

4,517 

380 

23,201 

12,656 

35,857 

Gross client cash outflows 

(7,605) 

(5,201) 

(9,151) 

(2,631) 

(2,551) 

(6,931) 

(44) 

(34,112) 

(21,097) 

(55,209) 

Net client cash flows 

(3,460) 

(742) 

(2,639) 

(1,936) 

(56) 

(2,413) 

336 

(10,911) 

(8,441) 

(19,352) 

Market appreciation / (depreciation) 

3,436 

1,959 

1,507 

1,935 

1,433 

4,460 

5 

14,736 

58 

14,794 

Realizations and distributions 

Acquired assets / Net transfers 

(93) 

(195) 

(240) 

139 

10 

14 

1 

(364) 

331 

(33) 

Ending AUM 

26,230 

18,368 

36,639 

14,230 

14,141 

33,676 

422 

143,706 

3,534 

147,241 

(1) Beginning in January 2022, the Company's Other asset class has been categorized to Solutions, Fixed Income, Global / Non-U.S. Equity, or Alternative Investments based on the underlying investment strategy. Additionally, all assets managed using alternative investment strategeies are now included in the Company's Alternative Investments asset class. Prior-period figures have been adjusted accordingly. 

AUM by Distribution Channel the following table presents our AUM by distribution channel as of the dates indicated: 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in millions) 
 
 Amount 

of total 

Amount 

of total 

Amount 

of total 

Direct 

52,551 

34 

68,817 

37 

68,749 

46 

Institutional 

44,510 

29 

49,697 

27 

40,840 

28 

Retail 

55,891 

37 

65,140 

36 

37,651 

26 

Total AUM (1) 

152,952 

100 

183,654 

100 

147,241 

100 

(1) The allocation of AUM by distribution channel involves the use of estimates and the exercise of judgment. 

54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Assets Flows by Vehicle the following table summarizes our asset flows by vehicle for the periods indicated: 

Separate Accounts 

and Other 

(in millions) 
 
 Mutual Funds(1) 

ETFs(2) 

Vehicles(3) 

Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Beginning AUM 

124,142 

4,871 

54,641 

183,654 

Gross client cash inflows 

21,198 

2,043 

10,692 

33,934 

Gross client cash outflows 

(27,703) 

(572) 

(8,391) 

(36,666) 

Net client cash flows 

(6,505) 

1,472 

2,302 

(2,732) 

Market appreciation / (depreciation) 

(17,092) 

(724) 

(8,679) 

(26,495) 

Realization and distributions 

(376) 

(376) 

Acquired assets / Net transfers 

(1,098) 

9 

(11) 

(1,100) 

Ending AUM 

99,447 

5,627 

47,877 

152,952 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Beginning AUM 

112,998 

3,976 

30,267 

147,241 

Gross client cash inflows 

19,070 

849 

8,335 

28,254 

Gross client cash outflows 

(23,345) 

(375) 

(9,014) 

(32,734) 

Net client cash flows 

(4,275) 

474 

(678) 

(4,480) 

Market appreciation / (depreciation) 

15,638 

828 

4,117 

20,583 

Realization and distributions 

Acquired assets / Net transfers (4) 

(219) 

(407) 

20,936 

20,310 

Ending AUM 

124,142 

4,871 

54,641 

183,654 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Beginning AUM 

118,605 

4,213 

29,014 

151,832 

Gross client cash inflows 

31,172 

492 

4,192 

35,857 

Gross client cash outflows 

(48,398) 

(913) 

(5,898) 

(55,209) 

Net client cash flows 

(17,226) 

(420) 

(1,705) 

(19,352) 

Market appreciation / (depreciation) 

11,746 

183 

2,864 

14,794 

Realization and distributions 

Acquired assets / Net transfers 

(127) 

94 

(33) 

Ending AUM 

112,998 

3,976 

30,267 

147,241 

(1) Includes institutional and retail share classes, money market and Variable Insurance Products or VIP funds. 

(2) Represents only ETF assets held by third parties. Excludes ETF assets held by other Victory Capital products. 

(3) Includes collective trust funds, wrap program accounts, UMAs, UCITs, private funds and non-U.S. domiciled pooled vehicles. 

(4) The year ended December 31, 2021 includes acquired assets of 547 million, 795 million and 19.3 billion associated with the THB, NEC and WestEnd acquisitions, which closed on March 1, 2021, November 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The WestEnd acquired assets had no economic impact on operations in 2021 and no effect on asset flows, average assets, revenues or earnings in the full-year period ended December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 2022 AUM Our total AUM at December 31, 2022 decreased by 30.7 billion, or 16.7 , to 153.0 billion from 183.7 billion at December 31, 2021, primarily driven by negative market movement and net outflows of 26.5 billion and 2.7 billion, respectively. 
 Net outflows were driven by 4.0 billion in fixed income strategies, 2.1 billion our U.S. small cap equity strategies, 1.1 billion in our U.S. large cap equity strategies, and 0.2 billion in money market and short-term strategies, partially offset by 1.9 billion in net inflows into our Solutions Platform, 1.7 billion into our alternative investment strategies, and 1.0 billion into our global/non-U.S. equity strategies. 
 December 31, 2021 AUM Our total AUM at December 31, 2021 increased by 36.4 billion, or 24.7 , to 183.7 billion from 147.2 billion at December 31, 2020, primarily driven by the combination of net acquired assets and positive market movement of 20.3 billion and 20.6 billion, respectively, partially offset by net outflows of 4.5 billion. 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The net outflows were driven by 2.2 billion in fixed income strategies, 1.8 billion our U.S. mid cap equity strategies, 1.2 billion in our U.S. large cap equity strategies, 1.1 billion in our U.S. small cap equity strategies and 0.5 billion in money market and short-term strategies, partially offset by 1.9 billion in net inflows into our Solutions Platform and 0.5 billion into our global/non-U.S. equity strategies. 
 December 31, 2020 AUM Our total AUM at December 31, 2020 was 147.2 billion, a decrease of 4.6 billion, or 3.0 , compared to 151.8 billion at December 31, 2019. The decrease in AUM during 2020 was due to net outflows of 19.4 billion partially offset by 14.8 billion in positive market movement. Short-term money market assets accounted for 3.5 billion, or 2.4 of the total AUM at December 31, 2020. 
 The net outflows were driven by 8.4 billion in money market and short-term strategies, 3.5 billion in our U.S. mid cap equity strategies, 2.6 billion in our fixed income strategies, 2.1 billion in our Solutions Platform, 1.9 billion in our U.S. large cap equity strategies and 0.7 billion in our U.S. small cap equity strategies. 
 GAAP Results of Operations 
 Our GAAP revenues principally consist of: (i) investment management fees, which are based on our overall weighted average fee rate charged to our clients and our level of AUM and (ii) fund administration and distribution fees, which are asset based fees earned from open end mutual funds for administration and distribution services. Fund administration and fund distribution fees also include fund transfer agent fees (related to the USAA Funds), which are based on a contractual rate applied to average AUM or the number of accounts in these funds. 
 The Company has contractual arrangements with third parties to provide certain advisory, administration, transfer agent and distribution services. Management considers whether we are acting as the principal service provider or as an agent to determine whether revenue should be recorded based on the gross amount payable by the customer or net of payments to third-party service providers, respectively. Victory is considered a principal service provider if we control the service that is transferred to the customer. We are considered an agent when we arrange for the service to be provided by another party and do not control the service. 
 Investment Management Fees Investment management fees are earned from managing clients assets. Our investment management fee revenue fluctuates based on a number of factors, including the total value of our AUM, the composition of AUM across investment strategies and vehicles, changes in the investment management fee rates on our products and the extent to which we enter into fee arrangements that differ from our standard fee schedule as well as the extent to which our fund expenses exceed fund caps. Investment management fees are earned based on a percentage of AUM as delineated in the respective investment management agreements. Our investment management fees are calculated based on daily average AUM, monthly average AUM or point in time AUM. 
 Fund Administration and Distribution Fees Fund administration fees are primarily asset based fees earned from open end funds for administration services. Fund administration fees fluctuate based on the level of average open end fund AUM and the fee rates charged for these services. 
 Fund distribution fees are asset based fees earned from open end funds for distribution services. Fund distribution fees fluctuate based on the level of average open end fund AUM and the composition of those assets across share classes that pay varying levels of fund distribution fees. 
 The Company has contractual arrangements with a third party to provide certain sub-administration services. We are the primary obligor under the contracts with the Victory Funds, USAA Funds and VictoryShares and have the ability to select the service provider and establish pricing. As a result, fund administration fees and sub-administration expenses are recorded on a gross basis. VCS has contractual arrangements with third parties to provide certain distribution services. VCS is the primary obligor under the contracts with the Victory Funds and USAA Funds and has the ability to select the service provider and establish pricing. Substantially all of VCS s revenue is recorded gross of payments made to third parties. 
 Fund transfer agent fees are earned for providing mutual fund shareholder services. Transfer agent fees fluctuate based on the level of average AUM and the number of accounts in the USAA Funds. 
 The Company has contractual arrangements with a third party to provide certain sub-transfer agent services. We are the primary obligor under the transfer agency contracts with the USAA Funds and have the ability to select the service provider and establish pricing. As a result, fund transfer agent fees and sub-transfer agent expenses are recorded on a gross basis. 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 GAAP Expenses 
 Our GAAP expenses principally consist of: (i) personnel compensation and benefits; (ii) distribution and other asset based expenses; (iii) general and administrative expenses; (iv) depreciation and amortization charges; and (v) acquisition related expenses comprising of changes in the fair value of contingent acquisition payments and restructuring and acquisition costs. 
 Personnel Compensation and Benefits Personnel compensation and benefits is our most significant category of expense. Personnel compensation and benefits consists of (i) salaries, payroll related taxes and employee benefits, (ii) incentive compensation, (iii) sales based compensation, (iv) compensation expense related to equity awards granted to employees and directors and (v) acquisition related compensation in the form of cash retention bonuses and certain transaction-related compensatory payment arrangements. 
 Incentive compensation is the largest component of the total compensation of our employees. The aggregate amount of cash incentive compensation is funded by a pool that is based on a percentage of total Company earnings (before taking into account incentive compensation). This incentive pool is used to pay the investment teams a percentage of the revenue earned by their respective Franchise on a quarterly basis. This incentive pool is also used to pay incentive compensation to senior management and other non investment employees on an annual basis. Incentive compensation paid to senior management and to other non investment employees is discretionary and subjectively determined based on Company and individual performance and the total amount of the incentive compensation pool. 
 Distribution and Other Asset based Expenses Distribution and other asset based expenses consists of: (i) broker dealer distribution fees and platform distribution fees and (ii) sub administration, sub-transfer agent, sub advisory expenses and middle office expenses. 
 Broker dealer distribution fees are paid by VCS as the broker dealer for the Victory Funds and USAA Funds to third party distributors. The Victory Funds and USAA Funds pay VCS for distribution services and VCS, in turn, pays third party distributors. 
 Platform distribution fees are paid by VCM as the investment adviser to the Victory Funds and USAA Funds. Platform distribution fees are paid to financial advisors, retirement plan providers and intermediaries for servicing and administering accounts invested in shares of the Victory Funds and USAA Funds. Distribution fees typically vary based on the level of AUM and the composition of those assets across share classes. 
 Sub administration, sub-transfer agent, sub advisory and middle office expenses consist of fees paid to our sub administrators of the Victory Funds, VictoryShares and USAA Funds, fees paid to our sub-transfer agent for the USAA Funds, fees paid to sub advisers on certain Victory Funds and USAA Funds and fees paid to vendors to which we outsource middle office functions. 
 VCM acts as the administrator to the Victory Funds, VictoryShares and USAA Funds. VCM has hired a sub administrator, the fees for which are captured in sub administration expense. As administrator, VCM supervises the operations of the Victory Funds, VictoryShares and USAA Funds, including the services provided by the sub administrators. The sub administrators are paid through a contractual arrangement based on a percentage of the average fund AUM. 

VCTA acts as the transfer agent to the USAA Funds. VCTA has hired a sub-transfer agent, the fees for which are captured in sub-administration expense. As transfer agent, VCTA oversees the services provided by the sub-transfer agent. The sub-transfer agent is paid through a contractual arrangement based on a percentage of average fund AUM. 

VCM, as the investment adviser for the Victory Funds and USAA Funds, has hired unaffiliated sub advisers to manage funds for which we do not have in house capabilities. The fees paid to the sub advisers are contractual based on a percentage of assets that they manage or based upon a percentage of revenue. 

We have outsourced middle office operations to achieve a scalable operational infrastructure that utilizes a variable cost model. We have selected to partner with top tier vendors who perform trade operations, portfolio accounting and performance measurement with oversight from our operations team. The fees paid to these vendors are variable and structured based on the number of accounts, assets and specific services performed. 

57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses primarily consist of investment research and technology costs, professional and marketing fees, travel, rent and insurance expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization expense consists primarily of the depreciation of property and equipment as well as the amortization of acquired intangibles that have a definite life. These intangibles include customer relationships, investment advisory contracts, intellectual property and non compete clauses acquired in connection with a business or asset acquisition. Both depreciation and amortization are recorded ratably over the assets useful lives. 
 Acquisition Related Costs Acquisition related costs include legal fees, advisory services, mutual fund proxy voting costs and other one time expenses related to acquisitions. 
 Restructuring and Integration Costs Restructuring and integration costs include costs incurred in connection with business combinations, including the increase in the fair value of contingent acquisition payments, asset purchases and changes in business strategy. These include severance expenses related to one time benefit arrangements, contract termination and other costs to integrate investment platforms, products and personnel into existing systems, processes and service provider arrangements and restructuring the business to capture operating expense synergies. 
 Other non operating items of income and expense consist of: (i) interest income and other income (expense); (ii) interest expense and other financing costs; (iii) loss on debt extinguishment; and (iv) income tax expense. 
 Interest Income and Other Income (Expense) Interest income and other income (expense) consists primarily of interest income, gains (losses) on investments and dividend income on investments. 
 Interest Expense and Other Financing Costs Interest expense and other financing costs consists primarily of interest expense attributable to long term debt. Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources for more information. 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment Loss on debt extinguishment consists of the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and unamortized debt discount as a result of debt refinancing, the acceleration of the paydown of debt principal and debt repurchased and retired in open market transactions. 
 Income Tax Expense The provision for income taxes includes U.S. federal, state and local taxes, and foreign income taxes payable by certain of our subsidiaries. The effective tax rate is primarily driven by state and local taxes and excess tax benefits on share-based compensation. The portion of the effective income tax rate attributable to state and local income taxes varies from year to year depending on amounts of income apportioned to each jurisdiction, whether we file income tax returns on a unitary or separate return basis and with changes in tax laws. 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table presents our GAAP results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands except per share data). 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Investment management fees 

664,710 

674,539 

562,036 

Fund administration and distribution fees 

190,090 

215,726 

213,315 

Total revenue 

854,800 

890,265 

775,351 

Expenses 

Personnel compensation and benefits 

238,198 

234,833 

197,158 

Distribution and other asset-based expenses 

161,105 

176,385 

175,687 

General and administrative 

52,373 

53,722 

51,218 

Depreciation and amortization 

43,201 

18,840 

16,381 

Change in value of consideration payable for acquisition of business 

(40,600) 

13,800 

11,300 

Acquisition-related costs 

534 

16,262 

1,108 

Restructuring and integration costs 

881 

2,578 

7,786 

Total operating expenses 

455,692 

516,420 

460,638 

Income from operations 

399,108 

373,845 

314,713 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income and other income (expense) 

(2,463) 

6,045 

3,703 

Interest expense and other financing costs 

(43,964) 

(24,652) 

(37,005) 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

(2,648) 

(4,596) 

(2,871) 

Total other income (expense), net 

(49,075) 

(23,203) 

(36,173) 

Income before income taxes 

350,033 

350,642 

278,540 

Income tax expense 

(74,522) 

(72,253) 

(66,018) 

Net income 

275,511 

278,389 

212,522 

Earnings per share of common stock 

Basic 

4.02 

4.10 

3.14 

Diluted 

3.81 

3.75 

2.88 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

68,481 

67,976 

67,710 

Diluted 

72,266 

74,151 

73,719 

Dividends declared per share of common stock 

1.00 

0.53 

0.23 

59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Investment Management Fees 
 2022 compared to 2021 Investment management fees decreased 9.8 million, or 1.5 , to 664.7 million in 2022 from 674.5 million in 2021 due to decrease in revenue realization due to a shift in asset class and product mix, partially offset by an increase in average AUM. Average AUM was 164.0 billion in 2022 compared to 158.6 billion in 2021. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Investment management fees increased 112.5 million, or 20.0 , to 674.5 million in 2021 from 562.0 million in 2020 due to an increase in average AUM year over year, partially offset by a decrease in revenue realization due to a shift in asset class and product mix. Average AUM was 158.6 billion in 2021 compared to 136.4 billion in 2020, mostly attributable to market appreciation. 
 Fund Administration and Distribution Fees 
 2022 compared to 2021 Fund administration and distribution fees decreased 25.6 million, or 11.9 , to 190.1 million in 2022 compared to 215.7 million in 2021. The decrease is due primarily to lower mutual fund average net assets. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Fund administration and distribution fees were relatively flat, increasing 2.4 million, or 1.1 to 215.7 million in 2021 compared to 213.3 million in 2020. The increase is due to an increase in fund administration fees, partially offset by a decrease in transfer agent fees and a shift in the mix of assets to lower 12b-1 paying share classes. 
 Personnel Compensation and Benefits 
 The following table presents the components of GAAP compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Salaries, payroll related taxes and employee benefits 

87,819 

87,101 

76,304 

Incentive compensation 

94,511 

108,952 

87,412 

Sales-based compensation (1) 

27,589 

19,249 

14,158 

Equity awards granted to employees and directors (2) 

17,816 

17,625 

18,096 

Acquisition and transaction-related compensation 

10,463 

1,906 

1,188 

Total personnel compensation and benefits expense 

238,198 

234,833 

197,158 

(1) Represents sales based commissions paid to our distribution teams. Sales based compensation varies based on gross and net client cash flows and revenue earned on sales. 

(2) Share-based compensation typically vests over several years based on service and the achievement of specific business and financial targets. The value of share-based compensation is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. 

2022 compared to 2021 Personnel compensation and benefits were 238.2 million in 2022, an increase of 3.4 million, or 1.4 , from 234.8 million in 2021 primarily due to an increase in variable costs such as sales-based compensation. Also contributing was an increase in headcount and acquisition and transaction-related compensation as a result of the WestEnd and NEC acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 2021. Partially offsetting the increase was a decrease in incentive compensation as a result of a decline in operating results. Salaries, payroll related taxes and employee benefits were 87.8 million and 87.1 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Incentive compensation and equity awards granted to employees and directors were 94.5 million and 17.8 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 109.0 million and 17.6 million, respectively, for the same period in 2021. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Personnel compensation and benefits were 234.8 million in 2021, an increase of 37.7 million, or 19.1 , from 197.2 million in 2020 primarily attributable to an increase in salaries, payroll related taxes and employee benefits, incentive compensation and sales-based compensation due to an increase in headcount and an increase in operating results, resulting in an increase in variable costs such as the incentive compensation pool for employees, sales commissions, and third-party distribution costs. Salaries, payroll related taxes and employee benefits were 87.1 million and 76.3 million, respectively, for the years 
 60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Incentive compensation and equity awards granted to employees and directors were 109.0 million and 17.6 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 87.4 million and 18.1 million, respectively, for the same period in 2020. 
 Distribution and Other Asset based Expenses 
 The following table presents the components of distribution and other asset based expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Broker-dealer distribution fees 

22,703 

26,008 

22,936 

Platform distribution fees 

98,155 

108,245 

115,614 

Sub-administration 

16,261 

17,129 

15,144 

Sub-advisory 

13,573 

14,124 

12,174 

Middle-office 

10,413 

10,879 

9,820 

Total distribution and other asset-based expenses 

161,105 

176,385 

175,688 

2022 compared to 2021 Distribution and other asset based expenses are primarily based on AUM. Distribution and other asset-based expenses decreased 15.3 million, or 8.7 , to 161.1 million in 2022 compared to 176.4 million in 2021, primarily due to a change in vehicle mix and our underlying distribution platforms. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Distribution and other asset based expenses are primarily based on AUM. Distribution and other asset-based expenses were relatively flat, increasing 0.7 million, or 0.4 , to 176.4 million in 2021 compared to 175.7 million in 2020, primarily due to an increase in broker dealer distribution fees as a result of higher average AUM over the comparable period offset by a change in asset mix of our underlying retail distribution platforms. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 2022 compared to 2021 General and administrative expenses were 52.4 million in 2022 compared to 53.7 million in 2021. The decrease of 1.3 million, or 2.5 , was primarily due to decreases in technology and professional fees. 
 2021 compared to 2020 General and administrative expenses were 53.7 million in 2021 compared to 51.2 million in 2020. The increase of 2.5 million, or 4.9 , was primarily due to increases in technology and professional fees partially offset by a reduction in transition service agreement costs related to the USAA AMCO Acquisition, which ended in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 2022 compared to 2021 Depreciation and amortization increased by 24.4 million, 129.3 , to 43.2 million in 2022, from 18.8 million in 2021, primarily due to the increase in amortization expense related to definite lived intangible assets in connection with the WestEnd and NEC acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Depreciation and amortization increased by 2.5 million, 15.0 , to 18.8 million in 2021, from 16.4 million in 2020, due to the addition of depreciation expense related to the launch of the Company s direct investor digital platform, which went live in November 2020. 
 Change in Value of Consideration Payable for Acquisition of Business 
 2022 compared to 2021 - The change in value of consideration payable for acquisition of business decreased 54.4 million as a result of decreases of 3.6 million and 37.0 million in the fair value of the contingent consideration associated with the USAA AMCO and WestEnd Acquisitions, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an increase of 13.8 million associated with the USAA AMCO Acquisition for 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the fair value of contingent consideration payable. 
 2021 compared to 2020 - The change in value of consideration payable for acquisition of business increased 2.5 million as a result of an increase in the fair value of the contingent consideration associated with the USAA AMCO acquisition of 13.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to an increase of 11.3 million in the prior year. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the fair value of contingent consideration payable. 
 Acquisition Related Costs 
 2022 compared to 2021 Acquisition-related costs decreased 15.7 million to 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 16.3 million in the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to the NEC and WestEnd acquisitions which closed on November 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The 2021 acquisition-related expenses include various transaction costs such as legal and filing fees and other professional fees as well as an estimated liability for potential one-time payments related to a prior acquisition. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Acquisition-related costs increased 15.2 million to 16.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1.1 million in the prior year. The increase is primarily due to the NEC and WestEnd acquisitions which closed on November 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The 2021 acquisition-related expenses include various transaction costs such as legal and filing fees and other professional fees as well as an estimated liability for potential one-time payments related to a prior acquisition. 
 Restructuring and Integration Costs 
 2022 compared to 2021 Restructuring and integration costs decreased 1.7 million to 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.6 million in the prior year. The decrease is due to personnel restructuring within the direct to investor business. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Restructuring and integration costs decreased 5.2 million, or 66.9 , to 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 7.8 million in the prior year. The decrease is due to higher integration and conversion costs associated with the USAA AMCO Acquisition recorded in 2020 compared to personnel restructuring costs within the direct investor business recorded in 2021. 
 Interest Income and Other Income (Expense) 
 2022 compared to 2021 Interest income and other income (expense) was expense of 2.5 million in 2022 compared to income of 6.0 million in 2021. The decrease was due to decrease in the net unrealized fair value of deferred compensation plan investments in 2022 compared to an increase in dividend income and unrealized gains on deferred compensation plan investments in 2021. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Interest income and other income (expense) was income of 6.0 million in 2021, compared to income of 3.7 million in 2020. The increase was due to an increase in dividend income and unrealized gains on deferred compensation plan investments over the comparable period. 
 Interest Expense and Other Financing Costs 
 2022 compared to 2021 Interest expense and other financing costs increased 19.3 million to 44.0 million in 2022 from 24.7 million in 2021. The expense increase is primarily due to an increase in interest expense as a result of a higher debt principal balance resulting from our incremental borrowing in December 2021 to fund the WestEnd Acquisition. Also contributing was a higher average interest rate over the comparable period. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Interest expense and other financing costs decreased by 12.4 million, or 33.4 , to 24.7 million in 2021, from 37.0 million in 2020. The expense decrease is primarily due to a decrease in interest expense as a result of a lower debt principal balance and a lower average interest rate over the comparable period. 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 2022 compared to 2021 Loss on debt extinguishment decreased by 1.9 million to 2.6 million in 2022 compared to 4.6 million in the prior year. The decrease is due to expenses incurred in 2021 related to entering into the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Loss on debt extinguishment increased by 1.7 million, or 60.1 , to 4.6 million in 2021 compared to 2.9 million in the prior year. The increase is largely due to repayments of term loan principal and entering into the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement in February 2021. Also contributing, but to a lesser extent, were unamortized debt issuance and unamortized debt discount expenses which were partially offset by gains recognized on repurchases and retirement of outstanding debt below par in the open market in 2020. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 2022 compared to 2021 Our effective tax rate increased 0.7 from 20.6 in 2021 to 21.3 in 2022. The change in the effective tax rate was primarily due to increased non-deductible expenses. Refer to Note 10, Income Taxes, to the audited financial statements for further details on income taxes. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Our effective tax rate decreased 3.1 from 23.7 in 2020 to 20.6 in 2021. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to higher excess tax benefits on share-based compensation. Refer to Note 10, Income Taxes, to the audited financial statements for further details on income taxes. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 Inflation did not have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations. Inflationary pressures can result in increases to our cost structure. Certain large expense components such as compensation and distribution expenses are predominately variable and move in tandem with revenues. To the degree that these expense increases are not recoverable or cannot be counterbalanced through price increases due to the competitive environment, our profitability could be negatively impacted. In addition, the value of the fixed income assets that we manage may be negatively impacted when inflationary expectations result in a rising interest rate environment. Declines in the values of AUM could lead to reduced revenues as investment management fees are generally earned as a percentage of AUM. 
 Supplemental Non GAAP Financial Information 
 We report our financial results in accordance with GAAP. Our management uses non GAAP performance measures to evaluate the underlying operations of our business. Non GAAP financial measures are used to supplement GAAP results to provide a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business than GAAP results alone. Due to our acquisitive nature, there are a number of acquisition and restructuring related expenses included in GAAP measures that we believe distort the underlying economics of our organization and we believe that many investors use this information when assessing the financial performance of companies in the investment management industry. We have included these non GAAP measures to provide investors with the same financial metrics used by management to assess the operating performance of our Company. 
 Non GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our non GAAP measures may differ from similar measures at other companies, even if similar terms are used to identify these measures. Specifically, we make use of the non GAAP financial measures Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income. 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation from GAAP financial measures to non GAAP measures for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures: 

Net income (GAAP) 

275,511 

278,389 

212,522 

Income tax expense 

(74,522) 

(72,253) 

(66,018) 

Income before income taxes 

350,033 

350,642 

278,540 

Interest expense (1) 

41,024 

24,285 

33,724 

Depreciation (2) 

8,045 

6,209 

3,551 

Other business taxes (3) 

2,118 

1,657 

(2,556) 

Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets (4) 

35,160 

12,631 

12,830 

Share-based compensation (5) 

10,143 

13,110 

15,020 

Acquisition, restructuring and exit costs (6) 

(28,722) 

34,546 

29,463 

Debt issuance costs (7) 

5,620 

5,589 

6,546 

Losses from equity method investments (8) 

825 

331 

193 

Adjusted EBITDA 

424,246 

449,000 

377,311 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures: 

Net income (GAAP) 

275,511 

278,389 

212,522 

Adjustments to reflect the operating performance of the Company: 

i. Other business taxes (3) 

2,118 

1,657 

(2,556) 

ii. Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets (4) 

35,160 

12,631 

12,830 

iii. Share-based compensation (5) 

10,143 

13,110 

15,020 

iv. Acquisition, restructuring and exit costs (6) 

(28,722) 

34,546 

29,463 

v. Debt issuance costs (7) 

5,620 

5,589 

6,546 

Tax effect of above adjustments (9) 

(6,080) 

(16,883) 

(15,326) 

Adjusted Net Income 

293,750 

329,039 

258,499 

Tax benefit of goodwill and acquired intangibles (10) 

37,490 

28,012 

26,992 

Adjustments made to GAAP Net Income to calculate Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income, as applicable, are: 
 (1) Adding back interest paid on debt and other financing costs, net of interest income. 

(2) Adding back depreciation on property and equipment. 

(3) Adding back other business taxes. 

(4) Adding back amortization expense on acquisition related intangible assets. 

(5) Adding back share-based compensation associated with equity awards issued from pools created in connection with the management led buyout and various acquisitions and as a result of equity grants related to the initial public offering (the IPO ). 

(6) Adding back direct incremental costs of acquisitions, including restructuring costs. 

(7) Adding back debt issuance cost expense. 

(8) Adjusting for losses (earnings) on equity method investments. 

(9) Subtracting an estimate of income tax expense applied to the sum of the adjustments above. 

64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 (10) Represents the tax benefits associated with deductions allowed for intangibles and goodwill generated from acquisitions in which we received a step up in basis for tax purposes. Acquired intangible assets and goodwill may be amortized for tax purposes, generally over a 15 year period. The tax benefit from amortization on these assets is included to show the full economic benefit of deductions for all acquired intangibles with a step up in tax basis. Due to our acquisitive nature, tax deductions allowed on acquired intangible assets and goodwill provide us with a significant economic benefit. 

The following table presents the components of acquisition, restructuring and exit costs for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Acquisition-related costs 

534 

16,262 

1,108 

Change in value of consideration payable for acquisition of business 

(40,600) 

13,800 

11,300 

Restructuring and integration costs 

881 

2,578 

7,786 

General and administrative 

8,081 

Personnel compensation and benefits 

10,463 

1,906 

1,188 

Total acquisition, restructuring and exit costs 

(28,722) 

34,546 

29,463 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Contractual Obligations 
 Sources and Uses of Cash We generate strong cash flows from operations that allow us to meet our cash requirements. Our primary uses of cash include: (i) repayment of our debt obligations, (ii) funding of acquisitions, (iii) payment of contingent consideration for previous acquisitions, and (iv) working capital needs. Cash flows from operations also allow us to meet certain other cash uses such as quarterly cash dividends and the repurchase of our Common Stock. We believe we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to continue to paydown our debt obligations as well as to continue focusing on acquisition candidates. 
 The following table presents our liquidity position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Cash and cash equivalents (1) 

38,171 

69,533 

Accounts and other receivables (2) 

84,473 

104,305 

Undrawn commitment on revolving credit facility (3) 

100,000 

100,000 

Accounts and other payables (4) 

(109,320) 

(121,057) 

(1) We manage our cash balances in order to fund our day-to-day operations and invest excess cash into money market funds and other short-term investments. 

(2) Our accounts receivables consist primarily of investment management, fund administrative and distribution fees that have been earned but not yet received from clients. We perform a review of our receivables on a monthly basis to assess collectability. 

(3) The balance at December 31, 2022 represents the Company s undrawn 99.9 million revolving credit facility and a 0.1 million standby letter of credit used as collateral for THB s real estate location. At December 31, 2021, the revolving credit facility had an undrawn balance of 99.9 million and a 0.1 million standby letter of credit used as collateral for THB's real estate location. 

(4) Accounts and other payables consist primarily of various payables related to operations, transaction costs and interest payable on the term loan, as well as accrued compensation and benefits. 

December 31, 2021 includes the required principal amortization of 1.00 per annum related to the Company s term loan. 
 Excludes 28.0 million and 36.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration that is expected to be paid over the next twelve month period resulting from the USAA AMCO and WestEnd Acquisitions. 
 2021 Debt Repricing 
 On February 18, 2021, the Company entered into the Second Amendment (the Second Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement with the other loan parties thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the Royal Bank of Canada as fronting bank. Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Company repriced the existing term loans with replacement term loans in an aggregate principal amount of 755.7 million (the Repriced Term Loans ). The Repriced Term Loans have substantially the same terms as the previously existing term loans, including the same maturity date of July 2026, except that the Repriced Term Loans 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 provided for a reduced applicable margin on LIBOR of 25 basis points. After the Second Amendment, the applicable margin on LIBOR under the Repriced Term Loans was 2.25 . 
 2021 Incremental Term Loans 
 On December 31, 2021, the Company entered into the Third Amendment (the Third Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement with the guarantors party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto from time to time. Pursuant to the Third Amendment, the Company obtained incremental term loans (the 2021 Incremental Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount of 505.0 million and used the proceeds to fund the WestEnd Acquisition and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. The 2021 Incremental Term Loans mature in December 2028 and bear interest at an annual rate equal to, at the option of the Company, either LIBOR (adjusted for reserves and subject to a 50 basis point floor) plus a margin of 2.25 or an alternate base rate plus a margin of 1.25 . 
 Original issue discount was 2.5 million for the 2021 Incremental Term Loans. The Company incurred a total of 9.1 million of other third party costs related to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, which were recorded as term loan debt issuance costs. 
 2022 LIBOR to Term SOFR Rate Transition 
 On September 23, 2022, the Company entered into the Fourth Amendment (the Fourth Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement to change the interest rate on the Repriced Term Loans and 2021 Incremental Term Loans from LIBOR to a rate based on SOFR plus a ten-basis point credit spread adjustment. There was no change to the applicable margin on the referenced rate as a result of the Fourth Amendment. 
 The LIBOR rate loans outstanding as of the Fourth Amendment s effective date continued as LIBOR rate loans until the end of their then current interest periods. The 2021 Incremental Term Loans converted into Term SOFR loans on September 30, 2022, while the Repriced Term Loans converted into Term SOFR loans on October 6, 2022. Also on October 6, 2022, the interest periods for the Repriced Term Loans and 2021 Incremental Term Loans were aligned and the three-month Term SOFR rate was elected for all the Company s term loans. 
 2020 Swap Transaction 
 On March 27, 2020, the Company executed a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap transaction Swap to effectively fix the interest rate at 3.465 on 450 million of its outstanding Term Loan through the Term Loan maturity date of July 2026. Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Company lowered the spread on the Term Loan by 0.25 resulting in a new fixed rate of 3.215 on the 450 million of Term Loan subject to the Swap. On September 26, 2022, the Company and the Swap counterparty executed an amendment to the Swap the Swap Amendment to update LIBOR conventions to SOFR conventions and to modify the fixed rate for the change from three-month LIBOR to three-month Term SOFR effective on October 6, 2022. There was no change to the 450 million notional value, the July 1, 2026 expiration date, the quarterly payment frequency or the designated three-month maturity from the Swap Amendment. The interest rate effectively fixed by the Swap on 450 million of the Company s outstanding term loan debt through July 1, 2026 changed from 3.215 to 3.149 as a result of the Swap Amendment. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the 450 million notional value Swap had a fair value of 46.9 million and 7.8 million, respectively, which was included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized income, net of tax, of 29.7 million and 13.5 million, respectively, in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reclassified income of 3.7 million and a loss of 3.6 million, respectively, from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense and other financing costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Refer to Note 12, Derivatives, for further information on the Swap. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 230.4 million and 309.4 million, respectively, in contingent consideration that is estimated to be payable over the next one and three years resulting from the USAA AMCO and WestEnd Acquisitions. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a decrease of 3.6 million and an increase of 13.8 million, respectively, in contingent payment liabilities associated with the USAA AMCO Acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a decrease of 37.0 million in contingent payment liabilities associated WestEnd Acquisition, which is included in consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Advertising and Marketing Costs 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into a long-term partnership with Spurs Sports Entertainment and executed naming rights and partnership agreements for the team s new performance center. The agreements, which end in 2033, grant the Company exclusive naming rights, sponsorship, signage, advertising and other promotional rights and benefits for the new performance center. 
 
 Payments made under the agreements are deferred and expensed on a straight-line basis over the term of the arrangement. The related advertising and marketing expense is recorded in general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The balance of amounts paid less amortized expense are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in other assets when cumulative payments exceed amortized expense and in other liabilities when amortized expense exceeds cumulative payments. 
 Capital Requirements 
 VCS is a registered broker dealer subject to the Uniform Net Capital requirements under the Exchange Act, which requires maintenance of certain minimum net capital levels. In addition, we have certain non U.S. subsidiaries that have minimum capital requirements. As a result, such subsidiaries of our Company may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash to their parents. VCS and our non U.S. subsidiaries were in compliance with these requirements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Cash Flows The following table is derived from our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

335,211 

376,196 

250,616 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(6,317) 

(556,588) 

(12,340) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(360,186) 

227,217 

(252,696) 

Operating Activities 
 2022 compared to 2021 Cash provided by operating activities was 335.2 million in 2022, compared to 376.2 million in 2021. The 41.0 million net decrease in cash provided by operating activities was due to the combination of a 24.0 million decrease in working capital and a 14.2 million decrease in non-cash items. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Cash provided by operating activities was 376.2 million in 2021, compared to 250.6 million in 2020. The 125.6 million net increase in cash provided by operating activities was due to the combination of a 65.9 million increase in net income and a 67.2 million net increase in working capital as a result of timing of account payable and accrued expenses. Partially offsetting were adjustments for certain non-cash items totaling 7.5 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 2022 compared to 2021 Cash used in investing activities decreased by 550.3 million to 6.3 million in 2022, from 556.6 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to 539.3 million paid in cash in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to the November 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021 closings of the NEC and WestEnd acquisitions, respectively. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Cash used in investing activities increased by 544.3 million to 556.6 million in 2021, from 12.3 million in 2020. The increase was primarily due to 539.3 million paid in cash in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to the November 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021 closings of the NEC and WestEnd acquisitions, respectively. 
 Financing Activities 
 2022 compared to 2021 Cash used in financing activities increased 587.4 million to 360.2 million in 2022 compared to cash provided by financing activities of 227.2 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 term loan prepayments, repurchases of our Common Stock, payment of dividends and payment of taxes related to settlement of equity awards and payment of consideration for acquisition of 149.1 million, 101.2 million, 69.2 million, 31.1 million and 23.8 million, respectively, during 2022. 
 2021 compared to 2020 Cash provided by financing activities increased 479.9 million to 227.2 million in 2021 compared to cash used in financing activities of 252.7 million in 2020. The increase was due to 502.5 million of net proceeds from the Incremental Term Loans received in 2021, which was partially offset by term loan prepayments, repurchases of our Common Stock, payment of dividends and payment of taxes related to settlement of equity awards and payment of consideration for acquisition of 142.0 million, 31.5 million, 37.2 million, 26.7 million and 37.5 million, respectively, during 2021. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP is based on the selection and application of accounting policies that require us to make significant estimates and assumptions that in certain circumstances affect amounts reported in the audited consolidated financial statements. In preparing these financial statements, our estimates and judgements are based on historical experience, information from third-party valuation professionals and various other assumptions, giving due consideration to materiality. We consider the accounting policies discussed below to be critical to the understanding of our consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from our estimates and assumptions, and any such difference could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Significant accounting policies are described more fully in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to the audited consolidated financial statements. 
 Business Combinations We recognize and measure identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations as of the acquisition date at fair value. The process of determining the fair value of identifiable intangible assets at the date of acquisition utilizes an income approach and requires significant estimates and judgment as to expectations for earnings on the related managed assets acquired, redemption rates, growth rates from sales efforts, the effects of market conditions and a discount rate. The process for estimating the fair value of acquired trade names considers comparable royalty rates and projected revenue streams. We typically utilize an independent valuation expert to assist with these valuations. 
 We recognize and measure contingent consideration liabilities at fair value as of the acquisition date using an option pricing model and Monte Carlo simulation. These valuations require significant estimates and judgments related to projected revenue growth rates, adjustments for market-based risk, volatility and discount rates. The fair value of contingent consideration liabilities is remeasured at each reporting period, typically using the same methodology used to determine the acquisition date fair value. Any change in the fair value estimate subsequent to the acquisition date is recorded in the earnings of that period. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite lived Intangible Assets The accounting for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets requires significant estimates and judgment in the ongoing evaluation for impairment, and for indefinite-lived intangible assets, reconsideration of an asset s useful life. Changes in these assumptions or estimates could materially affect the determination of the fair value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 The Company tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. Factors that could trigger an impairment review include underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the Company's use of the acquired assets in a business combination or strategy for the Company's overall business, significant negative industry or economic trends and significant decreases in the Company s market capitalization. The Company conducts the annual impairment assessment as of October 1 st and uses a qualitative approach to test for potential impairment of goodwill. If, after considering various factors, management determines that it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired, the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying amount. A goodwill impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value. The assumptions used to estimate fair value include management's estimates of future growth rates, operating cash flows, discount rates and terminal value. These assumptions and estimates can change in future periods based on market movement and factors impacting the expected business performance. Changes in assumptions or estimates could materially affect the determination of our fair value. 
 Because the advisory, distribution and transfer agent contracts are with the funds, renewable annually and have a history of being renewed, industry practice under GAAP is to consider the contract lives to be indefinite 
 68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and, as a result, not amortizable. For these fund contracts as well as the trade name indefinite-lived intangible assets, we consider (i) macroeconomic and entity specific factors, including changes to legal, regulatory or contractual provisions of the renewable advisory and distribution contracts, (ii) the effects of obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors that could impact the funds projected performance and (iii) the existence or expectation of significant changes in the level and mix of managed assets. 
 In addition, for indefinite-lived intangible assets, we consider whether events or circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. Indicators monitored by us that may indicate an indefinite useful life is no longer supported generally include (i) changes in the use of the asset, (ii) a significant decline in the level of managed assets and (iii) significant reductions in underlying operating cash flows. 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets are combined into a single unit of accounting for purposes of testing impairment if they operate as a single asset and represent as a group the highest and best use of the assets. If actual changes in the underlying managed assets or other conditions, such as redemption rates or changes to contractual provisions, indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, or if the estimated useful life is reduced, we perform a quantitative approach to estimate the fair value of the intangible asset. The process of estimating the fair value of the intangible asset requires us to estimate the level and mix of managed assets, considering future redemption rates, growth rates, market appreciation/depreciation and a discount rate. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, we recognize an impairment charge equal to that excess. 
 Item 7A. Qualitative and Quantitativ e Disclosures Regarding Market Risk. 
 Market Risk Substantially all of our revenues are derived from investment management, fund administration and distribution fees, which are primarily based on the market value of our AUM. Accordingly, our revenues and net income may decline as a result of our AUM decreasing due to depreciation of our investment portfolios. In addition, such depreciation could cause our clients to withdraw their assets in favor of other investment alternatives that they perceive to offer higher returns or lower risk, which could cause our revenues and net income to decline further. 
 The value of our AUM was approximately 153 billion at December 31, 2022. A 10 increase or decrease in the value of our AUM, if proportionately distributed over all of our strategies, products and client relationships, would cause an annualized increase or decrease in our revenues of approximately 79.6 million at our weighted-average fee rate of 52 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022. Because of declining fee rates from larger relationships and differences in our fee rates across investment strategies, a change in the composition of our AUM, in particular, an increase in the proportion of our total AUM attributable to strategies, clients or relationships with lower effective fee rates, could have a material negative impact on our overall weighted-average fee rate. The same 10 increase or decrease in the value of our total AUM, if attributed entirely to a proportionate increase or decrease in the AUM of the Victory Funds and USAA Funds, to which we provide a range of services in addition to those provided to institutional separate accounts, would cause an annualized increase or decrease in our revenues of approximately 93.3 million at the Victory Funds and USAA Funds aggregate weighted-average fee rate of 61 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022. If the same 10 increase or decrease in the value of our total AUM was attributable entirely to a proportionate increase or decrease in the assets of our institutional separate accounts, it would cause an annualized increase or decrease in our revenues of approximately 49.0 million at the weighted-average fee rate across all of our institutional separate accounts of 32 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As is customary in the investment management industry, clients invest in particular strategies to gain exposure to certain asset classes, which exposes their investment to the benefits and risks of those asset classes. We believe our clients invest in each of our strategies in order to gain exposure to the portfolio securities of the respective strategies and may implement their own risk management program or procedures. We have not adopted a corporate level risk management policy regarding client assets, nor have we attempted to hedge at the corporate level or within individual strategies the market risks that would affect the value of our overall AUM and related revenues. Some of these risks, such as sector and currency risks, are inherent in certain strategies, and clients may invest in particular strategies to gain exposure to particular risks. While negative returns in our strategies and net client cash outflows do not directly reduce the assets on our balance sheet (because the assets we manage are owned by our clients, not us), any reduction in the value of our AUM would result in a reduction in our revenues. 
 69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Exchange Rate Risk A portion of the accounts that we advise hold investments that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. To the extent our AUM are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, the value of that AUM will decrease with an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar or increase with a decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar. Each investment team monitors its own exposure to exchange rate risk and makes decisions on how to manage that risk in the portfolios they manage. We believe many of our clients invest in those strategies in order to gain exposure to non U.S. currencies, or may implement their own hedging programs. As a result, we generally do not hedge an investment portfolio s exposure to non U.S. currency. 
 We have not adopted a corporate-level risk management policy to manage this exchange rate risk. Assuming 9 of our AUM are invested in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar and excluding the impact of any hedging arrangement, a 10 increase or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar would decrease or increase the fair value of our AUM by approximately 1.4 billion, which would cause an annualized increase or decrease in revenues of approximately 7.3 million at our weighted-average fee rate for the business of 52 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We operate in several foreign countries and incur operating expenses associated with these operations. In addition, we have revenue and revenue-sharing arrangements that are denominated in non-U.S. currencies. We do not believe foreign currency fluctuations materially affect our results of operations. 
 Interest Rate Risk Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. On March 27, 2020, the Company executed the Swap, a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap transaction, to effectively fix the interest rate at 3.465 on 450 million of its outstanding Term Loan through the Term Loan maturity date of July 2026. On February 18, 2021, pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Company lowered the spread on the Term Loan by 0.25 resulting in a new fixed rate of 3.215 on the 450 million of Term Loan subject to the Swap. On September 26, 2022, the Company and the Swap counterparty executed an amendment to the Swap to update LIBOR conventions to SOFR conventions and to modify the fixed rate for the change from three-month LIBOR to three-month Term SOFR effective on October 6, 2022. There is no change to the 450 million notional value, the July 1, 2026 expiration date, the quarterly payment frequency or the designated three-month maturity from the Swap Amendment. The interest rate effectively fixed by the Swap on 450 million of the Company s outstanding term loan debt through July 1, 2026 changed from 3.215 to 3.149 as a result of the Swap Amendment. Refer to Note 12, Derivatives, for further information on the Swap. At December 31, 2022, we were exposed to interest rate risk as a result of the unhedged amounts outstanding under the 2019 Credit Agreement, as amended. Refer to Note 11, Debt, for a description of the amounts outstanding as of such date and the applicable interest rate. 
 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8. Financial Informat ion and Supplementary Data. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for the Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except for shares) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment management fees receivable 

Fund administration and distribution fees receivable 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses 

Investments in proprietary funds, at fair value 

Deferred compensation plan investments, at fair value 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Consideration payable for acquisition of business 

Deferred compensation plan liability 

Deferred tax liability, net 

Other liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Common stock, par value per share: 2022 - shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding; 2021 - shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Class A treasury stock, at cost: 2022 - shares; 2021 - shares 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations 
 (in thousands, except for shares) 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Investment management fees 

Fund administration and distribution fees 

Total revenue 

Expenses 

Personnel compensation and benefits 

Distribution and other asset-based expenses 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Change in value of consideration payable for acquisition of business 

() 

Acquisition-related costs 

Restructuring and integration costs 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income and other income (expense) 

() 

Interest expense and other financing costs 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

() 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

Earnings per share of common stock 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

Dividends declared per share of common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 73 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of C omprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Net unrealized income (loss) on cash flow hedges 

() 

Net unrealized income (loss) on foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cha nges in Stockholders' Equity 
 (in thousands) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Retained 

Common Stock 

Treasury Stock 

Paid-In 

Comprehensive 

Earnings 

Common Stock 

Class B 

Common Stock 

Class B 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

(Deficit) 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Conversion of Class B shares to Common Stock 

() 

Repurchase of shares 

() 

() 

Shares withheld related to net settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

Vesting of restricted share grants 

() 

Exercise of options 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Conversion of Class B shares to Common Stock 

() 

Repurchase of shares 

() 

() 

Shares withheld related to net settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

() 

Vesting of restricted share grants 

() 

Exercise of options 

Elimination of Class B share class 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income 

Share-based compensation 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Repurchase of shares 

() 

() 

Shares withheld related to net settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

Vesting of restricted share grants 

() 

Exercise of options 

Other comprehensive income 

Share-based compensation 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for deferred income taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred financing costs and derivative and accretion expense 

Share-based and deferred compensation 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration obligations 

() 

Unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 

() 

() 

Noncash lease expense 

Loss on equity method investment 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment due to restructuring 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Investment management fees receivable 

() 

Fund administration and distribution fees receivable 

() 

Other receivables 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

() 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

() 

Deferred compensation plan liability 

() 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

Payment of consideration for acquisition 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of deferred compensation plan investments 

() 

() 

() 

Sales of deferred compensation plan investments 

Purchases of proprietary funds 

() 

() 

() 

Sales of proprietary funds 

Purchase of equity method investment 

() 

Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Issuance of common stock 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Payments of taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from long-term senior debt 

Payment of debt financing fees 

() 

Repayment and repurchases of long-term senior debt 

() 

() 

() 

Payment of dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Payment of consideration for acquisition 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

Effect of changes of foreign exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 76 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the acquisition. On November 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of New Energy Capital Partners NEC ), resulting in NEC becoming the Company s eleventh investment franchise. Founded in 2004 and based in Hanover, New Hampshire, NEC is an alternative asset management firm focused on debt and equity investments in clean energy infrastructure projects and companies. At November 1, 2021, the NEC AUM that was acquired totaled million. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the acquisition. On December 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of WestEnd Advisors, LLC WestEnd ), resulting in WestEnd becoming the Company s twelfth investment franchise. Founded in 2004, and headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, WestEnd is an ETF strategist advisor that provides financial advisors with a turnkey, core model allocation strategy for either a holistic solution or complementary source of alpha. The firm offers four primary ETF strategies and one large cap core strategy, all in tax efficient Separately Managed Account (SMA) structures. At December 31, 2021, the WestEnd AUM that was acquired totaled billion. WestEnd is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. and is the Company s second registered investment adviser. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details on the acquisition. Changes in Capital Structure On February 12, 2018, the Company completed the initial public offering IPO of its Class A common stock. The Company issued shares of Class A common stock at a price of per share at the closing of the IPO. On March 13, 2018, the Company issued an additional shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the underwriters exercise of their option. All shares of common stock outstanding prior to the IPO were immediately converted into Class B common stock at a -to-one ratio. On September 27, 2021, the Board of Directors approved amendments to the Company s corporate charter and bylaws to eliminate the Company s dual-class share structure. On November 19, 2021, the Company s stockholders voted on and approved an amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amendment ), as amended, to eliminate the Company s dual-class stock structure. The Amendment (i) converted all the shares of Class B Common Stock into an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock (the Conversion ), (ii) deleted provisions no longer applicable following the Conversion, (iii) renamed our Class A Common Stock as Common Stock. On July 1, 2019, concurrent with the USAA AMCO Acquisition, the Company (i) entered into the 2019 Credit Agreement, (ii) repaid all indebtedness outstanding under the 2018 Credit Agreement and (iii) terminated the 2018 Credit Agreement. The 2019 Credit Agreement was entered into among the Company, as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, pursuant to which the Company obtained term loans in an aggregate principal amount of billion and established a revolving credit facility (which was unfunded as of the closing date) with aggregate commitments of million. On January 17, 2020, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the First Amendment, the Company refinanced the existing term loans (the 2019 Term Loans with replacement term loans (the 2020 Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount of million. The 2020 Term Loans provided for substantially the same terms as the 2019 Term Loans, including the same maturity date of , except that the basis point s. The applicable margin on LIBOR under the 2020 Term Loans was , compared to under the 2019 Term Loans. On February 18, 2021, the Company entered into the Second Amendment (the Second Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement, as amended, with the other loan parties thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the Royal Bank of Canada as fronting bank. Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Company refinanced the 2020 Term Loans with replacement term loans in an aggregate principal amount of (the Repriced Term Loans ). The Repriced Term Loans provide for substantially the same terms as the 2020 Term Loans, including the same maturity date of , except that the basis points . The applicable margin on LIBOR under the Repriced Term Loans is , compared to under the 2020 Terms Loans. On December 31, 2021, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Third Amendment ), dated as of July 1, 2019 (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2020, and the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021) with the guarantors party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto from time to time. Pursuant to the Third Amendment, the Company obtained incremental term loans (the 2021 Incremental Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount of million and used the proceeds to fund the WestEnd Acquisition of of the equity interests of WestEnd and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. basis point floor) plus a margin of or an alternate base rate plus a margin of . The 2021 Incremental Term Loans will amortize at a rate of per annum. On September 23, 2022, the Company entered into the There was no change to the applicable margin on the referenced rate as a result of the Fourth Amendment. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further information on the USAA AMCO and WestEnd Acquisitions and Note 11, Debt, for additional information on the Company s debt structure. 

78 
 
 Table of Contents 

voting interest in entities controlled through voting interests or if (ii) the Company has the ability to direct significant activities of a fund not controlled through voting interests (a variable interest entity or VIE) and the obligation to absorb losses of and/or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company s involvement with non consolidated sponsored investment funds that are considered VIEs include providing investment advisory, fund administration, fund compliance, fund transfer agent, fund distribution services and other management services and/or holding a minority interest. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's investments in and maximum risk of loss related to unconsolidated sponsored VIE investment funds totaled million and million, respectively which are included in investments in proprietary funds and deferred compensation plan investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company has not provided financial support to these entities outside the ordinary course of business, which includes assuming operating expenses of funds for competitive or contractual reasons through fee waivers and fund expense reimbursements. The Company does not consolidate the sponsored investment funds in which it has an equity investment as it holds a minority interest, does not direct significant activities of these funds and does not have the right to receive benefits nor the obligation to absorb losses that could potentially be significant to these funds. Upon the completion of the NEC Acquisition on November 1, 2021, VCM became the manager of certain general partner entities associated with the NEC Funds. The Company has no equity investment in these general partner entities, which are non-consolidated VIEs, nor in the NEC Funds and has no share of these general partner entities income or losses. The Company owned a equity interest in Alderwood Partners LLP Alderwood from September 20, 2020 through July 31, 2022, when the Company retired as a member of Alderwood. The Company analyzed its investment in Alderwood under the voting interest model and determined that it did not have a controlling financial interest. The Company accounted for its Alderwood investment using the equity method of accounting. Refer to Note 13, Equity Method Investment, for additional information on Alderwood. The Company applies the equity method of accounting to investments where it does not hold a controlling equity interest, but has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial matters. In the event that management identifies an other than temporary decline in the estimated fair value of an equity method investment to an amount below its carrying value, the investment is written down to its estimated fair value. 
 
 The Company accounts for revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company s revenue includes fees earned from providing investment management services, fund administration services, fund compliance, fund transfer agent services and fund distribution services. Revenue is recognized for each distinct performance obligation identified in customer contracts when the performance obligation has been satisfied by transferring services to a customer either over time or at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the service. Revenue is recognized in the amount of variable or fixed consideration allocated to the satisfied performance obligation that Victory expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring services to a customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price only when it is probable that a significant reversal of such revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. For further information on the Company s various revenue streams, refer to Note 3, Revenue. 

and the Company s ability and intent to hold the security for a length of time sufficient to allow for recovery of such unrealized losses. Impairment charges are recorded in other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. impairments were recognized as a result of such review in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Deferred Compensation Plan Investments Deferred compensation plan investments include investments in affiliated and third party mutual funds held in a rabbi trust under a deferred compensation plan. Deferred compensation plan investments are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in value in deferred compensation plan investments are recognized by the Company in other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company's investments in proprietary funds and deferred compensation plan investments are valued through the use of quoted market prices available in an active market, which is the net asset value of the funds. 
 
 . Improvements to leased property are amortized on a straight line basis over the lesser of the useful life of the improvements or the term of the applicable lease. When assets are sold or retired, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Gains and losses resulting from the sale or disposal of assets as part of a restructuring plan are included in restructuring and integration costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The cost of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Equipment and leasehold improvements are tested for impairment whenever changes in facts or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 . Lease liabilities represent an obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease while ROU assets represent a right to use an underlying asset during the lease term. The lease liability is measured at the present value of the future lease payments over the lease term generally using the Company's incremental borrowing rate, which is determined through market sources. Lease components and non-lease components such as fixed maintenance and other costs are combined into one lease component and capitalized in lease liabilities. Variable lease payments, such as utilities and common area maintenance charges, are excluded from lease liabilities and expensed as incurred. The variable lease payments are determined based on terms in the lease contracts and primarily relate to usage of the ROU asset and services received from the lessor. A ROU asset is measured initially as the value of the lease liability plus initial direct costs and prepaid lease payments and less lease incentives received. The lease term includes periods covered by options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recorded in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 operating segment is based on the fact that the Chief Operating Decision Maker reviews the Company's financial performance on an aggregate level. 
 
 Management periodically evaluates the remaining useful lives and carrying values of the intangible assets to determine whether events and circumstances indicate that a change in the useful life or impairment in value may have occurred. Indicators of impairment monitored by management include a decline in the level of managed assets, changes to contractual provisions underlying certain intangible assets and reductions in underlying operating cash flows. Should there be an indication of a change in the useful life or impairment in value of the definite lived intangible assets, we compare the carrying value of the asset to the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the underlying asset over its remaining useful life to determine whether impairment has occurred. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, the asset is written down to its fair value determined using discounted cash flows. The Company writes off the cost and accumulated amortization balances for all fully amortized intangible assets. Indefinite lived intangible assets include trade names and contracts for fund advisory, distribution and transfer agent services where the Company expects to, and has the ability to continue to manage these funds indefinitely, the contracts have annual renewal provisions, and there is a high likelihood of continued renewal based on historical experience. Trade names are considered indefinite lived intangible assets when they are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely. Indefinite lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually as of October 1 st using a qualitative approach which requires that positive and negative evidence collected as a result of considering various factors be weighed in order to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite lived intangible asset is impaired. In addition, periodically management reconsiders whether events or circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. Indicators monitored by management that may indicate an indefinite useful life is no longer supported include a significant decline in the level of managed assets, changes to legal, regulatory or contractual provisions of the renewable investment advisory contracts and reductions in underlying operating cash flows. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are combined into a single unit of accounting for purposes of testing impairment if they operate as a single asset and represent as a group the highest and best use of the assets. If the qualitative approach indicates that it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, the Company estimates the fair value of the indefinite lived intangible asset and compares it to the book value of the asset to determine whether an impairment charge is necessary. Impairment is indicated when the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value. 
 reserve for credit losses and provision for credit losses were recognized as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in other assets when cumulative payments exceed amortized expense and in other liabilities when amortized expense exceeds cumulative payments. 

million and million in costs related to debt modifications in 2021 and 2020, respectively in 2022). The analysis as to whether a modification of debt is an extinguishment or modification is performed on a creditor by creditor basis. Refer to Note 11, Debt, for further information on debt refinancings and modifications. 
 Acquisitions of treasury stock are recorded at cost. Treasury stock held is reported as a deduction from stockholders' equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At the date of subsequent reissue, the treasury stock account is reduced by the cost of such stock on a specific identification basis. Additional paid in capital from treasury stock transactions is increased as the Company reissues treasury stock for more than the cost of the shares. If the Company issues treasury stock for less than its cost, additional paid in capital from treasury stock transactions is reduced to no less than zero. Once this account is at zero, any further required reductions are recorded to retained earnings in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

, the Company ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (the New Lease Standard which supersedes previous lease guidance, Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 840 ASC Topic 840 ). The New Lease Standard required lessees to recognize a ROU asset and a lease liability for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) on their balance sheet at the commencement date and recognize expenses on their income statement similar to ASC Topic 840 guidance. In addition, the FASB issued ASU 2018-11, Leases Targeted Improvements, which provided a package of practical expedients for entities to apply upon adoption. 

 The Company adopted the New Lease Standard using the modified retrospective method of applying the new standard at the adoption date. We elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance which allowed us to carry forward historical lease classifications for existing and expired leases and not reassess existing lease initial direct costs. In addition, we elected for all classes of underlying assets not to separate lease and non-lease components of a contract. We also elected the practical expedients to determine the likelihood of an extension or reduction in lease terms at commencement through adoption of the New Lease Standard and to not apply the New Lease Standard to leases with terms of one year or less. The adoption of the New Lease Standard resulted in the recognition of million of operating lease ROU assets and the corresponding operating lease liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the reclassification of million of deferred rent liabilities relating to these leases, reducing operating lease ROU assets. The consolidated balance sheet prior to January 1, 2022 was not restated and continues to be reported under the Legacy ASC Topic 840, which did not require the recognition of operating lease ROU assets and liabilities. The expense recognition for operating leases and finance leases under the New Lease Standard is consistent with the Legacy ASC Topic 840. As a result, there is no significant impact to our results of operations, liquidity or debt covenant compliance under our current credit agreements. 

Total liabilities 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The lease liability recorded for our operating leases on January 1, 2022 was based on the present value of the remaining minimum lease payments discounted using our secured incremental borrowing rate on that date for the average remaining term for our lease portfolio. Reference Rate Reform : In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASC 848 ). ASC 848 contains optional practical expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. 

 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company elected to apply certain optional expedients available under ASC 848 providing relief from contract modification and hedge accounting requirements to amendments made to its 2019 credit agreement and interest rate swap (the Swap agreement to transition the referenced interest rate from LIBOR to a rate based on the secured overnight financing rate SOFR ). As a result, the Company was not required to evaluate whether the modifications to the 2019 Credit Agreement and the Swap agreement resulted in the establishment of new contracts or the continuation of existing contracts and elected not to remeasure the contracts at the modification date or reassess previous accounting determinations. The modified contracts are accounted for, and presented as, continuations of the existing contracts. The Company also elected to change the contractual terms of the Swap without dedesignating the hedging relationship. Prior to amending the Swap, the Company elected to use the guidance in ASC 848 to assert that it remained probable that the hedged forecasted transaction would occur. Recently Issued Accounting Standards Expected Credit Losses: In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 creates a new model for determining current expected credit losses CECL on trade and other receivables, net investments in leases, contract assets and long-term receivables. The CECL impairment model requires companies to consider the risk of loss even if it is remote and to include forecasts of future economic conditions as well as information about past events and current conditions. The effective date for calendar-year public business entities was January 1, 2020. As an emerging growth company EGC ), the Company adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023. The adoption did not have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

 Fair Value Measurements: In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions to clarify guidance for determining the fair value of certain equity securities and eliminate diversity in practice. ASU 2022-03 states that contractual sale restrictions should not be considered when measuring the fair value of an equity security and requires new disclosures for entities with equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions. The effective date for calendar-year public business entities is January 1, 2024. As the Company does not have equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions, ASU 2022-03 is not expected to impact its consolidated financial statements. 

ETFs (VictoryShares) 

Separate accounts and other vehicles 

Performance-based fees 

Mutual funds (USAA Funds) 

() 

() 

() 

Separate accounts and other vehicles 

() 

Total investment management fees 

Fund administration and distribution fees 

Administration fees 

Mutual funds (Victory/USAA Funds) 

ETFs (VictoryShares) 

Distribution fees 

Mutual funds (Victory/USAA Funds) 

Transfer agent fees 

Mutual funds (USAA Funds) 

Total fund administration and distribution fees 

Total revenue 

ETFs (VictoryShares) 

Separate accounts and other vehicles 

Receivables from contracts with customers 

Non-customer receivables 

Total receivables 

Investment management fees receivable 

Fund administration and distribution fees receivable 

Other receivables 

Total receivables 

Revenue The Company s revenue includes fees earned from providing; investment management services, 

 fund administration services, 

 fund transfer agent services, and 

 fund distribution services. 

 Revenue is recognized for each distinct performance obligation identified in customer contracts when the performance obligation has been satisfied by transferring services to a customer either over time or at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the service. Revenue is recognized in the amount of variable or fixed consideration allocated to the satisfied performance obligation that Victory expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring services to a customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price only when it is probable that a significant reversal of such revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Investment management, fund administration and fund distribution fees are generally considered variable consideration as they are typically calculated as a percentage of AUM. Fund transfer agent fees are also considered variable consideration as they are calculated as a percentage of AUM or based on the number of accounts in the fund. In such cases, the amount of fees earned is subject to factors outside of the Company s control including customer or underlying investor contributions and redemptions and financial market volatility. These fees are considered constrained and are excluded from the transaction price until the asset values or number of accounts on which the customer is billed are calculated and the value of consideration is measurable. The Company has contractual arrangements with third parties to provide certain advisory, administration, transfer agent and distribution services. Management considers whether we are acting as the principal service provider or as an agent to determine whether revenue should be recorded based on the gross amount payable by the customer or net of payments to third-party service providers, respectively. Victory is considered a principal service provider if we control the service that is transferred to the customer. We are considered an agent when we arrange for the service to be provided by another party and do not control the service. Investment Management Fees Investment management fees are received in exchange for investment management services that represent a series of distinct incremental days of investment management service. Control of investment management services is transferred to the customers over time as these customers receive and consume the benefits provided by these services. Investment management fees are calculated as a contractual percentage of AUM and are generally paid in arrears on a monthly or quarterly basis. AUM represents the financial assets the Company manages for clients on either a discretionary or non-discretionary basis. In general, AUM reflects the valuation methodology that corresponds to the basis used for determining revenue such as net asset value for the Victory Funds, USAA Funds and certain other pooled funds and account market value for separate accounts. For the NEC Funds, AUM represents limited partner capital commitments during the commitment period of the fund. Following the earlier of the termination of the commitment period and the beginning of any commitment period for a successor fund, AUM generally represents, depending on the fund, the lesser of a) the net asset value of the fund and b) the aggregated adjusted cost basis of each unrealized portfolio investment or the limited partner capital commitments reduced by the amount of capital contributions used to make portfolio investments that have been disposed. Investment management fees are recognized as revenue using a time-based output method to measure progress. Revenue is recorded at month end or quarter end when the value of consideration is measured. The amount of investment management fee revenue varies from one reporting period to another as levels of AUM change (from inflows, outflows and market movements) and as the number of days in the reporting period change. The Company may waive certain fees for investment management services provided to the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and other pooled investment vehicles and may subsidize certain share classes of the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and other pooled investment vehicles to ensure that specified operating expenses attributable to such share classes do not exceed a specified percentage. These waivers and reimbursements reduce the transaction price allocated to investment management services and are recognized as a reduction to investment management fees revenue. The amounts due to the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and other pooled investment vehicles for waivers and expense reimbursements represent consideration payable to customers, which is recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and no distinct services are received in exchange for these payments. Performance-based investment management fees, which include fees under performance fee and fulcrum fee arrangements, are included in the transaction price for providing investment management services. Performance-based investment management fees are calculated as a percentage of investment performance on a client s account versus a specified benchmark or hurdle based on the terms of the contract with the customer. Performance-based investment management fees are variable consideration and are recognized as revenue when and to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of the cumulative revenue for the contractual performance period will not occur. Performance-based investment management fees recognized as revenue in the current period may pertain to performance obligations satisfied in prior periods. Fulcrum fee arrangements include a performance fee adjustment that increases or decreases the total investment management fee depending on whether the assets being managed experienced better or worse investment performance than the index specified in the customer s contract. The performance fee adjustment arrangement with certain equity and fixed income USAA Funds took effect on July 1, 2020 and is calculated monthly based on the investment performance of those funds relative to their specified benchmark indexes over the discrete performance period ending with that month. Fund Administration Fees The Company recognizes fund administration fees as revenue using a time-based output method to measure progress. Fund administration fees are determined based on the contractual rate applied to average daily net assets of the Victory Funds, USAA Funds and VictoryShares for which administration services are provided. Revenue is recorded on a monthly basis when the value of consideration is measured using actual average daily net assets and constraints are removed. The Company s fund administration fee revenue is recorded in fund administration and distribution fees in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has contractual arrangements with a third party to provide certain sub-administration services. We are the primary obligor under the contracts with the Victory Funds, USAA Funds and VictoryShares and have the ability to select the service provider and establish pricing. As a result, fund administration fees and sub-administration expenses are recorded on a gross basis. Fund Transfer Agent Fees The Company recognizes fund transfer agent fees using a time-based output method to measure progress. Fund transfer agent fees are determined based on the contractual rate applied to either the average daily net assets of the USAA Funds for which transfer agent services are provided or number of accounts in the USAA Funds. Revenue is recorded on a monthly basis when the value of consideration is measured using actual average daily net assets or actual number of accounts and constraints are removed. The Company s fund transfer agent fee revenue is recorded in fund administration and distribution fees in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company also receives fees for sub-transfer agency services under contracts with the Victory Funds for member class shares. Sub-transfer agency fees are recognized and recorded in a manner similar to fund transfer agent fees and are recorded in fund administration and distribution fees in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has contractual arrangements with a third party to provide certain sub-transfer agent services. As the Company is the primary obligor under the transfer agency contracts with the USAA Funds and has the ability to select the service provider and establish pricing, fund transfer agent fees and sub-transfer agent expenses are recorded on a gross basis. Fund Distribution Fees The Company receives compensation for sales and sales-related services promised under distribution contracts with the Victory Funds and USAA Funds. Revenue is measured in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for providing distribution services. Distribution fees are generally calculated as a percentage of average net assets in the Victory Funds and USAA Funds. The Company s performance obligation is satisfied at the point in time when control of the services is transferred to customers, which is upon investor subscription or redemption. Based on the nature of the calculation, the revenue for these services is accounted for as variable consideration. The Company may recognize distribution fee revenue in the current period that pertains to performance obligations satisfied in prior periods as variable consideration is recognized only when uncertainties are resolved. The Company s distribution fee revenue is recorded in fund administration and distribution fees in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company has contractual arrangements with third parties to provide certain distribution services. The Company is the primary obligor under the contracts with the Victory Funds and USAA Funds and has the ability to select the service provider and establish pricing. Substantially all of the Company s revenue is recorded gross of payments made to third parties. Costs Incurred to Obtain or Fulfill Customer Contracts The Company is required to capitalize certain costs directly related to the acquisition or fulfillment of a contact with a customer. Victory has not identified any sales-based compensation or similar costs that meet the definition of an incremental cost to acquire a contract and as such we have no intangible assets related to contract acquisitions. Direct costs incurred to fulfill services under the Company s distribution contracts include sales commissions paid to third party dealers for the sale of Class C Shares. The Company may pay upfront sales commissions to dealers and institutions that sell Class C shares of the participating Victory Funds at the time of such sale. Upfront sales commission payments with respect to Class C shares equal of the purchase price of the Class C shares sold by the dealer or institution. When the Company makes an upfront payment to a dealer or institution for the sale of Class C shares, the Company capitalizes the cost of such payment, which is recorded in prepaid expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortizes the cost over a 12-month period, the estimated period of benefit. Valuation of AUM and fund investments The fair value of assets under management of the Victory Funds, USAA Funds and VictoryShares is primarily determined using quoted market prices or independent third-party pricing services or broker price quotes. In certain circumstances, a quotation or price evaluation is not readily available from a pricing service. In these cases, pricing is determined by management based on a prescribed valuation process that has been approved by the directors/trustees of the sponsored products. The same prescribed valuation process is used to price securities in separate accounts and the Company s other non-alternative investment vehicles for which a quotation or price evaluation is not readily available from a pricing service. The fair value of Level III assets held by alternative investment vehicles is determined under the respective valuation policy for each fund. The valuation policies address the fact that substantially all the investments of a fund may not have readily available market information and therefore the fair value for these assets is typically determined using unobservable inputs and models that may include subjective assumptions. AUM reported by the Company for alternative investment vehicles may not necessarily equal the funds net asset values or the total fair value of the funds portfolio investments as AUM represents the basis for calculating management fees. For the periods presented, less than one percent of the Company s total AUM were Level III assets priced without using a quoted market price, broker price quote or pricing service quotation. 

 and services using the USAA brand and the opportunity to offer its products to USAA members through a direct investor channel. Contingent Consideration Under the terms of the purchase agreement for the USAA AMCO Acquisition, a maximum of million million per year) in contingent payments is payable to sellers based on the annual revenue of USAA Adviser attributable to all non-managed money -related AUM in each of the first four annual earn out periods following the closing. To receive any contingent payment in respect of non-managed money -related assets for a given year, annual revenue from non-managed money -related assets must be at least of the revenue run-rate (as calculated under the purchase agreement) of the USAA Adviser s non-managed money -related assets under management as of the acquisition closing date, and to achieve the maximum contingent payment for a given year, such annual revenue must total at least of that acquisition date revenue run-rate. The estimated fair value for contingent consideration payable to sellers is estimated using the real options method. Revenue related to non-managed money assets is simulated in a risk-neutral framework to calculate expected probability-weighted earn out payments, which are then discounted from the expected payment dates at the relevant cost of debt. Significant assumptions and inputs include the non-managed money revenue projected annual growth rate, the market price of risk, which adjusts the projected revenue growth rate to a risk-neutral expected growth rate, revenue volatility and discount rate. The market price of risk and revenue volatility are based on data for comparable companies. As the contingent consideration represents a subordinate, unsecured claim of the Company, the Company assesses a discount rate which incorporates adjustments for credit risk and the subordination of the contingent consideration The fair value of contingent consideration payable to sellers was estimated at million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and million as of the acquisition date. The Company recorded a decrease in the liability of million in 2022 and an increase in the liability of million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, in change in value of consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has paid a total of million (the million maximum payment for each of the first three earn out periods) in contingent consideration to sellers. year average annual growth rate 

Market price of risk 

Revenue volatility 

Discount rate 

Years remaining in earn out period 

Undiscounted estimated remaining earn out payments millions 
 
 - 

- 

- 

USAA Acquired Companies 

Net income attributable to the USAA Acquired Companies for the first six months of 2020 is impractical to determine as the Company does not prepare discrete financial information at that level. THB Acquisition On March 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets of THB, including without limitation, (i) certain investment advisory and business contracts, (ii) certain books and records, (iii) the investment performance track record, and (iv) all business intellectual property and proprietary software. In addition, the Company hired the THB investment team and acquired THB AUM of million. THB manages responsible investment portfolios in the micro-cap, small-cap and mid-cap asset classes, including U.S., global and international strategies. Because substantially all of the fair value of the acquired assets was concentrated in a single identifiable asset, the transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition. Estimated acquisition costs of million were allocated to a definite-lived customer relationship intangible asset. NEC Acquisition On November 1, 2021, VCM completed the acquisition of of the equity interests in NEC. Founded in 2004 and based in Hanover, New Hampshire, NEC is an alternative asset management firm focused on debt and equity investments in clean energy infrastructure projects and companies through private closed-end funds (the NEC Funds ). The NEC Acquisition purchase price was million, which included million in cash paid at closing, net of cash acquired, and million of net working capital adjustments paid to sellers in March 2022. Consideration paid at closing was funded with balance sheet cash and proceeds from borrowings under the Company s revolving line of credit. All borrowings under the revolving line of credit were repaid prior to December 31, 2021. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company will pay up to an additional million in cash based on net revenue growth over a period following the closing date. The purchase agreement specifies net revenue and payment targets for the -month, -month and -month periods beginning on November 30, 2021 (the Start Date for the contingent payments. It also provides for advance payments and catch-up payments to be made based on actual NEC net management fee revenue, as defined in the purchase agreement, as measured at the end of each 12 month anniversary of the Start Date over a six year period. The maximum amount of contingent payments is due, less any contingent payments previously paid, upon the occurrence of certain specified events within a five year period following the Start Date. The Company determined that substantially all of the contingent payments payable per the NEC purchase agreement represent compensation for post-closing services. Accordingly, these contingent payments were excluded from the purchase price for the NEC Acquisition and a liability for these contingent payments was not recorded on the acquisition date. The Company recognizes compensation expense over the estimated service period on a straight-line basis in an amount equal to the total contingent payments currently forecasted to be paid. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded million and million, respectively, in NEC contingent payment compensation expense, which is included in personnel compensation and benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. A liability for the corresponding amount is recorded in accrued compensation and benefits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The NEC Acquisition purchase price of million was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The Company used an independent valuation specialist to assist with the determination of fair value for certain of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities disclosed below. The carried interests in the existing NEC Funds were not acquired in the transaction. No adjustments were made to the purchase price allocation during the one year measurement period following the closing date. The excess purchase price over the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed of million was recorded to goodwill in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, all of which is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill arising from the acquisition primarily results from future earnings and cash flows from new funds expected to be launched on the NEC alternative investment platform. The following table presents the amounts of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, net of cash acquired: 

Other receivables and prepaid expenses 

Property and equipment 

Other intangible assets (1) 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Purchase price, net of cash acquired 

(1) Includes million for definite-lived customer relationships with a year estimated useful life and million for definite-lived investment advisory contracts with a year estimated useful life, which are recorded in other intangible assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

WestEnd Acquisition On and effective December 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of of the equity interests of WestEnd Advisors, LLC WestEnd Acquisition ). Founded in 2004, and headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, WestEnd is an ETF strategist advisor that provides financial advisors with a turnkey, core model allocation strategy for either a holistic solution or complementary source of alpha. The firm offers four primary ETF strategies and one large cap core strategy in Separately Managed Account (SMA) structures. The aggregate purchase price for the WestEnd Acquisition was million, net of cash acquired, which includes (i) million in cash paid at closing (the WestEnd Closing net of cash acquired, (ii) the acquisition date value of contingent payments due to sellers of million and iii) million paid in cash to sellers in April 2022 for net working capital adjustments. The contingent earn-out payments are based on net revenue of the WestEnd business during each of the first following the WestEnd Closing, subject to certain catch-up provisions over a five and one half year period following the WestEnd Closing. A maximum of million million per year) in earn-out payments may be paid. In connection with the closing of the WestEnd Acquisition, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement and obtained incremental term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million to fund the acquisition and pay fees and expenses related to the transaction. Please refer to Note 11, Debt, for more information on the 2021 Incremental Term Loans. A total of million of the cash paid at closing was placed in escrow. In April 2022, the million of escrow funds reserved for purchase price adjustments was released to sellers. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining million of escrow funds remained available to compensate the Company for eligible claims under the purchase agreement s indemnification provisions. The purchase price of million was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the date of the WestEnd Acquisition. The Company used an independent valuation specialist to assist with the determination of fair value for certain of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities disclosed below. No adjustments were made to the purchase price allocation during the one year measurement period following the closing date. The excess purchase price over the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed of million was recorded to goodwill in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, all of which is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill arising from the acquisition primarily results from revenue synergies expected from combining WestEnd and Victory distribution platforms and sales efforts. 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Property and equipment 

Other intangible assets (1) 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Purchase price, net of cash acquired 

(1) Includes million for definite-lived customer relationship assets with a year estimated useful life and million for a definite-lived trade name asset with a year estimated useful life, which are recorded in other intangible assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The estimated fair value for contingent consideration payable to sellers is estimated using the real options method. WestEnd net revenue growth is simulated in a risk-neutral framework to calculate expected probability-weighted earn out payments, which are then discounted from the expected payment dates at the relevant cost of debt. Significant assumptions and inputs include the WestEnd net revenue projected annual growth rate, the market price of risk, which adjusts the projected revenue growth rate to a risk-neutral expected growth rate, revenue volatility and discount rate. The market price of risk and revenue volatility are based on data for comparable companies. As the contingent consideration represents a subordinate, unsecured claim of the Company, the Company assesses a discount rate which incorporates adjustments for credit risk and the subordination of the contingent consideration. A maximum of million million per year) is payable to sellers in contingent payments. The estimated fair value of contingent consideration payable to sellers was million at December 31, 2022 and million as of the acquisition date. year average annual growth rate 

Market price of risk adjustment for revenue (continuous) 

Revenue volatility 

Discount rate 

Years remaining in earn out period 

Undiscounted estimated remaining earn out payments millions 

- 

- 

As the WestEnd Acquisition was effective at market close on December 31, 2021, the Company s operating results for 2021 do not include WestEnd. The following Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations are provided for illustrative purposes only and assume that the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2020. This unaudited information should not be relied upon as indicative of historical results that would have been obtained if the acquisition had occurred on that date, nor of the results that may be obtained in the future. The historical consolidated financial information of the Company and WestEnd have been adjusted to give effect to unaudited pro forma events that are directly attributable to the WestEnd Acquisition. These amounts have been calculated after adjusting the results of WestEnd and the Company to reflect additional interest expense, intangible asset amortization, acquisition-related costs, transaction-related compensation costs and income taxes that would have been expensed assuming the WestEnd Acquisition was consummated on January 1, 2020. 

Net income 

Earnings per share of common stock 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

Acquisition-related costs Costs related to acquisitions of businesses and assets are summarized below and include legal and filing fees, advisory services, mutual fund proxy voting costs and other one time expenses related to the transactions. Included in USAA AMCO acquisition-related costs in 2021 is a liability for one-time payments for assets not acquired in the transaction. 

NEC 

- 

WestEnd 

- 

Other 

Total acquisition-related costs 

Restructuring and Integration Costs In connection with business combinations, asset purchases and changes in business strategy, the Company incurs costs integrating investment platforms, products and personnel into existing systems, processes and service provider arrangements and restructuring the business to capture operating expense synergies. The following table presents a rollforward of restructuring and integration liabilities, which as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Severance expense 

USAA AMCO Acquisition 

Other 

Contract termination expense 

Integration costs 

USAA AMCO Acquisition 

Other 

Restructuring and integration costs 

Settlement of liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Liability balance, end of period 

The following table presents assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Investments in proprietary funds 

Deferred compensation plan investments 

Interest rate swap 

Total financial assets 

Financial Liabilities 

Contingent consideration arrangements 

() 

() 

Total financial liabilities 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Financial Assets 

Investments in proprietary funds 

Deferred compensation plan investments 

Interest rate swap 

Total financial assets 

Financial Liabilities 

Contingent consideration arrangements (1) 

() 

() 

Total financial liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 (1) Contingent consideration arrangement liabilities of million plus million and million of consideration payable to sellers for net working capital adjustments for the NEC and WestEnd acquisitions, respectively, equal million in consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021. 
 Level 1 assets consist of money market funds and open-end mutual funds. The fair values for these assets are determined utilizing quoted market prices for identical assets. The interest rate swap (the Swap asset represents amounts receivable under a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap transaction entered into by the Company on March 27, 2020. The fair value of the Swap is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in other assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pricing was determined based on a third party, model-derived valuation in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets (Level 2). Refer to Note 12, Derivatives, for further detail on the Swap. Contingent consideration arrangements include the USAA AMCO and WestEnd earn-out payment liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Contingent consideration arrangements are included in consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Significant unobservable inputs for the option pricing model used to determine the estimated fair value of the USAA AMCO Acquisition earn-out payment liability include the non-managed money revenue projected growth rate, revenue volatility, market price of risk and discount rate. Significant unobservable inputs for the option pricing model used to determine the estimated fair value of the WestEnd Acquisition earn-out payment liability include the WestEnd net revenue projected growth rate, revenue volatility, market price of risk and discount rate. For both contingent consideration arrangements, an increase in the market price of risk, discount rate and revenue volatility results in a lower fair value for the earn-out payment liability, while an increase in the projected growth rate for revenue results in a higher fair value for the earn-out payment liability. Refer to Note 4, Acquisitions, for further details related to the valuation of contingent consideration payable related to the USAA AMCO Acquisition and WestEnd Acquisition. Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration arrangement liabilities, realized or unrealized, are recorded in earnings and are included in change in value of consideration payable for acquisition of business in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

USAA AMCO second annual earn-out payment 

() 

USAA AMCO change in fair value measurement 

WestEnd acquisition date contingent consideration liabilityUSAA AMCO change in fair value measurement 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

USAA AMCO third annual earn-out payment 

() 

USAA AMCO change in fair value measurement 

() 

WestEnd change in fair value measurement 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

There were transfers between any of the Level 1, 2 and 3 categories in the fair value measurement hierarchy for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recognizes transfers at the end of the reporting period. The net carrying value of accounts receivable and accounts payable approximates fair value due to the short term nature of these assets and liabilities. The fair value of our long-term debt at December 31, 2022 is considered to be its carrying value as the interest rate on the bank debt is variable and approximates current market rates. As a result, Level 2 inputs are utilized to determine the fair value of our long term debt. 

 Included in receivables (investment management fees) are amounts due from the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares, Victory Collective Funds and other pooled investment vehicles for investment management services. 

 Included in receivables (fund administration and distribution fees) are amounts due from the Victory Funds and USAA Funds for fund administration services and compliance services, amounts due from the VictoryShares for fund administration services, amounts due from the USAA Funds for transfer agent services, amounts due from the Victory Funds for sub-transfer agent services and amounts invoiced to the NEC Funds for costs paid by VCM. 

 Included in prepaid expenses are amounts paid by VCM that will be invoiced to the NEC Funds in the following period. 

 Included in revenue (investment management) are amounts earned for investment management services provided to the Victory Funds, the USAA Funds, the VictoryShares, the Victory Collective Funds, the NEC Funds and other pooled investment vehicles. 

 Included in revenue (fund administration and distribution fees) are amounts earned for fund administration and compliance services, transfer agent services and sub-transfer agent services. 

 Realized and unrealized gains and losses and dividend income on investments in the Victory Funds and USAA Funds classified as investments in proprietary funds and deferred compensation plan investments and dividend income on investments in the USAA Treasury Money Market Fund are recorded in interest income and other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 Amounts due to the Victory Funds, USAA Funds, VictoryShares and other pooled investment vehicles for waivers of investment management fees and reimbursements of fund operating expenses are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and represent consideration payable to customers. 

Receivables (investment management fees) 

Receivables (fund administration and distribution fees) 

Prepaid expenses 

Investments (investments in proprietary funds, fair value) 

Investments (deferred compensation plan investments, fair value) 

Total 

Related party liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses (fund reimbursements) 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Related party revenue 

Investment management fees 

Fund administration and distribution fees 

Total 

Related party expense 

General and administrative 

Related party other income (expense) 

Interest income (expense) and other income (expense) 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

For the year ending December 31, 2021 

For the year ending December 31, 2020 

() 

Deferred Compensation Plan Investments 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

For the year ending December 31, 2021 

() 

For the year ending December 31, 2020 

() 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Total 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Goodwill recorded in NEC acquisition 

Goodwill recorded in WestEnd acquisition 

Balance, end of period 

There were impairments to goodwill recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. Identifiable Intangible Assets 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net book value - December 31, 2021 

Weighted average useful life (yrs) 

Gross book value - December 31, 2022 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net book value - December 31, 2022 

Weighted average useful life (yrs) 

Amortization expense for definite lived intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, and is recorded in depreciation and amortization within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were no impairments to definite-lived intangible assets recognized in 2022, 2021 or 2020. The following table presents estimated amortization expense for definite lived intangible assets for each of the five succeeding years and thereafter: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Additions or transfers 

December 31, 2021 balance 

Additions or transfers 

December 31, 2022 balance 

There were impairments to indefinite-lived intangible assets recognized in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

 102 
 
 Table of Contents 

State 

Foreign 

() 

Total current tax expense 

Deferred tax expense (benefit): 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax expense 

Income tax expense 

As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had liability for unrecognized tax benefits. During 2020, the Company recognized all of the million of unrecognized tax benefits established in prior years as a result of settlements with state taxing authorities. The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 differs from the United States federal statutory rate primarily as a result of state and local income taxes and excess tax benefits on share-based compensation. 

State income tax rate, net of federal tax benefit 

Excess tax benefits on share-based compensation 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign taxes and other 

() 

Income tax expense 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amount used for income tax reporting purposes. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers the reversal of deferred tax liabilities as well as projections of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences are expected to reverse. Based on the consideration of these facts, the Company believes it is more likely than not that all of its gross deferred tax assets will be realized in the future, and as a result has not recorded a valuation allowance on these amounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Share-based compensation expense 

Acquisition-related costs 

Deferred compensation 

Restructuring expenses 

Contingent consideration arrangements 

Goodwill 

Unrealized loss on deferred compensation investments 

R E expenditures 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Indefinite-lived intangibles 

Goodwill 

Debt issuance costs 

Depreciation 

OCI - Swap liability and cumulative translation adjustment 

Prepaid expenses 

Unrealized gain on deferred compensation investments 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by federal and certain state and local tax regulators. As of December 31, 2022, U.S. federal income tax returns for 2019, 2020 and 2021 are open and therefore subject to examination. State and local income tax returns filed are generally subject to examination from 2018 to 2021. We have analyzed our tax positions for all open years and have concluded that no additional provision for income tax is required in the consolidated financial statements. The Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase in the next twelve months. 

 term loan in an aggregate principal amount of billion (the 2019 Term Loans and established a revolving credit facility (which was unfunded as of the closing date) with aggregate commitments of million (with a million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit). Amounts outstanding under the 2019 Credit Agreement accrued interest at an annual rate equal to, at the option of the Company, either LIBOR (adjusted for reserves) plus a margin of or an alternate base rate plus a margin of . The obligations of the Company under the 2019 Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company s domestic subsidiaries (other than VCS) (the Guarantors and secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantors, subject in each case to certain customary exceptions. The 2019 Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that affect, among other things, the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, merge or dissolve, make investments, dispose of assets, engage in sale and leaseback transactions, make distributions and dividends and prepayments of junior indebtedness, engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into restrictive agreements, amend documentation governing junior indebtedness, modify its fiscal year and modify its organizational documents, subject to customary exceptions, thresholds, qualifications and baskets. In addition, the 2019 Credit Agreement contains a financial performance covenant, requiring a maximum first lien leverage ratio, measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter on which outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility exceed of the commitments thereunder (excluding certain letters of credit), of no greater than to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and the Company was in compliance with its financial performance covenant. 2020 Debt Refinancing (First Amendment) On January 17, 2020, the Company entered into the First Amendment (the First Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement with the other loan parties thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the Royal Bank of Canada as fronting bank. Pursuant to the First Amendment, the Company refinanced the 2019 Term Loans with replacement term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million (the 2020 Term Loans ). The 2020 Term Loans provided for substantially the same terms as the 2019 Term Loans, including the same maturity date of , except that the basis points. The applicable margin on LIBOR under the 2020 Term Loans was , compared to under the 2019 Term Loans. The Company incurred costs of million related to the First Amendment which were recorded in general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recognized a million loss on debt extinguishment in 2020 due to the repayments and repurchases of term loan principal, which consisted of the write-off of million and million of unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discount, respectively, net of a gain on repurchase of million. In 2020, a total of million of the outstanding term loans under the 2019 Credit Agreement was repaid or repurchased and retired. 2021 Debt Repricing (Second Amendment) On February 18, 2021, the Company entered into the Second Amendment (the Second Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement with the other loan parties thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the Royal Bank of Canada as fronting bank. Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Company repriced the 2020 Term Loans with replacement term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million (the Repriced Term Loans ). The Repriced Term Loans provide for substantially the same terms as the 2020 Term Loans, including the same maturity date of July 2026 , except that the basis points . The applicable margin on LIBOR under the Repriced Term Loans was , compared to under the 2020 Term Loans. The Company incurred costs of million related to the Second Amendment, which were recorded in general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 2021 Incremental Term Loans (Third Amendment) On December 31, 2021, the Company entered into the Third Amendment (the Third Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement with the guarantors party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto from time to time. Pursuant to the Third Amendment, the Company obtained incremental term loans (the 2021 Incremental Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount of million and used the proceeds to fund the acquisition (the WestEnd Acquisition of of the equity interest of WestEnd Advisors, LLC WestEnd and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. and, until the Fourth Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement, accrued interest at an annual rate equal to, at the option of the Company, either LIBOR (adjusted for reserves and subject to a basis point floor) plus a margin of or an alternate base rate plus a margin of . Original issue discount was million for the 2021 Incremental Term Loans. The Company incurred a total of million of other third party costs related to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, which were recorded as term loan debt issuance costs. 2022 LIBOR to Term SOFR Rate Transition (Fourth Amendment) On September 23, 2022, the Company entered into the Fourth Amendment (the Fourth Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement to change the interest rate on its debt from LIBOR to a rate based on the secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus a ten-basis point credit spread adjustment. There was no change to the applicable margin on the referenced rate as a result of the Fourth Amendment. The LIBOR rate loans outstanding as of the Fourth Amendment s effective date continued as LIBOR rate loans until the end of their then current interest periods. The 2021 Incremental Term Loans converted into Term SOFR loans on September 30, 2022, while the Repriced Term Loans converted into Term SOFR loans on October 6, 2022. Also on October 6, 2022, the interest periods for the Repriced Term Loans and 2021 Incremental Term Loans were aligned and the three-month Term SOFR rate was elected for all the Company s term loans. interest rate 

Due July 2026, interest rate 

Due December 2028, interest rate 

Due December 2028, interest rate 

Term loan principal outstanding 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Unamortized debt discount 

() 

() 

Long-term debt 

Debt issuance costs related to the 2019 Credit Agreement totaled million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and are reflected net of accumulated amortization and loss on debt extinguishment of million and million, respectively. Debt issuance costs of million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to the revolving credit facility are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are reflected net of accumulated amortization and loss on debt extinguishment of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Debt discount related to the Term Loans totaled million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is reflected net of accumulated amortization and loss on debt extinguishment of million and million, respectively. In 2022, repayments of outstanding term loan principal and open market term loan debt repurchases and retirements totaled million. The Company recognized a million loss on debt extinguishment in 2022 due to the repayments and repurchases of term loan principal, which consisted of the write-off of million and million of unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discount, respectively, net of a million gain on repurchases. In 2021, a total of million of the outstanding term loans under the 2019 Credit Agreement was repaid or repurchased and retired. The Company recognized a million loss on debt extinguishment in 2021 due to the repayments and repurchases of term loan principal, which consisted of the write-off of million and million of unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discount, respectively. 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Amortization of debt discount 

Interest rate swap (income) expense 

() 

Other 

Total 

million notional value, the July 1, 2026 expiration date, the quarterly payment frequency or the designated three-month maturity from the Swap Amendment. The interest rate effectively fixed by the Swap on million of the Company s outstanding term loan debt through changed from to as a result of the amendment to the Swap. The Company elected to apply certain optional expedients available under ASC 848 providing relief from contract modification and hedge accounting requirements to the amendments to the Swap agreement. As a result, the Company was not required to evaluate whether the modifications to the Swap agreement resulted in the establishment of a new contract or the continuation of an existing contract and elected not to remeasure the contract at the modification date or reassess its previous accounting determination. The modified contract is accounted for, and presented as, a continuation of the existing contract. The Company also elected to change the contractual terms of the Swap without dedesignating the existing hedging relationship and redesignating a new hedging relationship. The designation of a derivative instrument as a hedge and its ability to meet the hedge accounting criteria determine how the Company reflects the change in fair value of the derivative instrument. A derivative qualifies for hedge accounting treatment if, at inception, it meets defined correlation and effectiveness criteria. These criteria require that the anticipated cash flows and/or changes in fair value of the hedging instrument substantially offset those of the position being hedged. The Swap is assessed for effectiveness and continued qualification for hedge accounting on a quarterly basis. Since inception, the Swap was deemed to be highly effective. The Swap is designated as a cash flow hedge. Accordingly, the Swap is measured at fair value with mark-to-market gains or losses deferred and included in AOCI(L), net of tax, to the extent the hedge is determined to be effective. Gains or losses from the Swap are reclassified to interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The amount receivable from the Swap counterparty at December 31, 2022 of million is recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amount payable to the Swap counterparty at December 31, 2021 of million is recorded in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Balance Sheets 
 Description 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Other assets 
 Fair value of interest rate swap 

Notional amount 

Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 

Statements of Operations 
 Description 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest income (expense) and other financing costs 
 Income (loss) reclassified from AOCI(L) 

() 

() 

Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 

Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Description 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Income (loss) recognized in AOCI(L), net of tax 

() 

interest voting share and income share in Alderwood and made a capital contribution to Alderwood of million in cash. The Company also committed to contribute additional capital of million to Alderwood and million to a private fund to be launched by Alderwood, subject to certain terms and conditions. Alderwood s operating entity, Alderwood Capital, was a London-based investment advisory firm focused on taking minority stakes in specialist boutique asset management businesses. In January 2022, the Company signed an amendment to the Alderwood members agreement Alderwood Amendment and made an additional million capital contribution to Alderwood. The Alderwood Amendment reduced the Company s commitment to contribute additional capital to Alderwood from million to million. In July 2022, Alderwood decided to wind down its business and operations, including the business and operations of its private fund. On July 31, 2022, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary retired as a member of Alderwood thereby terminating the Company s commitment to contribute an additional million in capital to Alderwood and million in capital to Alderwood s private fund. Alderwood returned the million in capital contributed to Alderwood pursuant to the Alderwood Amendment, and the Company recognized a loss on disposal of its investment in Alderwood of million. Given the level of ownership interest in Alderwood, an English limited liability partnership, and the fact that Alderwood maintained specific ownership accounts for investors, the Company accounted for its investment in Alderwood using the equity method of accounting. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, losses from equity method investments recorded in interest income and other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations were million, million and million, respectively. Equity method investments are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2022, the Company longer held an equity investment in Alderwood million as of December 31, 2021). 

 shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, shares of Class B common stock, par value per share, and shares of blank check preferred stock, par value per share. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock were identical, except voting and conversion rights. Each share of Class A common stock was entitled to vote. Each share of Class B common stock was entitled to votes. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock and Class B common stock would generally vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by law or the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Each share of Class B common stock was convertible into share of the Company s Class A common stock at any time, at the option of the holder, and would convert automatically upon termination of employment by an employee shareholder and upon transfers (subject to certain exceptions). Shares of Class B common stock would convert automatically into shares of Class A common stock at a one to one ratio upon the date the number of shares of Class B common stock then outstanding (including unvested restricted shares) was less than of the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding (including unvested restricted shares). In September 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved the elimination of the Company s dual-class share structure, which was subsequently approved by the Company s stockholders on November 19, 2021. On November 23, 2021 (the Effective Date ), the Company filed an amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizing capital stock consisting of shares of common stock, par value per share Common Stock and shares of blank check preferred stock, par value per share. Each share of the Company s Class A common stock issued and outstanding or held as treasury stock immediately prior to the Effective Date was renamed as Common Stock and became one share of Common Stock. For comparative purposes, we now refer to each share of stock that was previously known as Class A common stock as Common Stock. . As a result, the Company currently has one class of common stock entitling the holder to vote per share. shares of preferred stock were issued as of December 31, 2022. Share Rollforward 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Conversion of Class B shares to Common Stock 

() 

Repurchase of shares 

() 

Vesting of restricted share grants 

Exercise of options 

Shares withheld related to net settlement of equity awards 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of shares 

Conversion of Class B shares to Common Stock 

() 

Repurchase of shares 

() 

Vesting of restricted share grants 

Exercise of options 

Shares withheld related to net settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

Elimination of Class B share class 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

Issuance of shares 

Repurchase of shares 

() 

Vesting of restricted share grants 

Exercise of options 

Shares withheld related to net settlement of equity awards 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

Shares Repurchased and Withheld Share Repurchase Program Six share repurchase programs were authorized from 2018 to 2021, each for million of the Company s Common Stock, that were completed in September 2019, June 2020, October 2020, May 2021, January 2022 and May 2022. On May 5, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program authorizing the repurchase of up to million of the Company s Common Stock. Under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program, which took effect in May 2022, the Company may purchase its shares from time to time until in privately negotiated transactions, through block trades, pursuant to open market purchases, or pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the SEC. The amount and timing of purchases under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program will depend on a number of factors including the price and availability of the Company s shares, trading volume, capital availability, Company performance and general economic and market conditions. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program can be suspended or discontinued at any time. In 2022, the Company repurchased million shares of Common Stock at a total cost of million for an average price of per share. In 2021, million shares of Common Stock were repurchased under programs authorized by the Company s Board of Directors at a total cost of million for an average price of per share, and in 2020, the Company repurchased million shares of Common Stock at a total cost of million for an average price of per share. As of December 31, 2022, a total of million was available for future repurchases under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program, and a cumulative total of million shares of Common Stock had been repurchased under programs authorized by the Company s Board of Directors at a total cost of million for an average price of per share. Shares Withheld for net settlement of employee equity awards In 2022, the Company net settled million shares of Common Stock for million to satisfy 31.2 million in employee tax obligations and million in employee stock option exercise prices. In 2021 and 2020, million and million shares were net settled for million and million to satisfy million and million of employee tax obligations and million and million of employee stock option exercise prices, respectively. Dividend Payments Dividends paid or payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled million and included quarterly dividends of million and cash bonuses and distributions related to dividends previously declared upon vesting of restricted stock and stock option awards of million. Dividends paid or payable for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 totaled million and million and included quarterly dividends of million and million and cash bonuses and distributions related to dividends previously declared upon vesting of restricted stock and stock option awards of million and million, respectively. 

 further grants will be made under the 2013 Plan. The 2018 Plan authorizes the grant of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance awards and other awards that may be settled in or based upon shares of the Company s Common Stock. A total of of Common Stock is available for issuance under the 2018 Plan, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company s board of directors. Shares underlying awards that are settled in cash, expire or are canceled, forfeited or otherwise terminated without delivery to a participant will again be available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. In addition, shares withheld or surrendered in connection with the payment of an exercise price of an award or to satisfy tax withholding will again be available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, shares of Common Stock remained available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. The Compensation Committee of the Company s board of directors approves the terms and conditions for offerings under the ESPP Plan. A total of shares of Common Stock was available for issuance under the ESPP Plan. As of December 31, 2022, shares of Common Stock remained available for issuance under the ESPP Plan. Under the Company s approved offerings under the ESPP Plan, shares of Common Stock are available for purchase at calendar intervals at a percent discount from the market price on the purchase date, which is the last day of each calendar quarter during the offering period. Amounts purchased by an individual cannot exceed worth of stock in any given calendar year. The ESPP Plan is a non-compensatory plan and includes no option features other than employees may change their contributions or withdraw from the plan once during each six month offering period during a specified time approved by the Company. All U.S.-based employees are eligible to participate in the ESPP. Grant Activity In 2022, the company issued grants for restricted shares of Common Stock under the 2018 Plan. The 2022 grants included grants for restricted shares of Common Stock that were fully vested on the grant date, grants for restricted shares of Common Stock that vest over , restricted shares of Common Stock that vest over , restricted shares of Common Stock that vest over , and restricted shares that vest based on performance conditions. stock option awards were issued in 2022. In 2021, the Company issued grants for restricted shares of Common Stock under the 2018 Plan. The 2021 grants included grants for restricted shares of Common Stock that were fully vested on the grant date, grants for restricted shares of Common Stock that vest over and restricted shares of Common Stock that vest over . stock option awards were issued in 2021. In 2020, the Company issued grants for restricted shares of Common Stock under the 2018 Plan, which included grants for restricted shares of Common Stock that were fully vested on the grant date, grants for restricted shares of Common Stock that vest over and restricted shares of Common Stock that vest over . stock option awards were issued in 2020. 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Exercised 

() 

() 

() 

Outstanding at end of the period 

Vested 

Unvested 

Total intrinsic value of stock options exercised in 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Unvested at end of period 

Share based compensation expense for equity awards is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award, and recognized over the requisite employee service period. Stock option awards have a contractual life. The Company uses the Common Stock closing price on the grant date as the grant date fair value of restricted share awards. For stock option awards, the grant date fair value of stock option awards is computed using Black Scholes option pricing framework. Share-based Compensation Expense The Company recorded million, million and million of share-based compensation expense related to the 2018 Plan and 2013 Plan in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Share-based compensation expense is recorded in personnel compensation and benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The related tax benefits were million for 2022 and 2021 and million for 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company expects to recognize total share-based compensation expense of million over a weighted average period of years. The total fair value of restricted share awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options currently exercisable at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities (2) 

Noncurrent portion of operating lease liabilities (2) 

Total operating lease liabilities 

(1) ROU assets are recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 (2) Current portion and noncurrent portion of operating lease liabilities are recorded in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

December 31, 2022 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 
 years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Gross lease cost 

Sub-lease income 

() 

Net lease cost 

Other lease information 

Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities 

Operating cash flows for operating leases 

Our leases have remaining lease terms of year to years. These leases generally contain renewal options for periods ranging from two to five years . Because the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise these renewal options, the options are not considered in determining the lease term and associated potential option payments are excluded from lease payments. Expenses associated with operating leases are recorded in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Variable lease costs, such as utilities and common area maintenance charges, are excluded from lease liabilities and expensed as incurred. The variable lease costs are determined based on terms in the lease contracts and primarily relate to usage of the ROU asset and services received from the lessor. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities 

million, million and million in employer matched contributions, respectively. The Company sponsors a deferred compensation plan for key investment professionals and executives Employee DC Plan as a means to reward and motivate them. The Company purchases mutual funds as directed by the plan participants to fund its related obligations. Such securities are held in a rabbi trust for the participants, and under the terms of the trust agreement, the assets of the trust are available to satisfy the claims of the Company s general creditors in the event of bankruptcy. Effective January 1, 2020, the Company created a deferred compensation plan for non-employee members of our board of directors (the Director DC Plan ). Benefits payable under the Director DC Plan are payable from the Company s general assets. Amounts contributed under the Director DC Plan and earnings on those amounts are subject to the claims of the Company s general creditors. Gains and losses from fluctuations in value of deferred compensation plan investments are included in interest income and other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and are offset entirely by the corresponding changes in value of the deferred compensation liability. Changes in the value of the Employee DC Plan and Director DC Plan liabilities are recorded in personnel compensation and benefits and general and administrative expense, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Investments held under both deferred compensation plans are recorded in deferred compensation plan investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Employer contributions 

Change in value of deferred compensation plan liability 

() 

Total 

() 

Expense related to the Director DC plan was de minimis for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Shares: 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Assumed conversion of dilutive instruments 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Earnings per share 

Basic: 

Diluted: 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the number of outstanding instruments excluded from the above computations of weighted average shares for diluted earnings per share because the effects would be anti dilutive was de minimis. Holders of non vested share based compensation awards do not have rights to receive nonforfeitable dividends on the shares covered by the awards. 

 million, which was million in excess of its minimum required net capital of million. At December 31, 2021, VCS had net capital under the Rule 15c3 1 of million, which was million in excess of its minimum required net capital of million. The Company's ratio of aggregate indebtedness to net capital at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was to 1 and to 1, respectively. Capital requirements may limit the amount of cash available for dividend from VCS to the parent company. VCS's cash and cash equivalents are generally not available for corporate purposes. 

() 

Tax impact 

() 

Reclassification adjustments, before tax 

Tax impact 

() 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification and tax 

() 

Tax impact 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustments, before tax 

Tax impact 

() 

() 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassification and tax 

() 

Tax impact 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustments, before tax 

() 

() 

Tax impact 

Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

(1) Reclassifications out of AOCI(L) related to cash flow hedges are recorded in interest expense and other financing costs 

per share on Victory common stock. The dividend is payable on , to stockholders of record on . On January 26, 2023, the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company voted to add Vice Admiral Mary Jackson to the Board as a Class II Director. Vice Admiral Jackson has over three decades of service in the United States Navy and currently serves on public and private company boards. Vice Admiral Jackson does not have any family relationships with any of the Company s other officers or directors and does not have any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Vice Admiral Jackson will receive standard directors fees. In February 2023, the remaining million of WestEnd Acquisition escrow funds were released to sellers. 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Acco untants on Accounting and 	Financial Disclosure. 
 None 
 115 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 9A. Control s and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Regulations under the Exchange Act require public companies, including us, to maintain disclosure controls and procedures, which are defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) to mean a company s controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required or necessary disclosures. 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. 
 Based on the evaluation of the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures by our management as of December 31, 2022, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. Based on our evaluation under the COSO framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm with respect to our internal control over financial reporting due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Regulations under the Exchange Act require public companies, including our company, to evaluate any change in our internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a 15(f) and Rule 15d 15(f) of the Exchange Act. In connection with their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer did not identify any change in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. 	Other Information. 
 None 
 116 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our definitive proxy statement required to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our definitive proxy statement required to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management 	and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our definitive proxy statement required to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director 	Independence. 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our definitive proxy statement required to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun tant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our definitive proxy statement required to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 117 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Finan cial Statement Schedules. 
 (1) Financial Statements: The information required by this Item is contained in Item 8 of Part II of this report. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: None 

(3) Exhibits: See Exhibit Index 

Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 
 None 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

3.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-38388, dated November 23, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Class A common stock certificate (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

4.2 
 
 Form of Class B common stock certificate (Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Shareholders Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

4.4 
 
 Employee Shareholders Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2018 (Filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

4.5 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K, File No. 001-38388, on March 13, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.2 + 
 
 Form of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.3 
 
 Form of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

118 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.4 + 
 
 Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 + 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.6 + 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.7 + 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.8 + 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.9 + 
 
 Victory Capital Management Inc. Severance Pay Plan and Summary Plan Description (Filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.10 + 
 
 Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. Bonus Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.11 + 
 
 Victory Capital Management Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.12 + 
 
 First Amendment to the Victory Capital Management Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.13 + 
 
 First Addendum to the Victory Capital Management Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.14 + 
 
 Second Amendment to the Victory Capital Management Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.15 + 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice under the Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.16 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Shares Grant Notice under the Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.17 + 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice under the Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.18 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Shares Grant Notice under the Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.19 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2018, among Victory Capital Holdings, Inc., as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada, as 

119 
 
 Table of Contents 

administrative agent and collateral agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-38388, dated February 15, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.20 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2018 among, inter alios, the Company, the other loan parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada, in its capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent for the secured parties (in such capacities, the Administrative Agent ), which amends the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2018 among the Company, the lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-38388, dated May 8, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.21 + 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. and David C. Brown, dated as of March 20, 2017 (Filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Report on Form S-1/A, File No. 333-222509, dated February 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.23 
 
 Amended and Restated Commitment Letter, dated as of September 24, 2018, by and among Royal Bank of Canada, Barclays Bank PLC and Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-38388, dated September 27, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.24 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated November 6, 2018, by and among the Company, USAA Investment Corporation and, for certain limited purposes, USAA Capital Corporation (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-38388, dated November 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) . 

10.25 
 
 Commitment Letter, dated as of November 6, 2018, by and among Barclays Bank PLC, Royal Bank of Canada, and Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-38388, dated November 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.27 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Purchase Agreement with USAA Investment Corporation and USAA Capital Corporation, dated as of June 28, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-38388, on July 1, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.28 
 
 2019 Credit Agreement among the Company, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, dated as of July 1, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-38388, on July 1, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.29 + 
 
 Third Amendment to the Victory Capital Management Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, dated as of July 29, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-38388, on August 13, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.30 + 
 
 Amendment and Restatement of the Victory Capital Management Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, dated as of November 13, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-38388, on November 13, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.31 + 
 
 Amendment and Restatement of the Victory Capital Management Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, dated as of March 11, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K, File No. 001-38388, on March 13, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.32 + 
 
 Victory Capital Management Inc. Director Deferred Compensation Plan dated as of December 12, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K, File No. 001-38388, on March 13, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.33 
 
 Second Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement dated as of February 18, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-38388, on February 18, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.34 
 
 Victory Capital Management Inc. Director Deferred Compensation Plan dated as of December 12, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K, File No. 001-38388, on March 13, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 

120 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.35 
 
 Underwriting Agreement dated as of November 17, 2021 (Filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-38388, dated November 22, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.36 
 
 Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2021, by and among the company, WestEnd Advisors, LLC, and the other parties listed thereto (filed as Exhibit 2.1 on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-38388, on November 8, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.37 
 
 Third Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement dated as of December 31, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-38388, on January 5, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.38 
 
 Fourth Amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement dated as of September 23, 2022. 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 The following information formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Audited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) Audited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iii) Audited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iv) Audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (v) Audited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and (vi) Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 + This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 121 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 6th day of March, 2023. 

VICTORY CAPITAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ DAVID C. BROWN 

Name: 
 
 David C. Brown 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ DAVID C. BROWN David C. Brown 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ MICHAEL D. POLICARPO Michael D. Policarpo 
 
 President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ MILTON R. BERLINSKI Milton R. Berlinski 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ ROBERT DELANEY Robert Delaney 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ LAWRENCE DAVANZO Lawrence Davanzo 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ RICHARD M. DEMARTINI Richard M. DeMartini 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ JAMES B. HAWKES James B. Hawkes 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ ROBERT J. HURST Robert J. Hurst 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ KARIN HIRTLER GARVEY Karin Hirtler Garvey 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ MARY JACKSON Mary Jackson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

/s/ ALAN H. RAPPAPORT Alan H. Rappaport 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

122 

<EX-10>
 2
 vctr-ex10_38.htm
 EX-10.38

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.38 
 
 Execution Version, conformed through First Amendment dated as of January 17, 2020 and , Second Amendment, dated as of February 18, 2021 , Third Amendment dated as of December 31, 2021 and Fourth Amendment dated as of September 23, 2022 
 and Third Amendment dated as of December 31, 2021 

CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of July 1, 2019 among VICTORY CAPITAL HOLDINGS, INC., as Borrower, THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO, as Lenders, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and an Issuing Bank, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS and BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP., as Joint Term Lead Arrangers and Joint Term Bookrunners, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP., KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc. and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Joint Revolving Lead Arrangers and Joint Revolving Bookrunners, and BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Syndication Agent 

LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Table of Contents 
 	Page 
 
 RBC Capital Markets is a brand name for the capital markets activities of Royal Bank of Canada and its affiliates. 
 
 ii 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Table of Contents 
 	Page 
 ARTICLE 1 	 DEFINITIONS	1 
 Section 1.01. 	 Defined Terms	1 
 Section 1.02. 	 Classification of Loans and Borrowings	 65 70 
 Section 1.03. 	 Terms Generally	 65 70 
 Section 1.04. 	 Accounting Terms; GAAP	 66 71 
 Section 1.05. 	 Effectuation of Transactions	 67 72 
 Section 1.06. 	 Timing of Payment or Performance	 67 72 
 Section 1.07. 	 Times of Day	 67 72 
 Section 1.08. 	 Cashless Rollovers	 67 72 
 Section 1.09. 	 Certain Calculations and Tests	 68 73 
 Section 1.10. 	 Divisions	 69 74 
 Section 1.11. 	 Successor LIBO Rate Index 69 [Reserved] 	 74 
 Section 1.12. 	 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 	 75 
 ARTICLE 2 	 THE CREDITS	 70 76 
 Section 2.01. 	 Commitments	 70 76 
 Section 2.02. 	 Loans and Borrowings	 70 78 
 Section 2.03. 	 Requests for Borrowings	 71 78 
 Section 2.04. 	 Swingline Loans	 72 79 
 Section 2.05. 	 Letters of Credit	 74 81 
 Section 2.06. 	 [Reserved]	 79 86 
 Section 2.07. 	 Funding of Borrowings	 79 86 
 Section 2.08. 	 Type; Interest Elections	 80 87 
 Section 2.09. 	 Termination and Reduction of Commitments	 81 88 
 Section 2.10. 	 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt	 81 89 
 Section 2.11. 	 Prepayment of Loans	 83 91 
 Section 2.12. 	 Fees	 89 96 
 Section 2.13. 	 Interest	 90 98 
 Section 2.14. 	 Alternate Rate of Interest	 91 99 
 Section 2.15. 	 Increased Costs	 91 99 
 Section 2.16. 	 Break Funding Payments	 93 101 
 Section 2.17. 	 Taxes	 93 101 
 Section 2.18. 	 Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Payments	 97 104 
 Section 2.19. 	 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders	 98 106 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Table of Contents (Cont.) 
 	Page 
 Section 2.20. 	 Illegality	 100 108 
 Section 2.21. 	 Defaulting Lenders	 100 108 
 Section 2.22. 	 Incremental Credit Extensions	 103 111 
 Section 2.23. 	 Extensions of Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments	 107 115 
 Section 2.24. 	 Inability to Determine Rates	 110 118 
 ARTICLE 3 	 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES	 111 119 
 Section 3.01. 	 Organization; Powers	 111 119 
 Section 3.02. 	 Authorization; Enforceability	 111 119 
 Section 3.03. 	 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts	 111 119 
 Section 3.04. 	 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect	 111 119 
 Section 3.05. 	 Properties	 112 120 
 Section 3.06. 	 Litigation and Environmental Matters	 112 120 
 Section 3.07. 	 Compliance with Laws	 112 120 
 Section 3.08. 	 Investment Company Status	 113 121 
 Section 3.09. 	 Taxes	 113 121 
 Section 3.10. 	 ERISA	 113 121 
 Section 3.11. 	 Disclosure	 113 121 
 Section 3.12. 	 Solvency	 114 122 
 Section 3.13. 	 Capitalization and Subsidiaries	 114 122 
 Section 3.14. 	 Security Interest in Collateral	 114 122 
 Section 3.15. 	 Labor Disputes	 114 122 
 Section 3.16. 	 Federal Reserve Regulations	 114 122 
 Section 3.17. 	 Senior Indebtedness	 114 122 
 Section 3.18. 	 Use of Proceeds	 114 122 
 Section 3.19. 	 OFAC; PATRIOT ACT and FCPA	 114 122 
 Section 3.20. 	 Certain Regulatory Matters.	 115 123 
 ARTICLE 4 	 CONDITIONS	 116 124 
 Section 4.01. 	 Closing Date	 116 124 
 Section 4.02. 	 Each Credit Extension	 119 127 
 ARTICLE 5 	 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS	 120 128 
 Section 5.01. 	 Financial Statements and Other Reports	 120 128 
 Section 5.02. 	 Existence	 123 131 
 Section 5.03. 	 Payment of Taxes	 124 132 
 Section 5.04. 	 Maintenance of Properties	 124 132 
 ii 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Table of Contents (Cont.) 
 	Page 
 Section 5.05. 	 Insurance	 124 132 
 Section 5.06. 	 Inspections	 124 132 
 Section 5.07. 	 Maintenance of Book and Records	 125 133 
 Section 5.08. 	 Compliance with Laws	 125 133 
 Section 5.09. 	 Designation of Subsidiaries	 125 133 
 Section 5.10. 	 Use of Proceeds	 126 134 
 Section 5.11. 	 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security	 126 134 
 Section 5.12. 	 Maintenance of Ratings	 128 136 
 Section 5.13. 	 Further Assurances	 128 136 
 ARTICLE 6 	 NEGATIVE COVENANTS	 129 137 
 Section 6.01. 	 Indebtedness	 129 137 
 Section 6.02. 	 Liens	 134 142 
 Section 6.03. 	 [Reserved]	 138 146 
 Section 6.04. 	 Restricted Payments; Restricted Debt Payments	 138 146 
 Section 6.05. 	 Burdensome Agreements	 142 151 
 Section 6.06. 	 [Reserved]	 144 152 
 Section 6.07. 	 Fundamental Changes; Disposition of Assets	 144 152 
 Section 6.08. 	 Sale and Lease-Back Transactions	 148 156 
 Section 6.09. 	 Transactions with Affiliates	 148 156 
 Section 6.10. 	 Lines of Business	 150 158 
 Section 6.11. 	 Amendments or Waivers of Organizational Documents	 150 158 
 Section 6.12. 	 Amendments of or Waivers with Respect to Restricted Debt	 150 158 
 Section 6.13. 	 Fiscal Year	 150 158 
 Section 6.14. 	 Financial Covenant	 150 158 
 ARTICLE 7 	 EVENTS OF DEFAULT	 151 160 
 Section 7.01. 	 Events of Default	 151 160 
 ARTICLE 8 	 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT	 155 163 
 Section 8.01. 	 General Agency Provisions	 155 163 
 Section 8.02. 	 Certain ERISA Matters	 162 171 
 ARTICLE 9 	 MISCELLANEOUS	 164 172 
 Section 9.01. 	 Notices	 164 172 
 Section 9.02. 	 Waivers; Amendments	 166 175 
 Section 9.03. 	 Expenses; Indemnity	 172 181 
 Section 9.04. 	 Waiver of Claim	 174 182 
 iii 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Table of Contents (Cont.) 
 	Page 
 Section 9.05. 	 Successors and Assigns	 174 182 
 Section 9.06. 	 Survival	 182 190 
 Section 9.07. 	 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness	 182 191 
 Section 9.08. 	 Severability	 183 191 
 Section 9.09. 	 Right of Setoff	 183 191 
 Section 9.10. 	 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process	 183 192 
 Section 9.11. 	 Waiver of Jury Trial	 184 193 
 Section 9.12. 	 Headings	 184 193 
 Section 9.13. 	 Confidentiality	 184 193 
 Section 9.14. 	 No Fiduciary Duty	 186 194 
 Section 9.15. 	 Several Obligations	 186 195 
 Section 9.16. 	 USA PATRIOT Act	 186 195 
 Section 9.17. 	 Disclosure of Agent Conflicts	 186 195 
 Section 9.18. 	 Appointment for Perfection	 186 195 
 Section 9.19. 	 Interest Rate Limitation	 187 195 
 Section 9.20. 	 Conflicts	 187 195 
 Section 9.21. 	 Release of Loan Guarantors	 187 195 
 Section 9.22. 	 Judgment Currency	 187 196 
 Section 9.23. 	 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Affected Financial Institution 188 Institutions 	 196 
 Section 9.24. 	 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFC	 188 197 

iv 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

SCHEDULES: 

Schedule 1.01(a) 
 
 Commitment Schedule 

Schedule 1.01(b) 
 
 Dutch Auction 

Schedule 1.01(c) 
 
 Mortgages 

Schedule 1.01(d) 
 
 Existing Investments 

Schedule 1.01(f) 
 
 Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries 

Schedule 1.01(g) 
 
 Introducing Broker Subsidiaries 

Schedule 3.05(a) 
 
 Fee Owned Real Estate Assets 

Schedule 3.13 
 
 Subsidiaries 

Schedule 3.20 
 
 Certain Regulatory Matters 

Schedule 5.09 
 
 Unrestricted Subsidiaries 

Schedule 6.01(i) 
 
 Existing Indebtedness 

Schedule 6.02(l) 
 
 Existing Liens 

Schedule 6.07(bb) 
 
 Certain Dispositions 

Schedule 6.09(e) 
 
 Existing Transactions with Affiliates 

Schedule 9.01 
 
 Borrower s Website Address for Electronic Delivery 

EXHIBITS: 

Exhibit A-1 
 
 Form of Assignment and Assumption 

Exhibit A-2 
 
 Form of Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption 

Exhibit B 
 
 Form of Borrowing Request 

Exhibit C 
 
 Form of Compliance Certificate 

Exhibit D 
 
 Form of Interest Election Request 

Exhibit E 
 
 Form of Perfection Certificate 

Exhibit F 
 
 Form of Perfection Certificate Supplement 

Exhibit G 
 
 Form of Promissory Note 

Exhibit H 
 
 Form of Pledge and Security Agreement 

Exhibit I 
 
 Form of Guaranty Agreement 

Exhibit J-1 
 
 Form of Patent Security Agreement 

Exhibit J-2 
 
 Form of Trademark Security Agreement 

Exhibit J-3 
 
 Form of Copyright Security Agreement 

Exhibit K 
 
 Form of Letter of Credit Request 

Exhibit L-1 
 
 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Exhibit L-2 
 
 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Exhibit L-3 
 
 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Exhibit L-4 
 
 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Exhibit M 
 
 Form of Solvency Certificate 

Exhibit N 
 
 Form of Prepayment Notice 

LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of July 1, 2019 (this Agreement ), by and among Victory Capital Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders from time to time party hereto and Barclays Bank PLC Barclays ), as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacities, together with its successors and assigns in such capacities, the Administrative Agent ), a Swingline Lender and an Issuing Bank. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2018 (including the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Acquisition Agreement ), by and among the Borrower, USAA Investment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and, solely for the express purposes set therein, USAA Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation, on the Closing Date the Borrower will acquire (the Acquisition 100 of the outstanding equity interests of each of USAA Asset Management Company, a Delaware corporation USAA Adviser ), and USAA Transfer Agency Company, a Delaware corporation USAA Transfer Agent and, together with USAA Adviser, the Targets from the current equity-holders thereof (the Sellers ); 
 WHEREAS, in connection therewith, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders extend credit to the Borrower in the form of (a) Initial Term Loans made on the Closing Date in an aggregate principal amount of up to 1,100,000,000, the proceeds of which shall be used to finance all or a portion of the Transactions, and (b) Revolving Credit Commitments in an aggregate principal amount of 100,000,000, the proceeds of which shall be used to finance the working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries; 
 WHEREAS, in order to facilitate the Acquisition, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders authorize and ratify the Administrative Agent s actions to enter into the escrow arrangements contemplated by the Escrow Agreement prior to the Closing Date; and 
 WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing to extend credit to the Borrower as so requested, subject to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement (including the preamble and the recitals above), the following terms have the meanings specified below: 

2021 Incremental Term Loans means the 2021 Incremental Term Loans as defined in the Third Amendment. 
 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitment means the 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitments as defined in the Third Amendment. 
 2021 Incremental Term Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitment or 2021 Incremental Term Loan outstanding at such time. 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

2021 Incremental Term Loan Maturity Date means, the date that is seven years from the Third Amendment Effective Date. 
 2021 Incremental Term Loan Installment Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(g). 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 ABR Borrowing means any Borrowing at the Alternate Base Rate. 
 ABR Loan means a Loan that bears interest with reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 ABR Revolving Borrowing means any Borrowing of Revolving Loans at the Alternate Base Rate. 
 ABR Revolving Loan means a Revolving Loan that bears interest with reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Acceptable Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Applicable Rate. 
 Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement means an intercreditor agreement the terms of which are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders and the Borrower. 
 ACH means automated clearing house transfers. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided, that if Adjusted Term SOFR determined as provided above shall ever be less than 0.00 , then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be 0.00 , provided, further that, solely with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, if Adjusted Term SOFR determined as provided above shall ever be less than 0.50 , then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be 0.50 . 
 Acquisition has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals to this Agreement. 
 Acquisition Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals to this Agreement. 
 Additional Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Article 8 . 
 Additional Commitment means any commitment hereunder added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) . 
 Additional Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(b) . 
 Additional Loans means any Additional Revolving Loans and any Additional Term Loans. 
 Additional Revolving Credit Commitments means any revolving credit commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii) . 
 2 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Additional Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of all Additional Revolving Loans of such Lender, plus the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of such Lender s LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure attributable to its Additional Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 Additional Revolving Lender means any Lender with an Additional Revolving Credit Commitment or any Additional Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 Additional Revolving Loans means any revolving loan added hereunder pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii) . 
 Additional Term Lender means any Lender with an Additional Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Additional Term Loan. 
 Additional Term Loan Commitment means any term commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i) . 
 Additional Term Loans means any term loan added pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i) . 
 Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Administrative Questionnaire has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(d) . 
 Advisers Act means the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with, that Person. No Person shall be an Affiliate of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof solely because it is an unrelated portfolio company of any Sponsor and none of the Agents, any Lender (other than any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate) or any of their respective Affiliates shall be considered an Affiliate of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof. 
 Affiliated Lender means any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate, the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
 Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Affiliated Lender (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.05 and accepted by the Administrative Agent in the form of Exhibit A-2 or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Affiliated Lender Cap has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(g)(iv) . 
 Agents means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arrangers and the Syndication Agent. 
 Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Credit Agreement. 
 Agreement Currency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.22 . 
 3 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate , plus of 1.00 , (b) greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day and (c) LIBO Rate for a one month , (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus of 1.00 and (c) the sum of 1.00 plus Adjusted Term SOFR for an Interest Period as determined of one month on such day , plus 1.00 (or if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately preceding Business Day) ; provided that if the Prime Rate, Federal Funds Effective Rate or 1- Adjusted Term SOFR for an Interest Period of one month LIBO Rate is less than 0.00 , then such rate shall deemed to be 0.00 ; provided , further that, solely with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, if the Prime Rate, Federal Funds Effective Rate or 1- Adjusted Term SOFR for an Interest Period of one month LIBO Rate is less than 0.50 , then such rate shall be deemed to be 0.50 . ; provided, further that solely for purposes of the foregoing, Adjusted Term SOFR for any day shall be calculated using Adjusted Term SOFR for an Interest Period of one month on such day at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14, then the Alternate Base Rate shall be determined without regard to clause (b) or (c), as applicable, of the preceding sentence until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist. 
 Applicable Percentage means, (a) with respect to any Term Lender of any Class, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and unused Additional Term Loan Commitments of such Term Lender under the applicable Class and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and unused Term Commitments of all Term Lenders under the applicable Class and (b) with respect to any Revolving Lender of any Class, the percentage of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class represented by such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class; provided that for purposes of Section 2.21 and otherwise herein, when there is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment shall be disregarded for any relevant calculation. In the case of clause (b) , in the event that the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class have expired or been terminated, the Applicable Percentage of any Revolving Lender of such Class shall be determined on the basis of the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Revolving Lender attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class, giving effect to any assignment thereof. 
 Applicable Period has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Applicable Rate. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day: (a) (i) with respect to any Initial Term Loan prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, (A) that is an ABR Loan, 2.25 per annum or (B) that is a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan, 3.25 per annum, (ii) with respect to any Tranche B-1 Term Loan on and after the First Amendment Effective Date and prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, (A) that is an ABR Loan, 1.50 per annum or (B) that is a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan, 2.50 per annum, (iii) with respect to any Tranche B-2 Term Loan on and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, (A) that is an ABR Loan, 1.25 per annum or (B) that is a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan, 2.25 per annum and (iv) with respect to 2021 Incremental Term Loans, (A) that is an ABR Loan, 1.25 per annum or (B) that is a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan, 2.25 per annum; (b) with respect to any Initial Revolving Loan, that is an ABR Loan or a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan, the percentage per annum as set forth in the pricing grid below for the appropriate Level ; provided , however , that until the delivery of the financial statements and related Compliance Certificate for the first full Fiscal Quarter ending after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.01 , the Applicable Rate shall be the rate set forth in Level 1 of the pricing grid below ; and (c) with respect to any Extended Term Loan or other Additional Term Loan of any Class 
 4 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

or any Extended Revolving Loan or other Additional Revolving Loan of any Class, the rate or rates per annum specified in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Incremental Facility Amendment or Extension Amendment. 

Level 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio 
 Applicable Rate for Initial Revolving Loans (ABR Rate Loans) 
 Applicable Rate for Initial Revolving Loans LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans) 

1 
 Greater than 2.50:1.00 
 2.25 
 3.25 

2 
 Less than or equal to 2.50:1.00 but greater than 2.00:1.00 
 2.00 
 3.00 

3 
 Less than or equal to 2.00:1.00 
 1.75 
 2.75 

The Applicable Rate shall be re-determined quarterly on the first day immediately following the date of delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Compliance Certificate containing a reasonably detailed calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio pursuant to Section 5.01 (an Acceptable Compliance Certificate ); provided that, if an Acceptable Compliance Certificate is not delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01 , without constituting a waiver of any Default or Event of Default arising as a result thereof, then (i) the rate set forth in Level 1 shall apply as of the first day after the date on which a Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered but was not delivered and shall continue to so apply through but not including the date on which an Acceptable Compliance Certificate is delivered (and from and after delivery of such Acceptable Compliance Certificate, the pricing level shall be determined based on the First Lien Leverage Ratio set forth therein); provided , further , that, in the event that any calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio previously delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 is at any time restated or otherwise revised or the information set forth therein otherwise proves to be false or incorrect such that the Applicable Rate would have been higher than was otherwise in effect during any period (an Applicable Period ), then, without constituting a waiver of any Default or Event of Default arising as a result thereof, (i) the rate set forth in Level 1 shall apply as of the first day after the date on which a Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and shall continue to so apply through but not including the date on which a corrected Acceptable Compliance Certificate is delivered and (ii) the Borrower shall, within five (5) Business Days of written demand thereof by the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with this Agreement) the accrued additional interest with respect to such Loans owing as a result of such increased Applicable Rate for such Applicable Period. 
 Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage means, with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, the percentage of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment at such time represented by such Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Commitments at such time; provided that for purposes of Section 2.21 and otherwise herein, when there is a Defaulting Lender, any such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment shall be disregarded in the relevant calculations. In the event that (x) the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class have expired or been terminated in accordance with the terms hereof (other than pursuant to Article 7 ), the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage shall be recalculated without giving effect to the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class or (y) the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Classes have terminated (or the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class have terminated pursuant to Article 7 ), the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage shall be determined based upon the Revolving Credit Commitments (or the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class) most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments thereof. 
 5 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Approved Fund means, with respect to any Lender, any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities and is administered, advised or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) any Affiliate of such Lender or (c) any entity or any Affiliate of any entity that administers, advises or manages such Lender. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.05 ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent in substantially the form of Exhibit A-1 or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Available Amount means, at any time, an amount equal to, without duplication: 
 (a) the sum of: 

(i) the greater of 137,500,000 and 33.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; plus 

(ii) 50.0 of Consolidated Net Income, which amount shall not be less than zero, for the period from the first day of the Fiscal Quarter during which the Closing Date occurred to and including the last day of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter prior to such date for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower are internally available (this clause (ii), the Builder Basket ); plus 

(iii) the amount of any capital contributions or other proceeds of any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than any amount (x) constituting a Cure Amount, capital contributions used to incur Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.01(r) or proceeds of an issuance of Disqualified Capital Stock, (y) received from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or (z) consisting of the proceeds of any loan or advance made pursuant to clause (h)(ii) of the definition of Permitted Investment) received as Cash equity by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, plus the fair market value, as determined by the Borrower in good faith, of Cash Equivalents, marketable securities or other property received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as a capital contribution or in return for any issuance of Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than any amount (x) constituting a Cure Amount, capital contributions used to incur Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.01(r) or proceeds of any issuance of Disqualified Capital Stock or (y) received from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time; plus 

(iv) the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness or Disqualified Capital Stock, in each case, of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary issued after the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness or such Disqualified Capital Stock issued to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), which has been converted into or exchanged for Capital Stock of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company that does not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock, together with the fair market value of any Cash Equivalents and the fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) of any property or assets received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary upon such exchange or conversion, in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time; plus 

6 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(v) the net proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with the Disposition to any Person (other than the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of any Investment made pursuant to clause (r) of the definition of Permitted Investment (in an amount not to exceed the original amount of such Investment made in reliance on the Available Amount); plus 

(vi) to the extent not already reflected as a return of capital with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment, the proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time in connection with cash returns, cash profits, cash distributions and similar cash amounts, including cash principal repayments of loans, in each case received in respect of any Investment made after the Closing Date pursuant to clause (r) of the definition of Permitted Investment (in an amount not to exceed the original amount of such Investment made in reliance on the Available Amount); plus 

(vii) to the extent that such Investment was made pursuant to clause (r) of the definition of Permitted Investment and to the extent not already reflected as a return of capital with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment, an amount equal to the sum of (A) the amount of any Investment by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in any third party or any Unrestricted Subsidiary (in an amount not to exceed the original amount of such Investment made pursuant to clause (r) of the definition of Permitted Investment) that has been re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or is liquidated, wound up or dissolved into, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (B) the fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) of the assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that have been transferred, conveyed or otherwise distributed (in an amount not to exceed the original amount of the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary made pursuant to clause (r) of the definition of Permitted Investment) to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time; plus 

(viii) to the extent not otherwise applied to prepay Term Loans of Lenders that have not declined their Applicable Percentage of the applicable prepayment, the amount of any Declined Proceeds; plus 

(ix) to the extent not otherwise included in clause (a)(ii) above, the aggregate amount of any cash dividend or other cash distribution received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date (in an amount not to exceed the amount of the initial Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary made in reliance on the Available Amount); minus 

(b) an amount equal to the sum of (i) Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 6.04(a)(iii) , plus (ii) Restricted Debt Payments made pursuant to Section 6.04(b)(vi) , plus (iii) Investments made pursuant to clause (r) of the definition of Permitted Investment, in each case, after the Closing Date and prior to such time or contemporaneously therewith. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest 
 7 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (d) of Section 1.12(d). 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time that is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services: commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services, operational foreign exchange management, current account facilities and any arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing or otherwise in connection with Cash management and Deposit Accounts. 
 Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of any Loan Party, whether absolute or contingent and however and whenever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) (a) under any arrangement that is in effect on the Closing Date between any Loan Party and a counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) any Lender or Agent as of the Closing Date or (b) under any arrangement that is entered into after the Closing Date by any Loan Party with any counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) any Lender or Agent at the time such arrangement is entered into, in each case in connection with Banking Services that have been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing by the Borrower as being Banking Services Obligations for the purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article 8 , Section 9.03 and Section 9.10 and any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement as if it were a Lender. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.). 
 Barclays has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Benchmark means, initially, Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (a) of Section 1.12. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent with respect to any Benchmark 
 8 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Transition Event: (1) Daily Simple SOFR ; or (2) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than 0.00 , the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0.00 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents ; provided that , solely with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than 0.50 , the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0.50 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement , any technical, administrative or operational changes including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate , the definition of Business Day , the definition of Interest Period , the definition of US Government Securities Business Day, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice or , if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists , in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents ). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark : (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark or such component thereof) or (2) in the case of clause 3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks; provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 9 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark : (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark or such component thereof) , permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark or such component thereof) ; (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark or the published component used in the calculation thereof) , the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark or such component thereof) ; or (3) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark or the published component used in the calculation thereof) . 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clause (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 1.12 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 1.12. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the U.S. 
 10 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Borrower Tax Refund Receivable means a receivable of the Borrower in respect of a refund of U.S. federal income taxes for the taxable year ended December 31, 2013. 
 Borrowing means any Loans of the same Type and Class made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 and substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B or such other form that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent). 
 Broker-Dealer Licenses and Memberships means (a) the memberships of each Broker-Dealer Subsidiary with FINRA and (b) the licenses with Governmental Authorities of each Broker-Dealer Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent necessary and material to the normal conduct of the business of the applicable Broker-Dealer Subsidiary as a Registered Broker-Dealer or Introducing Broker, as applicable. 
 Broker-Dealer Registrations means the registrations of each Broker-Dealer Subsidiary with the SEC and all other Governmental Authorities which require registration and have jurisdiction over such Broker-Dealer Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent necessary and material to the normal conduct of the business of the applicable Broker-Dealer Subsidiary as a Registered Broker-Dealer or Introducing Broker, as applicable. 
 Broker-Dealer Subsidiary means (a) the Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower listed on Schedule 1.01(f) and any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes a broker-dealer registered under the Exchange Act or associated persons thereof, as defined therein (a Registered Broker-Dealer ), after the Closing Date and (b) the Restricted Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 1.01(g) and any other Restricted Subsidiary that is an introducing broker Introducing Broker that is required to register under the Commodity Exchange Act after the Closing Date. 
 Builder Basket has the meaning assigned to such term in clause (a)(ii) of the definition of Available Amount. 
 Business Day means any day other than that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to close remain closed and, if the applicable Business Day relates to notices, determinations, fundings , disbursements, settlements or payments in connection with the LIBO Rate or any LIBO Rate Loans, a day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are also carried on in the London interbank market. Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR or any Term SOFR Loans, or any other dealings with respect to Term SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR or any Term SOFR Loan, a day which is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for any period, the aggregate amount, without duplication, of (x) all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all amounts expended or capitalized under Capital Leases) that would, in accordance with GAAP, be included as additions to property, plant and equipment, (y) other capital expenditures of such Person for such period (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all amounts expended or capitalized under Capital Leases) that are reported in the Borrower s consolidated statement of cash flows for such period and (z) other capital expenditures of such 
 11 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Person for such period (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all amounts expended or capitalized under Capital Leases). 
 Capital Lease means, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by that Person as lessee that, in conformity with GAAP, is or should be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such Person. 
 Capital Stock means any and all shares, interests, participations, preferred equity certificates, convertible preferred equity certificates or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), including partnership interests and membership interests (whether general or limited), and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or rights to acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Indebtedness convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing. 
 Captive Insurance Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that is subject to regulation as an insurance company (or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof). 
 Cash means money, currency or a credit balance in any Deposit Account, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cash Equivalents means, as at any date of determination, (a) readily marketable securities (i) issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed or insured as to interest and principal by the U.S. government or (ii) issued by any agency or instrumentality of the U.S. the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S., in each case maturing within one year after such date and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (b) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the U.S. or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof or by any foreign government, in each case maturing within one year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time neither S P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (c) commercial paper maturing no more than one year from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time neither S P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (d) deposits, money market deposits, time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances (or similar instruments) maturing within one year after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any bank organized under, or authorized to operate as a bank under, the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any political subdivision thereof or any foreign bank or its branches or agencies and that has capital and surplus of not less than 100,000,000 and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (e) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than 100,000,000; (f) shares of any investment fund that has (i) substantially all of its assets invested in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (e) above, (ii) net assets of not less than 250,000,000 and (iii) a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s are not rating such fund, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); and (g) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law. The term Cash Equivalents shall also include (x) Investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (a) through (g) above in foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the parent companies thereof) have the ratings described in such clauses or equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating 
 12 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

agencies and (y) other short-term Investments utilized by Foreign Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management in Investments analogous to the Investments described in clauses (a) through (g) above or in the foregoing clause (x) . 
 CFC means a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code. 
 CFTC means the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
 Change in Law means (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty after the Closing Date, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case described in clauses (a) , (b) and (c) above, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Change of Control means the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan or Person acting as the trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator therefor), other than one or more Permitted Holders, of Capital Stock representing more than the greater of (x) 35.0 of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting Capital Stock of the Borrower and (y) the percentage of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting Capital Stock of the Borrower owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially by the Permitted Holders, unless, in the case of each of clauses (x) and (y) above, one or more Permitted Holders has, at such time, the right or the ability, by voting power, contract or otherwise, to elect or designate for election at least a majority of the board of directors (or comparable governing body or managers) of the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right to acquire voting Capital Stock (so long as such Person does not have the right to direct the voting of the Capital Stock subject to such right) or any veto power in connection with the acquisition or disposition of voting Capital Stock will not cause a party to be a beneficial owner. 
 Charge means any charge, loss, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind. 
 Charged Amounts has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19 . 
 Class , when used with respect to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Initial Term Loans, Additional Term Loans of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(i) , Initial Revolving Loans or Additional Revolving Loans of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c)(ii) , (b) any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is an Initial Term Loan Commitment, an Additional Term Loan Commitment of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.21 or 9.02(c) , an Initial Revolving Credit Commitment, an Additional Revolving Credit Commitment of any series established as a separate Class pursuant to Section 2.21 or 9.02(c)(ii) , (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment of a particular Class and (d) any Revolving Credit 
 13 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Exposure, refers to whether such Revolving Credit Exposure is attributable to a Revolving Credit Commitment of a particular Class. 
 Closing Date means the date on which (a) the Escrow Funding Date shall have occurred, and (b) the Escrow Release Conditions shall have been met, which date shall have occurred on July 1, 2019. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Collateral means any and all property of any Loan Party subject to a Lien under any Collateral Document and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that is or becomes subject to a Lien pursuant to any Collateral Document to secure the Secured Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Collateral include any Excluded Asset. 
 Collateral and Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, subject to (x) the applicable limitations set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (y) the time periods (and extensions thereof) set forth in Section 5.11 and (z) the terms of any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, the requirement that: 
 (b) the Administrative Agent shall have received (A) a joinder to the Loan Guaranty in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (B) a supplement to the Security Agreement in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto, (C) if the respective Restricted Subsidiary required to comply with the requirements set forth in this definition pursuant to Section 5.11 owns U.S. registrations of or U.S. applications to register Patents, Trademarks (excluding any intent-to-use applications for the registration of any Trademarks or similar applications) or Copyrights that constitute Collateral, an Intellectual Property Security Agreement in substantially the form attached as Exhibit J-1 , Exhibit J-2 or Exhibit J-3 , as applicable, (D) a completed Perfection Certificate (or, with respect to information provided after the Closing Date, a completed Perfection Certificate Supplement) and (E) Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in appropriate form for filing in such jurisdictions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; 

(c) the Administrative Agent shall have received with respect to any Material Real Estate Assets, a Mortgage and any necessary UCC fixture filing in respect thereof, in each case together with, to the extent customary and appropriate (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower): 

(i) evidence that (A) counterparts of such Mortgage have been duly executed, acknowledged and delivered and such Mortgage and any corresponding UCC or equivalent fixture filing are in form suitable for filing or recording in all filing or recording offices that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary in order to create a valid and subsisting Lien on such Material Real Estate Asset in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, (B) such Mortgage and any corresponding UCC or equivalent fixture filings have been duly recorded or filed, as applicable, and (C) all filing and recording taxes and fees have been paid or otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(ii) one or more fully paid policies of title insurance (the Mortgage Policies in an amount reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (not to exceed the fair market value of the Material Real Estate Asset covered thereby (as determined by the Borrower in good faith)) issued by a nationally recognized title insurance company in the applicable jurisdiction that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, insuring the relevant 

14 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Mortgage as having created a valid subsisting Lien on the real property described therein with the ranking or the priority which it is expressed to have in such Mortgage, subject only to Permitted Liens, together with such endorsements, coinsurance and reinsurance as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to the extent the same are available in the applicable jurisdiction; 

(iii) customary legal opinions of local counsel for the relevant Loan Party in the jurisdiction in which such Material Real Estate Asset is located, and if applicable, in the jurisdiction of formation of the relevant Loan Party, in each case as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, with respect to the enforceability of the relevant Mortgage; and 

(iv) surveys and appraisals (if required under the Financial Institutions Reform Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended) and Life-of-Loan flood certifications under Regulation H (to the extent applicable, together with evidence of federal flood insurance for any such Flood Hazard Property located in a flood hazard area); provided that the Administrative Agent may in its reasonable discretion accept any such existing certificate, appraisal or survey so long as such existing certificate or appraisal satisfies any applicable local law requirements. 

Collateral Documents means, collectively, (i) the Security Agreement, (ii) each Mortgage, (iii) each Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (iv) any supplement to any of the foregoing delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (v) each of the other instruments and documents pursuant to which any Loan Party grants a Lien on any Collateral as security for payment of the Secured Obligations. 
 Commercial Letter of Credit means any Letter of Credit issued for the purpose of providing the primary payment mechanism in connection with the purchase of any materials, goods or services by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business of such Person. 
 Commercial Tort Claim has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s Initial Term Loan Commitment, Initial Revolving Credit Commitment and Additional Commitment, as applicable, in effect as of such time. 
 Commitment Fee Rate means, for any day: (a) with respect to the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments, the rate per annum as set forth in the pricing grid below for the appropriate Level; provided , however , that until the delivery of the financial statements and related Compliance Certificate for the first full Fiscal Quarter ending after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.01 , the Commitment Fee Rate shall be the rate set forth in Level 1 of the pricing grid below; and (b) with respect to Additional Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class, the rate or rates per annum specified in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Incremental Facility Amendment or Extension Amendment. 

Level 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio 
 Commitment Fee Rate 

1 
 Greater than 2.50:1.00 
 0.50 

15 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

2 
 Less than or equal to 2.50:1.00 but greater than 2.00:1.00 
 0.375 

3 
 Less than or equal to 2.00:1.00 
 0.25 

The Commitment Fee Rate shall be re-determined quarterly on the first day immediately following the date of delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Compliance Certificate containing a reasonably detailed, certified calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio pursuant to Section 5.01 ; provided that, if such certification is not provided in accordance with Section 5.01 , without constituting a waiver of any Default or Event of Default arising as a result thereof, then (i) the pricing set forth in Level 1 shall apply as of the first day after the date on which a Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered but was not delivered, and shall continue to so apply through but not including the date on which such Compliance Certificate is so delivered (and therefrom, the pricing level shall be based off of the reasonably detailed calculations of the First Lien Leverage Ratio certified by the Borrower in such Compliance Certificate); provided , further , that, in the event that the certified calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio previously delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 is at any time restated or otherwise revised or the information set forth in such certification otherwise proves to be false or incorrect such that the Commitment Fee Rate would have been higher than was otherwise in effect during any Applicable Period, then, without constituting a waiver of any Default or Event of Default arising as a result thereof, (i) the pricing level set forth in Level 1 shall apply as of the first day after which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 and shall continue to so apply through but not including the date on which the correct certified calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio for such Applicable Period in a Compliance Certificate is so delivered and (ii) the Borrower shall, within five (5) Business Days of written demand thereof by the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with this Agreement) the accrued additional interest with respect to such Loans owing as a result of such increased Commitment Fee Rate for such Applicable Period. 
 Commitment Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto as Schedule 1.01(a) reflecting the Commitments in effect on the Closing Date. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). 
 Company has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Company Competitor means any Person that is a direct competitor of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 Competitor Debt Fund Affiliate means, with respect to any Company Competitor or any Affiliate thereof, any debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated lending entity that is (i) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and (ii) managed, sponsored or advised by any person that is Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with the relevant Company Competitor or Affiliate thereof, but only to the extent that no personnel involved with the investment in the relevant Company Competitor makes (or has the right to make or participate with others in making) investment decisions on behalf of, or otherwise cause the direction of the investment policies of, such debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated entity with respect to decisions involving any investment in debt of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 16 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C . 
 Compliance Date means the last day of any applicable Fiscal Quarter (commencing with the first full Fiscal Quarter ending after the Closing Date) if as of such date the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure (excluding (i) for the first four full Fiscal Quarters ending after the Closing Date, any Revolving Loans funded on the Closing Date to fund any original issue discount or upfront fees implemented pursuant to the market flex provisions of the Fee Letter, (ii) any Letters of Credit under the Initial Revolving Facility, any Incremental Revolving Facility and any Replacement Revolving Facility that have been cash collateralized or otherwise backstopped in an amount equal to at least 103.0 of the Stated Amount thereof minus any amount then on deposit in any cash collateral account established for the benefit of the relevant Issuing Bank) or otherwise cash collateralized in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank and (iii) non-cash collateralized or backstopped Letters of Credit in an aggregate outstanding amount not exceeding 2,500,000) exceeds an amount equal to 35.0 of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 Confidential Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13 . 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, with respect to any Person on a consolidated basis for any period, the sum of: 
 (d) Consolidated Net Income for such period; plus 

(e) to the extent not otherwise included in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, the amount of any proceeds of any business interruption insurance policy in an amount representing the earnings for such period that such proceeds are intended to replace (whether or not then received so long as such Person in good faith expects to receive such proceeds within the next four Fiscal Quarters (it being understood that to the extent such proceeds are not actually received within such period, to the extent previously added back to Consolidated Net Income in determining Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for a prior Fiscal Quarter such reimbursement amounts so added back but not so received shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter immediately following such four Fiscal Quarter period)); plus 

(f) without duplication, those amounts which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, have been deducted for: 

(i) Consolidated Interest Expense; 

(ii) Taxes paid and any provision for Taxes, including income, capital, U.S. federal, state, local, foreign, franchise and similar Taxes, property Taxes, foreign withholding Taxes and foreign unreimbursed value added Taxes (including penalties and interest related to any such Tax or arising from any Tax examination, and including pursuant to any Tax sharing arrangement) for such period and, without duplication, the amount of any Restricted Payments made by such Person to any direct or indirect parent entity that is a consolidated tax filer with such Person and the Restricted Subsidiaries made for the purpose of funding the payment of any such Taxes of such parent entity to the extent 

17 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

attributable to such Person and the Restricted Subsidiaries paid or declared in respect of such period; 

(iii) to the extent deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income, any earn-out obligation expense incurred in connection with any Permitted Investment, any Restricted Payment made in compliance with Section 6.04(a) or any Investment consummated prior to the Closing Date, which is paid or accrued during such period; 

(iv) (A) depreciation, (B) amortization (including amortization of goodwill, software and other intangible assets), (C) impairment Charges (including any bad debt expense) relating to goodwill and other assets and (D) any asset write-off or write-down; 

(v) any non-cash Charge, including any Charge from Investments recorded using the equity method and, if applicable, the excess of rent expense over actual cash rent paid during such period due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP purposes provided that to the extent that any such non-cash Charge represents an accrual of or reserve for any potential cash item in any future period, (A) such Person may elect not to add back such non-cash Charge in the current period and (B) to the extent such Person elects to add back such non-cash Charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to such extent); 

(vi) any non-cash compensation Charge and/or any other non-cash Charge arising from the granting of any stock option or similar arrangement (including any profits interest), the granting of any stock appreciation right and/or similar arrangement (including any repricing, amendment, modification, substitution or change of any such stock option, stock appreciation right, profits interest or similar arrangement); 

(vii) (A) Transaction Costs, (B) Charges incurred in connection with the consummation of any issuance or offering of Capital Stock (including any Public Offering), any Investment, any Disposition, any recapitalization, any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, any option buyout or any incurrence, repayment, refinancing, amendment or modification of Indebtedness (including any amortization or write-off of debt issuance or deferred financing costs, premiums and prepayment penalties), any non-compete agreement or any transaction similar to any of the foregoing (in each case, including any transaction proposed and not consummated), whether or not permitted under this Agreement, (C) the amount of any Charge that is reimbursed or reimbursable by third party pursuant to indemnification or expense reimbursement provisions or similar agreements or insurance; provided that in respect of any Charge that is added back in reliance on clause (C) above, the relevant Person in good faith expects to receive reimbursement for such Charge within the next four Fiscal Quarters (it being understood that to the extent any reimbursement amount is not actually received within such Fiscal Quarters, to the extent previously added back to Consolidated Net Income in determining Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for a prior Fiscal Quarter, such reimbursement amount so added back but not so received shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Fiscal Quarter immediately following such four Fiscal Quarter period pursuant to clause (i)(i) below) and (D) Public Company Costs; 

(viii) without duplication of any amount referred to in clause (b) above, the amount of (A) any Charge to the extent that a corresponding amount is received in cash by such Person from a Person other than such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person 

18 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

under any agreement providing for reimbursement of such Charge or (B) any Charge with respect to any liability or casualty event, business interruption or any product recall, (i) so long as such Person has submitted in good faith, and reasonably expects to receive payment in connection with, a claim for reimbursement of such amounts under its relevant insurance policy (with a deduction pursuant to clause (i)(ii) below in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within the next four Fiscal Quarters) or (ii) without duplication of amounts included in a prior period under clause (B)(i) above, to the extent such Charge is covered by insurance proceeds received in cash during such period (it being understood that if the amount received in cash under any such agreement in any period exceeds the amount of Charge paid during such period such excess amounts received may be carried forward and applied against any Charge in any future period); 

(ix) the amount of any management, monitoring, consulting, transaction and advisory fees and expenses and indemnification payments under any management, monitoring, consulting, transaction, advisory or similar agreement, in each case, to the extent permitted under this Agreement; 

(x) any Charge attributable to the undertaking or implementation of restructurings (including any Tax restructurings), new initiatives, business optimization activities, cost savings initiatives, cost rationalization programs, operating expense reductions or synergies or similar initiatives or programs (including in connection with any integration or transition, any curtailment, any reconstruction, decommissioning, recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternative uses, any facility opening or pre-opening, any facility realignment, any inventory optimization program or any curtailment), any business optimization Charge (including lean and 5S implementation), any Charge relating to the closure or consolidation of any facility (including but not limited to severance, rent termination costs, moving costs and legal costs), any systems implementation Charge, any severance Charge, any Charge relating to entry into a new market, any Charge relating to any strategic initiative, any consulting Charge, any signing Charge, any retention or completion bonus, any expansion or relocation Charge, any Charge associated with any modification to any pension and post-retirement employee benefit plan, any software development Charge, any Charge associated with new systems design, any implementation Charge, any project startup Charge, any Charge in connection with new operations, any Charge relating to a new contract, any consulting Charge or any corporate development Charge; and 

(xi) the amount of any Charge incurred or accrued in connection with any single or one-time event, including (A) in connection with the Transactions or any acquisition consummated after the Closing Date (including legal, accounting and other professional fees and expenses incurred in connection with acquisitions and other similar Investments made prior to the Closing Date), (B) in connection with the closing, consolidation or reconfiguration of any facility during such period and (C) one-time consulting costs; plus 

(g) the amount of any Charge or deduction associated with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is attributable to any non-controlling interest or minority interest of any third party; plus 

(h) to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income for such period, cash actually received (or any netting arrangement resulting in reduced cash expenditures) during such period in 

19 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

respect of a previous non-cash gain so long as the non-cash gain relating to the relevant cash receipt or netting arrangement was deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (f) below for any previous period and not added back or was realized in a period prior to the Closing Date; plus 

(i) without duplication of any Charges added back pursuant to clause (c) of this definition, the amount of (i) pro forma run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions, operational improvements and synergies (net of actual amounts realized) related to the Transactions that are reasonably identifiable, factually supportable and projected by such Person in good faith to result from actions that have been taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of such Person) and realized within 24 months after the Closing Date and (ii) pro forma run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions, operational improvements and synergies (net of actual amounts realized) related to acquisitions and other Investments, Dispositions and other specified transactions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, acquisitions occurring prior to the Closing Date), restructurings, cost savings initiatives and other similar initiatives that are reasonably identifiable, factually supportable and projected by such Person in good faith to result from actions that have been taken or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of such Person) and realized within 24 months after such acquisition or other Investment, Disposition or other specified transaction, restructuring, cost savings initiative or other initiative; minus 

(j) any amount of any non-cash income or non-cash gain that has been included in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, all as determined in accordance with GAAP provided that if any such non-cash income or non-cash gain represents an accrual or deferred income in respect of potential cash items in any future period, such Person may determine not to deduct the relevant non-cash gain or income in the then-current period); minus 

(k) the amount of any cash payment made during such period in respect of any non-cash accrual, reserve or other non cash Charge that is accounted for in a prior period which was added to Consolidated Net Income to determine Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such prior period and which does not otherwise reduce Consolidated Net Income for the current period; minus 

(l) to the extent such amounts increase Consolidated Net Income: 

(i) the amount added back to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (c)(vii)(C) above (as described in such clause) to the extent such reimbursement amounts were not received within the time period required by such clause; and 

(ii) the amount added back to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA pursuant to clause (c)(viii)(B) above (as described in such clause) to the extent such business interruption insurance proceeds were not received within the time period required by such clause. 

Consolidated First Lien Debt means, as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that is secured by a first priority Lien on the Collateral. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of (a) consolidated total interest expense of such Person and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or accrued and whether or not capitalized (including (and without duplication), amortization of any 
 20 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

debt issuance cost or original issue discount, any premium paid to obtain payment, financial assurance or similar bonds, any interest capitalized during construction, any non cash interest payment, the interest component of any deferred payment obligation, the interest component of any payment under any Capital Lease (regardless of whether accounted for as interest expense under GAAP), any commission, discount or other fee or charge owed with respect to any letter of credit or bankers acceptance, any fee or expense paid to the Administrative Agent in connection with its services hereunder, any other bank, administrative agency (or trustee) or financing fee and any cost associated with any surety bond in connection with financing activities (whether amortized or immediately expensed)) plus (b) any cash dividend paid or payable in respect of Disqualified Capital Stock during such period other than to such Person or any Loan Party, plus (or, in the case of gains, minus (c) any gains, losses or obligations arising from any Hedge Agreement or other derivative financial instrument issued by such Person for the benefit of such Person or its Subsidiaries, in each case determined on a consolidated basis for such period. For purposes of this definition, interest in respect of any Capital Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capital Lease in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, in respect of any period and as determined for any Person (the Subject Person on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to the net income (loss) of such Subject Person and its Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP, but excluding, without duplication: 
 (m) (i) the income of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments (including any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other payment) paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash) to the Subject Person or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period, (ii) the loss of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, other than to the extent that the Subject Person or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries has contributed cash or Cash Equivalents to such Person in respect of such loss during such period or (iii) the income or loss of any Unrestricted Subsidiary, 

(n) any gain or Charge as a result of, or in connection with, any asset Disposition or abandonment outside the ordinary course of business (including asset retirement costs), 

(o) (i) any gain or Charge from (A) any extraordinary item or (B) any non-recurring or unusual items or (ii) any Charge associated with or payment of any actual or prospective legal settlement, fine, judgment or order, 

(p) any net gain or Charge with respect to (i) any disposed, abandoned, divested and/or discontinued asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of such Subject Person, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or termination thereof), (ii) any disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or discontinuation of any asset, property or operation (other than, at the option of such Subject Person, relating to assets or properties held for sale or pending the divestiture or termination thereof) or (iii) any facility that has been closed during such period, 

(q) any net loss (less all fees and expenses or charges related thereto) attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness (and the termination of any associated Hedge Agreement or other derivative instruments), 

21 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(r) (i) any Charge incurred as a result of, in connection with or pursuant to any management equity plan, profits interest or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, pension plan, any stock subscription or shareholder agreement or any distributor equity plan or agreement (including any Charge resulting from a deferred compensation arrangement or contingent transaction payment), (ii) any Charge for such period relating to payments made to option holders of any direct or indirect parent entity in connection with, or as a result of, any distributions being made to its equityholders or its direct or indirect parent entities, which payments are being made to compensate such option holders as though they were equityholders as of the date of, and entitled to share in, such distribution and (iii) any Charge incurred in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Capital Stock held by management of any direct or indirect parent entity of the Subject Person, the Subject Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person, in the case of clause (ii) or this clause (iii) , to the extent that any such cash Charge is funded with net cash proceeds contributed to the Subject Person as a capital contribution or as a result of the sale or issuance of Qualified Capital Stock of the Subject Person that are Not Otherwise Applied, 

(s) any Charge that is established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, (i) within 12 months after the Closing Date that is required to be established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, as a result of the Transactions in accordance with GAAP or (ii) as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting principles or policies in accordance with GAAP, on a cumulative basis, 

(t) (A) the effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) in the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower pursuant to GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, leases, rights, fee arrangements, software, goodwill, intangible assets, in-process research and development, deferred revenue, advanced billings and debt line items thereof), resulting from the application of recapitalization accounting or the acquisition method of accounting, as the case may be, in relation to the Transactions or any consummated acquisition or other Investment or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of Taxes, and (B) the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles or policies made in such period in accordance with GAAP which affect Consolidated Net Income, 

(u) any write-off or amortization made in such period of any deferred financing cost or premium paid or other Charge incurred directly in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness, 

(v) solely for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, the income or loss of (i) any Person accrued prior to the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or the date that such other Person s assets are acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) any of such Person s Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Loan Parties) to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Restricted Subsidiaries of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to such Subsidiary, 

(w) (i) any realized or unrealized net gain or loss in respect of (x) any obligation under any Hedge Agreement as determined in accordance with GAAP or (y) any other derivative instrument pursuant to, in the case of this clause (y) , Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification No. 815-Derivatives and Hedging and (ii) any realized or unrealized net foreign currency translation or transaction gain or loss impacting net income 

22 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(including any currency re-measurement of Indebtedness and any net gain or loss resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency exchange risk associated with the above or any other currency related risk), and 

(x) any income or Charge from Investments recorded using the equity method. 

There shall be included in Consolidated Net Income, without duplication, the amount of any cash tax benefits related to the tax amortization of intangible assets in the applicable period. 
 Consolidated Secured Debt means, as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral. 
 Consolidated Total Assets means, at any date, all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the applicable Person at such date. 
 Consolidated Total Debt means, as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of all third party debt for borrowed money and the outstanding principal balance of all Indebtedness of such Person represented by notes, bonds, debentures and similar instruments, Capital Leases and purchase money Indebtedness (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, undrawn letters of credit); provided that Consolidated Total Debt shall be calculated (i) net of the Unrestricted Cash Amount (to the extent the Unrestricted Cash Amount is greater than zero) and (ii) excluding any obligation, liability or indebtedness of such Person if, upon or prior to the maturity thereof, such Person has irrevocably deposited with the proper Person in trust or escrow the necessary funds (or evidences of indebtedness) for the payment, redemption or satisfaction of such obligation, liability or indebtedness, and thereafter such funds and evidences of such obligation, liability or indebtedness or other security so deposited are not included in the calculation of the Unrestricted Cash Amount. 
 Consolidated Working Capital means, as at any date of determination, the excess of Current Assets over Current Liabilities. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as applied to any Person, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract, undertaking, agreement or other instrument to which that Person is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound or to which it or any of its properties is subject. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Copyright means the following: (a) all copyrights, rights and interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyright whether published or unpublished, copyright registrations and copyright applications; (b) all renewals of any of the foregoing; and (c) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 Credit Extension means each of (i) the making of a Revolving Loan or (ii) the issuance, amendment, modification, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit (other than any such amendment, modification, renewal or extension that does not increase the Stated Amount of the relevant Letter of Credit). 
 23 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Credit Facilities means the Revolving Facility and the Term Facility. 
 Cure Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.14(b) . 
 Cure Period has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.14(b) . 
 Cure Right has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.14(b) . 
 Current Assets means, at any date, all assets of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries which under GAAP would be classified as current assets (excluding any (i) Cash or Cash Equivalents (including Cash and Cash Equivalents held on deposit for third parties by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), (ii) permitted loans to third parties, (iii) deferred bank fees and derivative financial instruments related to Indebtedness, (iv) the current portion of current and deferred Taxes and (v) management fees receivables). 
 Current Liabilities means, at any date, all liabilities of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries which under GAAP would be classified as current liabilities, other than (i) current maturities of long term debt, (ii) outstanding revolving loans and letter of credit exposure, (iii) accruals of Consolidated Interest Expense (excluding Consolidated Interest Expense that is due and unpaid), (iv) obligations in respect of derivative financial instruments related to Indebtedness, (v) the current portion of current and deferred Taxes, (vi) liabilities in respect of unpaid earnouts, (vii) accruals relating to restructuring reserves, (viii) liabilities in respect of funds of third parties on deposit with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ix) management fees payables, (x) the current portion of any Capital Lease obligation, (xi) the current portion of any other long term liability for borrowed money, (xii) any liabilities that are not Indebtedness and will not be settled in cash or Cash Equivalents during the next succeeding 12-month period after such date, (xiii) the effects from applying purchase accounting, (xiv) any accrued professional liability risks, (xv) restricted marketable securities and (xvi) the current portion of deferred revenue. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SOFR for the day (such day i that is five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website, and (b) the Floor. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on the second (2 nd U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any day i , the SOFR in respect of such day i has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then the SOFR for such day i will be the SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website; provided that any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Debt Fund Affiliate means any Affiliate of any Sponsor (other than a natural Person) that is a bona fide debt fund or investment vehicle (in each case with one or more bona fide investors to whom its managers owe fiduciary duties independent of their fiduciary duties to such Sponsor) primarily engaged in, or advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise 
 24 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course of its activities and for which the personnel making the primary investment decisions are not personnel primarily engaged in making investment decisions in respect of any equity fund which has a direct or indirect equity investment in the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries Equity Personnel or personnel controlled by such Equity Personnel. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the U.S., and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, general assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the U.S. or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Declined Proceeds has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(vi) . 
 Default means any event or condition which, upon notice, lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.21(f) , any Lender that has (a) defaulted in its payment obligations under this Agreement, including to make a Loan within two Business Days of the date required to be made by it hereunder or to fund its participation in a Letter of Credit or Swingline Loan required to be funded by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date such obligation arose or such Loan, Letter of Credit was required to be made or funded unless such Lender, acting in good faith, notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, (b) notified the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank or the Borrower in writing that it does not intend to satisfy any such obligation or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement (x) is made by such Lender acting in good faith, (y) relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and (z) states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) has not been satisfied), (c) made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under agreements in which it commits to extend credit generally, (d) failed, within two Business Days after the request of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans; provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (d) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent, (e) become (or any parent company thereof has become) insolvent or been determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Person or its assets, to be insolvent, or the assets or management of which has been taken over by any Governmental Authority or (f) (i) become (or any parent company thereof has become) the subject of (A) a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or (B) a Bail-In Action, (ii) has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or (iii) has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, unless in the case of any Lender subject to this clause (f) , the Borrower and the Administrative Agent have each determined that such Lender intends, and has all approvals required to enable it (in form and substance satisfactory to each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent), to continue to perform its obligations as a Lender hereunder; provided that no Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of (I) the ownership or acquisition of any Capital Stock in such Lender or its parent by any Governmental Authority or (II) in the case of any Lender or parent company which is a solvent Person, the precautionary appointment 
 25 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

of an administrator, guardian, custodian or other similar official by a Governmental Authority under or based on the law of the country where such Person is subject to home jurisdiction supervision if applicable Requirements of Law require that such appointment not be made public; provided that such ownership interest or action does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contract or agreement to which such Lender is a party. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (f) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.21(f) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, the Swingline Lender, each Issuing Bank and each Lender. 
 Deposit Account means a demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, savings and loan association, credit union or like organization, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any investment property (within the meaning of the UCC) or any account evidenced by an instrument (within the meaning of the UCC). 
 Derivative Transaction means (a) any interest-rate transaction, including any interest-rate swap, basis swap, forward rate agreement, interest rate option (including a cap, collar or floor), and any other instrument linked to interest rates that gives rise to similar credit risks (including when-issued securities and forward deposits accepted), (b) any exchange-rate transaction, including any cross-currency interest-rate swap, any forward foreign-exchange contract, any currency option, and any other instrument linked to exchange rates that gives rise to similar credit risks, (c) any equity derivative transaction, including any equity-linked swap, any equity-linked option, any forward equity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to equities that gives rise to similar credit risk and (d) any commodity (including precious metal) derivative transaction, including any commodity-linked swap, any commodity-linked option, any forward commodity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to commodities that gives rise to similar credit risks; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries shall constitute a Derivative Transaction. 
 Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) of non-Cash consideration received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any Disposition pursuant to Section 6.07(h) that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the amount of Cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to Cash or Cash Equivalents). A particular item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration will no longer be considered to be outstanding when and to the extent it has been paid, redeemed or otherwise retired or sold or otherwise Disposed of in compliance with Section 6.07 . 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, lease, sublease, or other disposition of any property of any Person. 
 Disqualified Capital Stock means any Capital Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, on or prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is 
 26 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

issued (it being understood that if any such redemption is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Capital Stock), (b) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Capital Stock, in each case at any time on or prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued, (c) contains any mandatory repurchase obligation, in whole or in part, which may come into effect prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such repurchase obligation is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Capital Stock) or (d) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in Cash on or prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued; provided that any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Capital Stock is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of any change of control, Public Offering or any Disposition occurring prior to 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock if such Capital Stock provides that the issuer thereof will not redeem any such Capital Stock pursuant to such provisions prior to the Termination Date. 
 Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (A) if such Capital Stock is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants, in each case in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer thereof in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations, and (B) no Capital Stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member of management or consultant (or their respective Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower (or any Parent Company or any Subsidiary) shall be considered Disqualified Capital Stock because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan, put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. 
 Disqualified Institution means (a) any bank, financial institution or other institutional lender that is identified by name on or prior to November 6, 2018 in a written notice to the Lead Arrangers and (b) any Company Competitor or any Affiliate thereof that is identified by name prior to November 6, 2019 in a written notice to the Lead Arrangers and (c) any Affiliate of any Person described in clauses (a) or (b) that is clearly identifiable as an Affiliate solely on the basis of its name (it being understood and agreed that no Debt Fund Affiliate or Competitor Debt Fund Affiliate may be designated as a Disqualified Institution); provided that no written notice delivered pursuant to clauses (b) or (c) shall apply retroactively to disqualify any Person that has previously acquired an assignment or participation or allocation in any Credit Facility, subject to the provisions of Section 9.05(f) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Loan Party and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent shall not have any responsibility or obligation to determine, inquire into or monitor whether any Lender, Participant or potential Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or to inquire into, monitor or enforce the compliance with the provisions hereof related to Disqualified Institutions, and the Administrative Agent shall have no liability with respect to any assignment or participation made to a Disqualified Institution provided that any such assignment or participation shall be subject to the terms of Section 9.05(c) or (f) , as applicable) or disclosure of Confidential Information to any Disqualified Institution. 
 Disqualified Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(f)(ii) . 
 27 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Disregarded Domestic Person means any Domestic Subsidiary (i) substantially all the assets of which consist of the equity or debt of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that is a CFC or (ii) that is treated as a disregarded entity or partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that holds no material assets other than equity of one or more CFCs. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the U.S. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that is incorporated or organized under the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 Dutch Auction has the meaning assigned to such term on Schedule 1.01(b) . 
 ECF Prepayment Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(i) . 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Yield means, as to any Indebtedness, the effective yield applicable thereto calculated by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower in a manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices, taking into account (a) interest rate margins, (b) interest rate floors (subject to the proviso set forth below), (c) any amendment to the relevant interest rate margins and interest rate floors prior to the applicable date of determination and (d) original issue discount and upfront or similar fees (based on an assumed four-year average life to maturity or lesser remaining average life to maturity), but excluding (i) any arrangement, commitment, structuring, underwriting, ticking, unused line fees or amendment fees (regardless of whether any such fees are paid to or shared in whole or in part with any lender) and (ii) any other fee that is not payable to all relevant lenders ratably; provided , however , that (A) to the extent that the LIBO Rate (with an Interest Period of three months) Adjusted Term SOFR or Alternate Base Rate (without giving effect to any floor specified in the definition thereof) is less than any floor applicable to loans in respect to which the Effective Yield is being calculated on the date on which the Effective Yield is determined, the amount of the resulting difference will be deemed added to the interest rate margin applicable to the relevant Indebtedness for purposes of calculating the Effective Yield and (B) to the extent that the LIBO Rate (for a period of three months) Adjusted Term SOFR or Alternate Base Rate (without giving effect to any floor specified in the definition thereof) is greater than any applicable floor on the date on which the Effective Yield is determined, the floor will be disregarded in calculating the Effective Yield. 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) any Lender, (b) any commercial bank, insurance company, finance company, financial institution, any fund that invests in loans or any other accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act), (c) any Affiliate of any Lender, (d) any Approved Fund of any 
 28 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Lender and (e) to the extent permitted under Section 9.05(g) , any Affiliated Lender or any Debt Fund Affiliate; provided that in any event, Eligible Assignee shall not include (i) any natural person or any entity owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person, (ii) any Disqualified Institution or (iii) except as permitted under Section 9.05(g) , the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. 
 Environmental Claim means any investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (a) pursuant to or in connection with any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law or actual or alleged Environmental Liability; (b) in connection with any Hazardous Material or any actual or alleged Hazardous Materials Activity; or (c) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat or harm to natural resources, the environment or human health and safety as a result of exposure to Hazardous Materials. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all applicable Requirements of Law and Governmental Authorizations relating to (a) environmental matters, including those relating to any Hazardous Materials Activity or (b) the generation, use, storage, transportation or disposal of or exposure to Hazardous Materials. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) any Hazardous Material Activities, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, or (d) any contract pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Personnel has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Debt Fund Affiliate . 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 ERISA Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, (a) any corporation which is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Section 414(b) of which that Person is a member, (b) any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of a group of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code of which that Person is a member, and (c) solely for purpose of ERISA Section 302 and Code Section 412, any affiliated service group within the meaning of Code Section 414(m), of which that Person is a member. 
 ERISA Event means (a) a reportable event (as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA) with respect to a Pension Plan (unless notice has been waived under applicable regulations); (b) a withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations at any facility of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party as described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party from a Multiemployer Plan resulting in the imposition of Withdrawal Liability on any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA or in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or the receipt by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party of notice of the treatment of a Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041A of ERISA or of notice of the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Multiemployer Plan; (e) the termination of, or 
 29 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than PBGC premiums payable but not delinquent under ERISA Section 4007, upon any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate of any Loan Party, in connection with the termination of any Pension Plan; (g) with respect to a Pension Plan, the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard of Section 412 or 430 of the Code or Section 302 or 303 of ERISA, whether or not waived; (h) a failure by Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party to make a required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; or (i) the imposition of a Lien with respect to a Pension Plan pursuant to Section 303(k) of ERISA. 
 Escrow Account means a segregated account, under the control of the Escrow Agent that includes only the Escrow Amount, free from all Liens. 
 Escrow Agent means Barclays, solely in its capacity as escrow agent under the Escrow Agreement. 
 Escrow Agreement means that certain Escrow Account Terms and Conditions, dated as of June 28, 2019, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Escrow Agent, as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. 
 Escrow Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in the Escrow Agreement. 
 Escrow Funding Conditions means the conditions set forth in Section 4.01 (other than Sections 4.01(j), (k) and (l)), which, in each case, shall be determined as if the provisions of this Agreement were in full force and in effect on the Escrow Funding Date. 
 Escrow Funding Date shall mean the date of funding of the Escrow Amount into the Escrow Account upon the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 9.02) of the Escrow Funding Conditions, which date shall have occurred on June 28, 2019. 
 Escrow Release Conditions means the delivery by the Administrative Agent of the Payment Instruction (as defined in the Escrow Agreement) to the Escrow Agent on the Escrow Funding Date directing the Escrow Agent to release the funds from the Escrow Account. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article 7 . 
 Excess Cash Flow means, for any Excess Cash Flow Period, any amount (if positive) equal to: 
 (y) Consolidated Net Income for such Excess Cash Flow Period; plus 

(z) (i) an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash Charges to the extent deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such period, including any Charge from Investments recorded using the equity method but excluding any such non-cash Charges representing an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period and (ii) an amount equal to the amount of all cash gains for such period to the extent excluded from Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clauses (b) , (c) or (k) of the definition thereof; plus 

30 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(aa) cash receipts in respect of Hedge Agreements to the extent not included in such Consolidated Net Income; plus 

(bb) the decrease, if any, in Consolidated Working Capital from the first day to the last day of such Excess Cash Flow Period, but excluding any such decrease in Consolidated Working Capital arising from (i) the acquisition or Disposition of any Person by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the reclassification during such period of current assets to long term assets and current liabilities to long term liabilities, (iii) the application of purchase or recapitalization accounting, (iv) the effect of any fluctuation in the amount of accrued and contingent obligations under any Hedge Agreement or (v) changes to Consolidated Working Capital resulting from non-cash charges and credits to Current Assets and Current Liabilities (including derivatives and deferred income tax); minus 

(cc) (i) an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash credits to the extent included in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such period (but excluding any non-cash credits to the extent representing the reversal of an accrual or reserve described in clause (b)(i) above) and (ii) an amount equal to the amount of all cash Charges for such period to the extent excluded from Consolidated Net Income pursuant to the definition thereof; minus 

(dd) the amount, if any, which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such Excess Cash Flow Period, has been included in respect of gains from any Disposition of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any casualty or condemnation, taking or similar event to the extent the same is utilized to prepay Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(ii) ; minus 

(ee) cash payments actually made in respect of the following (without duplication): 

(i) any Permitted Investment (other than Permitted Investments in (A) Cash and Cash Equivalents or (B) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) or any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.04 (solely to the extent not paid to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) and in each case actually made in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period or, at the option of the Borrower, in the case of any Excess Cash Flow Period, committed to be made prior to the date the Borrower is required to make a payment of Excess Cash Flow in respect of such Excess Cash Flow Period, (A) except to the extent the relevant Permitted Investment or Restricted Payment is financed with long term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness) and (B) without duplication of any amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow for a prior Excess Cash Flow Period; 

(ii) Capital Expenditures and acquisitions of IP Rights made in cash during such Excess Cash Flow Period or, at the option of the Borrower, in the case of any Excess Cash Flow Period, made prior to the date the Borrower is required to make a payment of Excess Cash Flow in respect of such Excess Cash Flow Period, (A) except to the extent financed with long term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness) and (B) without duplication of any amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow for a prior Excess Cash Flow Period; 

(iii) any long-term liability (other than Indebtedness), excluding the current portion of any such liability of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

31 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(iv) the aggregate amount of expenditures actually made by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such Fiscal Year (including any expenditure for the payment of financing fees) to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed; minus 

(ff) (i) the aggregate principal amount of all optional prepayments of Indebtedness (other than any optional prepayment of (A) Indebtedness that is deducted from the amount of any Excess Cash Flow payment in accordance with Section 2.11(b)(i) or (B) revolving Indebtedness except to the extent any related commitment is permanently reduced in connection with such repayment), (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all mandatory prepayments or scheduled repayments of Indebtedness during such Excess Cash Flow Period and (iii) the amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payment actually paid in cash by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to be made in connection with any prepayment of Indebtedness, in each case, except to the extent the relevant payment is financed with long term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness); minus 

(gg) the amount of cash Taxes paid or Tax reserves set aside or payable (without duplication) in such period, to the extent they exceed the amount of tax expense deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period (other than any such cash Taxes paid or reserves set aside with respect to estimated Tax obligations deducted pursuant to clause (k) in any prior period); minus 

(hh) the increase, if any, in Consolidated Working Capital from the first day to the last day of such Excess Cash Flow Period, but excluding any such increase in Consolidated Working Capital arising from (i) the acquisition or Disposition of any Person by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the reclassification during such period of current assets to long term assets and current liabilities to long term liabilities, (iii) the application of purchase or recapitalization accounting, (iv) the effect of any fluctuation in the amount of accrued and contingent obligations under any Hedge Agreement and (v) changes to Consolidated Working Capital resulting from non-cash charges and credits to Current Assets and Current Liabilities (including derivatives and deferred income tax); minus 

(ii) the amount of any Tax obligation of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is estimated in good faith by the Borrower as due and payable (but is not currently due and payable) by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as a result of the repatriation of any dividend or similar distribution of net income of any Foreign Subsidiary to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that the Borrower in good faith expects to repatriate within 12 months of the end of such period; minus 

(jj) without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in respect of a prior period, at the option of the Borrower, the aggregate amount (i) required to be paid in Cash by the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts entered into prior to or during such period relating to Capital Expenditures and acquisitions of IP Rights, Permitted Investments or Restricted Payments described in clause (g) above or (ii) otherwise committed to be made in connection with Capital Expenditures or acquisitions of IP Rights or Permitted Investments or Restricted Payments (other than Restricted Payments in the form of dividends and other distributions constituting a return on capital (as opposed to such distributions made to fund selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes and similar items) to the Investors) described in clause (g) above clauses (l)(i) and (l)(ii) , the Scheduled Consideration (other than Permitted Investments in (A) Cash and Cash Equivalents or (B) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) to be consummated or made during the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Borrower 

32 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

following the end of such period (except, in each case, to the extent financed with long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness)); provided that to the extent the aggregate amount actually utilized to finance such Capital Expenditures or acquisitions of IP Rights, Permitted Investments or Restricted Payments during such subsequent period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters is less than the Scheduled Consideration, the amount of the resulting shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such subsequent period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters; minus 

(kk) cash payments made during such Excess Cash Flow Period for any liability the accrual of which in a prior Excess Cash Flow Period did not reduce Consolidated Net Income (and so increased Excess Cash Flow in such prior period) provided that there was no other deduction to Consolidated Net Income or Excess Cash Flow related to such payment), except to the extent financed with long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness); minus 

(ll) cash expenditures made in respect of any Hedge Agreement during such period to the extent (i) not otherwise deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income and (ii) not financed with long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness); minus 

(mm) amounts paid in Cash (except to the extent financed with long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness)) during such period on account of (i) items that were accounted for as non-Cash reductions of Consolidated Net Income in a prior period and (ii) reserves or amounts established in purchase accounting to the extent such reserves or amounts are added back to, or not deducted from, Consolidated Net Income. 

Excess Cash Flow Period means each Fiscal Year, commencing with the Fiscal Year ending on December 31, 2020. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 
 Excluded Assets means each of the following: 
 (nn) (i) any asset to the extent that the Administrative Agent may not validly possess a security interest therein under applicable Requirements of Law (including rules and regulations of any Governmental Authority), (ii) any asset the grant or perfection of a security interest in which is prohibited or restricted under applicable Requirements of Law (including any requirement to obtain the consent, approval, license or authorization of any Governmental Authority) (unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained), in each case except to the extent such prohibition or restriction is ineffective under the applicable UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law, (iii) leases, contracts, agreements, licenses, franchises and permits to the extent the grant of a security interest therein is prohibited or restricted by applicable Requirements of Law or by the terms thereof (including any requirement to obtain the consent, approval, license or authorization of any third party (unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained)), in each case except to the extent such prohibition or restriction is ineffective under the applicable UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law, or (iv) equipment and assets that are subject to a Lien securing a purchase money or Capital Lease obligation permitted under this Agreement (not including assets subject to Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01(q)(iii) ), if the underlying contract or other agreement prohibits or restricts the creation of any other Lien on such equipment (including any requirement to obtain the consent of a third party) (unless such consent has been obtained) or the granting of a Lien on such assets would trigger the 

33 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

termination (or a right of termination) of any such purchase money or Capital Lease pursuant to any change of control or similar provision in favor of any third party or the ability for any third party to amend any rights, benefits or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of those assets, except to the extent such prohibition or restriction is ineffective under the applicable UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law; it being understood that any proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in this clause (a) shall not constitute Excluded Assets pursuant to this clause (a) to the extent the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed effective under the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant prohibition, violation or termination right, 

(oo) the Capital Stock of any (i) Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (ii) Unrestricted Subsidiary, (iii) not-for-profit Subsidiary or (iv) special purpose entity used for any securitization facility, 

(pp) any intent-to-use application for the registration of any Trademark or similar application under applicable federal law, provided that upon the filing and acceptance by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office of a Statement of Use , Amendment to Allege Use or similar filing with respect thereto or circumstances otherwise change so that the interests of a Loan Party in such Trademark application(s) is no longer on an intent-to-use basis, such Trademark application(s) shall automatically and without further action by the parties be considered Collateral and subject to the security interest granted by such Loan Party hereunder, 

(qq) (i) any leasehold Real Estate Asset and (ii) any owned Real Estate Asset that is not a Material Real Estate Asset, 

(rr) any interest in any partnership, joint venture or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (i) which cannot be pledged without the consent of one or more third parties other than the Borrower or any of its Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiaries (after giving effect to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable Requirement of Law) (except to the extent such consent has been obtained) or (ii) the pledge of which could give rise to a right of first refusal , a right of first offer or a similar right that may be exercised by any third party other than the Borrower or any of its Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiaries, 

(ss) any Margin Stock, 

(tt) the Capital Stock of (i) any Foreign Subsidiary and (ii) any Disregarded Domestic Person, other than 65.0 of the issued and outstanding voting Capital Stock and 100.0 of the issued and outstanding non-voting Capital Stock of any such Person that is a first-tier Foreign Subsidiary or Disregarded Domestic Person, 

(uu) Commercial Tort Claims with a value (as estimated in good faith by the Borrower) of less than 5,000,000, 

(vv) Instruments (i) under which the only relevant obligors are Loan Parties and (ii) with an outstanding balance of less than 7,500,000, 

(ww) any Cash or Cash Equivalents comprised of (i) funds used or to be used for payroll and payroll Taxes and other employee benefit payments to or for the benefit of the employees of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) funds used or to be used to pay any Taxes required 

34 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

to be collected, remitted or withheld (including U.S. federal and state withholding Taxes (including the employer s share thereof)) and (iii) any other funds which any Loan Party holds as an escrow or fiduciary for the benefit of any third Person, 

(xx) any asset or Collateral to the extent the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence of obtaining or perfecting a security interest therein outweighs the benefit of the security afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and 

(yy) any asset the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would result in a material and adverse tax consequence as reasonably determined by the Borrower and notified in writing to the Administrative Agent. 

Excluded Subsidiary means: 
 (zz) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, 

(aaa) any Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, 

(bbb) any Immaterial Subsidiary, 

(ccc) any Subsidiary (i) that is prohibited or restricted by Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation (limited, in the case of a Contractual Obligation, to such Contractual Obligations in place on the Closing Date or on the date such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and that was not incurred in contemplation thereof) from providing a Loan Guaranty, (ii) that would require a governmental consent, approval, license or authorization (including any regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization) in order to provide a Loan Guaranty (other than any such consent, approval, license or authorization that has been obtained) or (iii) if the provision of a Loan Guaranty by such Subsidiary would result in material adverse tax consequences as reasonably determined by the Borrower, 

(ddd) any not-for-profit Subsidiary, 

(eee) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, 

(fff) any special purpose entity used for any permitted securitization or receivables facility or financing, 

(ggg) any Foreign Subsidiary, 

(hhh) any Disregarded Domestic Person, 

(iii) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a CFC or a Disregarded Domestic Person, 

(jjj) without limiting clause (d) of this definition, any Subsidiary acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that, at the time of the relevant acquisition, is an obligor in respect of assumed Indebtedness that is permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(q) to the extent (as for so long as) the documentation governing such Indebtedness prohibits such Subsidiary from providing a Loan Guaranty; provided that such prohibition was not incurred or amended in contemplation of such acquisition, 

35 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(kkk) any Broker-Dealer Subsidiary, 

(lll) any Subsidiary that is a trust company organized pursuant to the laws of the United States, any state or any other jurisdiction therein, 

(mmm) any Subsidiary that is an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, 

(nnn) any Investment Vehicle, 

(ooo) any other Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the burden or cost of providing a Loan Guaranty outweighs the benefits afforded thereby, and 

(ppp) for the avoidance of doubt, any Investment Manager Subsidiary shall not be an Excluded Subsidiary. 

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Loan Guaranty of such Loan Guarantor of, or the grant by such Loan Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Loan Guaranty thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the Loan Guaranty of such Loan Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Loan Guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or Issuing Bank, or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder, (a) Taxes (i) imposed on (or measured by) net income (however denominated) or franchise Taxes, in each case, imposed by the jurisdiction under the Requirements of Law under which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the U.S. or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction described in clause a(i) or (ii) , (c) any U.S. federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to the relevant recipient pursuant to a law in effect at the time the relevant recipient becomes a party to this Agreement or acquires an interest in any Commitment (or designates a new lending office), except (i) pursuant to an assignment or designation of a new lending office under Section 2.19(b) and (ii) to the extent that the relevant recipient was entitled, immediately before designation of a new lending office (or, in the case of an assignment, to the extent the assignor was entitled immediately before assignment), to receive additional amounts from any Loan Party with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 2.17 , (d) any Tax imposed as a result of a failure by the relevant recipient to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (e) any U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement dated as of February 12, 2018 by and among the Borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent. 
 36 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Extended Revolving Credit Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(i) . 
 Extended Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(i) . 
 Extended Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a)(ii) . 
 Extension has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 Extension Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (for purposes of giving effect to Section 2.23 and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Loan Parties, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that has accepted the applicable Extension Offer pursuant hereto and in accordance with Section 2.23 . 
 Extension Offer has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a) . 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations, official guidance or interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any intergovernmental agreements (or related legislation or official administrative rules) implementing any of the foregoing. 
 FCPA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.19(c) . 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided, that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate for any day is less than zero, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day will be deemed to be zero. 
 Fee Letter means that certain fee letter dated as of November 6, 2018 between the Borrower and the Lead Arrangers (as amended by that certain Joinder Agreement to Project Eagle/Patriot Commitment Letter, dated as of November 30, 2018 between the Borrower and the Lead Arrangers and as further amended by that certain Amended and Restated Joinder Agreement to Project Eagle/Patriot Commitment Letter, dated as of December 3, 2018 between the Borrower and the Lead Arrangers). 
 FINRA means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or any other self-regulatory body which succeeds to the functions of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. 
 First Amendment means that certain First Amendment to this Amendment, dated as of January 17, 2020, among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, and the Administrative Agent. 
 First Amendment Effective Date means the First Amendment Effective Date under and as defined in the First Amendment. 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated First Lien Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended to (b) Consolidated Adjusted 
 37 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended, in each case, of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 First Priority means, with respect to any Lien purported to be created in any Collateral pursuant to any Collateral Document, that, subject to any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, such Lien is senior in priority to any other Lien to which such Collateral is subject, other than any Permitted Lien. 
 Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year. 
 Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31 of each calendar year. 
 Fixed Amounts has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.09(d) . 
 Fixed Incremental Amount means (a) the greater of 415,000,000 and 100.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period minus (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Incremental Facilities and Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred or issued in reliance on the Fixed Incremental Amount. 
 Flood Hazard Property means any parcel of any Material Real Estate Asset subject to a Mortgage located in the U.S. in an area designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as having special flood or mud slide hazards. 
 Foreign Benefit Event means with respect to any Foreign Pension Plan, (a) the failure of any such Foreign Pension Plan or any trust thereunder intended to qualify for tax exempt status under any Requirements of Law, (b) the existence of unfunded liabilities in excess of the amount permitted under any Requirements of Law, (c) the failure to make the required contributions or payments under any Requirements of Law on or before the due date for such contributions or payments, (d) the receipt of a notice by a Governmental Authority relating to its intention to terminate any such Foreign Pension Plan or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer any such Foreign Pension Plan, or alleging the insolvency of any such Foreign Pension Plan, (e) the incurrence of any liability on account of the complete or partial termination of such Foreign Pension Plan or the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer therein, or (f) the occurrence of any transaction that is prohibited under any Requirements of Law and that could reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party, or the imposition on any Loan Party of any fine, excise tax or penalty resulting from any noncompliance with any Requirement of Law, in the case of the acts, omissions, and occurrences described in clauses (a) through (f) above, only to the extent that such acts, omissions or occurrences could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender or Issuing Bank that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 Foreign Pension Plan means any defined benefit pension plan or other similar program established or maintained outside the United States by any Loan Party for employees of any Loan Party residing outside the United States, which fund or other similar program provides, or results in, retirement income, a deferral of income in contemplation of retirement or payments to be made upon termination of employment, and which plan is not subject to ERISA or the Code. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 38 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. in effect and applicable to the accounting period in respect of which reference to GAAP is made. 
 Governmental Authority means any federal, state, municipal, national or other government, governmental department, commission, board, bureau, court, agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity or officer exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative power or functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with a state or locality of the U.S., the U.S., or a foreign government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Governmental Authorization means any permit, license, authorization, plan, directive, consent order or consent decree of or from any Governmental Authority. 
 Granting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(e) . 
 Growth Available Incremental Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Incremental Cap. 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the Guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the Guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person (the Primary Obligor in any manner and including any obligation of the Guarantor (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the Primary Obligor so as to enable the Primary Obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or monetary obligation, (e) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) or (f) secured by any Lien on any assets of such Guarantor securing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or monetary other obligation is assumed by such Guarantor (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation to obtain any such Lien); provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition, Disposition or other transaction permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. 
 Hazardous Materials means any chemical, material, substance or waste, or any constituent thereof that is defined, listed or regulated as hazardous, toxic, a pollutant or a contaminant under applicable Environmental Law. 
 Hazardous Materials Activity means any past, current, proposed or threatened activity, event or occurrence involving any Hazardous Material, including the storage, holding, presence, existence, location, Release, threatened Release, discharge, placement, generation, transportation, processing, construction, 
 39 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

treatment, abatement, removal, remediation, disposal, disposition or handling of any Hazardous Material, and any corrective action or response action with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Hedge Agreement means any agreement with respect to any Derivative Transaction between any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person. 
 Hedging Obligations means, with respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person under any Hedge Agreement. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means, as of any date, any Restricted Subsidiary designated by the Borrower pursuant to written notice provided to the Administrative Agent as an Immaterial Subsidiary provided that no Borrower may be designated as an Immaterial Subsidiary; provided , further , that (a) the gross assets of any Immaterial Subsidiary (after eliminating any intercompany obligations) shall not exceed 5.0 of Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, and (b) the contribution to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of any Immaterial Subsidiary shall not exceed 5.0 of the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period; and provided , further , that, if (i) the combined gross assets (after eliminating any intercompany obligations) of all Immaterial Subsidiaries exceeds 5.0 of Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) the contribution to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of all Immaterial Subsidiaries exceeds 5.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, the Borrower shall designate one or more of such Subsidiaries as non-Immaterial Subsidiaries pursuant to written notice provided to the Administrative Agent, such, after giving effect thereto, (x) the combined gross assets (after eliminating any intercompany obligations) of all Immaterial Subsidiaries does not exceed 5.0 of Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and (y) the contribution to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of all Immaterial Subsidiaries does not exceed 5.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. 
 Immediate Family Member means, with respect to any individual, such individual s child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, former domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-in-law (including adoptive relationships), any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate-planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals, such individual s estate (or an executor or administrator acting on its behalf), heirs or legatees or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. 
 Incremental Cap means: 
 (a) the Fixed Incremental Amount; plus 

(b) (1) the amount of (A) any optional prepayment of any (x) Term Loan in accordance with Section 2.11(a) , (y) Incremental Equivalent Debt (to the extent originally incurred using the Fixed Incremental Amount) or (z) Refinancing Indebtedness or (B) any permanent reduction of any Revolving Credit Commitment and (2) the cash amount paid in respect of any reduction in any Term Loan (other than any Incremental Term Facility incurred pursuant to clause (c) below) resulting from assignments to (and purchases by) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case so long as such optional prepayment or assignment and purchase, as the case may be, was not funded with the proceeds of any Refinancing Indebtedness or other long-term Indebtedness 

40 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(other than revolving Indebtedness) or with proceeds constituting a Cure Amount (such amount, the Growth Available Incremental Amount ); plus 

(c) an unlimited amount so long as, in the case of this clause (c) , after giving effect to the relevant Incremental Facility, (i) if the relevant Incremental Facility is unsecured or secured solely by assets that do not constitute Collateral, the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period (including the application of the proceeds thereof (without netting the cash proceeds of the applicable Incremental Facility) and, in the case of any Incremental Commitment, assuming a full drawing of such Incremental Commitment) does not exceed, at the election of the Borrower, (A) 4.50:1.00 or (B) if the relevant Incremental Facility is incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment, the Total Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment, (ii) if the relevant Incremental Facility is secured by Liens on the Collateral that are junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Term Facility, the Secured Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period (including the application of the proceeds thereof (without netting the cash proceeds of the applicable Incremental Facility) and, in the case of any Incremental Commitment, assuming a full drawing of such Incremental Commitment) does not exceed, at the election of the Borrower, (A) 4.50:1.00 or (B) if the relevant Incremental Facility is incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment, the Secured Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment, and (iii) if the relevant Incremental Facility is secured by Liens on the Collateral that are pari passu with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Term Facility, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period (including the application of the proceeds thereof (without netting the cash proceeds of the applicable Incremental Facility) and, in the case of any Incremental Commitment, assuming a full drawing of such Incremental Commitment) does not exceed, at the election of the Borrower, (A) 2.65:1.00 or (B) if the relevant Incremental Facility is incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment, the First Lien Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment; 

provided that (x) (I) the Borrower may elect to use amounts under clause (c) above (to the extent compliant therewith) prior to utilization of amounts under clauses (a) or (b) above; provided that, if the Borrower does not make such election, the Borrower will be deemed to have elected to use clause (c) above first and (II) Incremental Facilities and/or Incremental Equivalent Debt may be incurred simultaneously under clauses (a) through (c) above, and proceeds from any such incurrence may be utilized in a single transaction by first calculating the incurrence under clause (c) above and then calculating the incurrence under clauses (a) and/or (b) above specifying the amount so requested under each such clause and (y) the Borrower may re-designate any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt originally designated as incurred under clauses (a) and/or (b) above as having been incurred under clause (c) above so long as, at the time of such re-designation, the Borrower would be permitted to incur under clause (c) above the aggregate principal amount of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt being so re-designated (for purposes of clarity, with any such re-designation having the effect of increasing the Borrower s ability to incur indebtedness under clauses (a) and/or (b) above as of the date of such re-designation by the amount of the Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt so re-designated); provided , further , that, unless the Borrower elects otherwise, any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt originally designated as incurred under clauses (a) and/or (b) above shall be automatically reclassified as having been incurred under clause (c) above if the Total Leverage Ratio, Secured Leverage Ratio or First Lien Leverage Ratio, as applicable, test under clause (c) above is satisfied at any time after the incurrence of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt. 
 41 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Incremental Commitment means any commitment made by a lender to provide all or any portion of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Loan. 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt means Indebtedness in the form of secured or unsecured notes or loans or junior secured or unsecured notes or loans or commitments in respect of any of the foregoing issued, incurred or implemented in lieu of loans which would otherwise be permitted to be incurred under an Incremental Facility; provided that: 
 (d) the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof shall not exceed the Incremental Cap; 

(e) on the date that such notes or loans or commitments are issued, incurred or implemented, the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of such date; provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, it shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided , further , that representations and warranties that are qualified by material , material adverse effect or a similar term shall be true and correct in all respects; 

(f) no Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) exists or would exist immediately after giving effect to such notes or loans and, except as otherwise agreed by the lenders or holders providing such notes or loans in connection with an acquisition or other Investment permitted under this Agreement, no other Event of Default exists or would exist immediately after giving effect to such notes or loans; 

(g) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity applicable to any such Indebtedness in the form of notes or term loans is no shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the then-existing Term Loans; provided that this requirement shall not apply to Incremental Equivalent Debt in the form of one-year bridge loans that are convertible or exchangeable into other instruments meeting the requirements set forth in this definition (but for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any loans, securities or other debt which are exchanged for or otherwise replace such bridge loans); 

(h) the final maturity date with respect to such notes or loans is no earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date on the date of the issuance or incurrence, as applicable, thereof; provided that this requirement shall not apply to Incremental Equivalent Debt in the form of one-year bridge loans that are convertible or exchangeable into other instruments meeting the requirements set forth in this definition (but for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any loans, securities or other debt which are exchanged for or otherwise replace such bridge loans); 

(i) in the case of any such Indebtedness incurred in the form of term loans that are pari passu with the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans with respect to security (other than any such Indebtedness that constitutes MFN Adjustment Excluded Indebtedness), the Effective Yield applicable thereto (as determined on the date of initial incurrence thereof) will not be more than 0.50 per annum higher than the Effective Yield in respect of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans (as determined on such date), as applicable, unless the Effective Yield with respect to the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, as applicable, is adjusted to be equal to such Effective Yield applicable to such Indebtedness, minus , 0.50 per annum; provided that solely with respect to 2021 

42 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Incremental Term Loans, this clause (f) shall only apply through and including the date that is 12 months after the Third Amendment Effective Date. 

(j) (i) any such notes or loans must rank pari passu with or junior to the Term Facility in right of payment and may rank pari passu with or junior to the Term Facility with respect to security or may be unsecured and (ii) to the extent such notes or loans are ranked pari passu with the Term Facility with respect to security or are subordinated to the Term Facility in right of payment or security, they shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; 

(k) no such Indebtedness may be (x) guaranteed by any Person which is not a Loan Party or (y) secured by any assets other than the Collateral; and 

(l) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition or in any other provision of any Loan Document, if the proceeds of any Incremental Equivalent Debt are intended to be applied to finance an acquisition or other Investment that is permitted under this Agreement, the conditions to entering into and availability of such Incremental Equivalent Debt (including applicability of customary SunGard or other certain funds conditionality but without in any way limiting the other applicable conditions to Incremental Equivalent Debt specified in this Agreement), and the timing of satisfaction or waiver of any such conditions (as between being satisfied or waived upon execution of an amendment evidencing such Incremental Equivalent Debt or upon the making of any notes or loans thereunder), shall be as agreed to among the Borrower and the lenders in respect of such Incremental Equivalent Debt; provided that no Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) exists or would exist immediately after giving effect to such Incremental Equivalent Debt. 

Incremental Facilities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 Incremental Facility Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (solely for purposes of giving effect to Section 2.22 and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Loan Parties, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of the Incremental Facility being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 2.22 . 
 Incremental Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 Incremental Revolving Commitment means any commitment made by a lender to provide all or any portion of any Incremental Revolving Facility. 
 Incremental Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 Incremental Revolving Facility Lender means, with respect to any Incremental Revolving Facility, each Revolving Lender providing any portion of such Incremental Revolving Facility. 
 Incremental Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 Incremental Term Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 Incremental Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(a) . 
 Incurrence-Based Amounts has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.09(d) . 
 43 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Indebtedness as applied to any Person means, without duplication: 
 (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money; 

(b) that portion of obligations with respect to Capital Leases to the extent recorded (or required to be recorded) as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; 

(c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments to the extent the same would appear as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; 

(d) any obligation of such Person owed for all or any part of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) any earn-out obligation or purchase price adjustment until such obligation (A) becomes a liability on the statement of financial position or balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person in accordance with GAAP and (B) has not been paid within sixty (60) days after becoming due and payable, (ii) any such obligations incurred under ERISA, (iii) accrued expenses and trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business (including on an inter-company basis) and (iv) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits), which purchase price is (A) due more than six months from the date of incurrence of the obligation in respect thereof or (B) evidenced by a note or similar written instrument; 

(e) all Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien on any asset owned or held by such Person regardless of whether the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed by such Person or is non-recourse to the credit of such Person; 

(f) the face amount of any letter of credit issued for the account of such Person or as to which such Person is otherwise liable for reimbursement of drawings; 

(g) the Guarantee by such Person of the Indebtedness of another; 

(h) all obligations of such Person in respect of any Disqualified Capital Stock; and 

(i) all net obligations of such Person under any Hedge Agreement, whether or not entered into for hedging or speculative purposes; 

provided that (i) in no event shall obligations under any Derivative Transaction be deemed Indebtedness for any calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio or any other financial ratio under this Agreement and (ii) the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any third person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner and any unincorporated joint venture in which such Person is a joint venturer) to the extent such Person would be liable therefor under applicable Requirements of Law or any agreement or instrument by virtue of such Person s ownership interest in such Person, (A) except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor and (B) only to the extent the relevant Indebtedness is of the type that would be included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, 
 44 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

the term Indebtedness shall not include, and shall be calculated without giving effect to, (x) the effects of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose hereunder as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness hereunder but for the application of this proviso shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness hereunder) and (y) the effects of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivative created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this sentence shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement). For the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness shall exclude ordinary course intercompany payables among the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Indemnified Taxes means Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b) . 
 Information has the meaning set forth in Section 3.11(a) . 
 Information Materials means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated May 21, 2019 relating to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the Transactions. 
 Initial Revolving Credit Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Initial Revolving Loans (and acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans) hereunder as set forth on the Commitment Schedule, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender assumed its Initial Revolving Credit Commitment, as applicable, as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 or 2.19 , (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.05 or (c) increased pursuant to Section 2.23 . The aggregate amount of the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments as of the Closing Date is 100,000,000. 
 Initial Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of all Initial Revolving Loans of such Lender, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lender s LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure, in each case, attributable to its Initial Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date means the date that is five years after the Closing Date. 
 Initial Revolving Facility means the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments and the Initial Revolving Loans and other extensions of credit thereunder. 
 Initial Revolving Lender means any Lender with an Initial Revolving Credit Commitment or any Initial Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 Initial Revolving Loan means any revolving loan made by the Initial Revolving Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(ii) . 
 45 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Initial Term Lender means any Lender with an Initial Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Initial Term Loan. 
 Initial Term Loan Commitment means, with respect to each Term Lender, the commitment of such Term Lender to make Initial Term Loans under this Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Term Lender s name on the Commitment Schedule (or the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Term Lender became a Lender), as the same may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (i) assignments by or to such Term Lender pursuant to Section 9.05 or (ii) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.22 or Section 2.23 . The aggregate amount of the Initial Term Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 1,100,000,000. 
 Initial Term Loans means the term loans made by the Initial Term Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(i) on the Closing Date. 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement means any agreement executed on or after the Closing Date confirming or effecting the grant of any Lien on IP Rights owned by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with this Agreement, including a Patent Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 , a Trademark Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit J-2 and a Copyright Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit J-3 . 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower in the form of Exhibit D or another form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08 . 
 Interest Payment Date means , (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December (commencing with the last Business Day of September, 2019) and the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date or the maturity date applicable to such Loan and , (b) with respect to any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day that would have been an prior to the last day of such Interest Payment Date had successive Interest Periods Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration been applicable to such Borrowing after the first day of such Interest Period . 
 Interest Period means with respect to any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months (or, to the extent consented to by all affected Lenders, twelve months or a shorter period) thereafter, as the Borrower may elect; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans outstanding on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, such 2021 Incremental Term Loans may be converted into Term SOFR Loans with an initial Interest Period shorter than one month; provided that (1) such period shall end on the last 
 46 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

day of the Interest Period that is then-applicable to the Initial Term Loans outstanding on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, and (2) the interest with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans for such period shall be accrued on the basis of Adjusted Term SOFR for an Interest Period of one month. 
 Interpolated Rate means, in relation to the LIBO Rate, the rate which results from interpolating on a linear basis between: 
 (a) the applicable LIBO Rate for the longest period (for which that LIBO Rate is available) which is less than the Interest Period of that Loan; and 
 (b) the applicable LIBO Rate for the shortest period (for which that LIBO Rate is available) which exceeds the Interest Period of that Loan, each as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London, England time) two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period of that Loan. 
 Introducing Broker has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term Broker-Dealer Subsidiary. 
 Investment means (a) any purchase or other acquisition by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of the Securities of any other Person (other than any Loan Party), (b) the acquisition by purchase or otherwise (other than any purchase or other acquisition of inventory, materials, supplies or equipment in the ordinary course of business) of all or a substantial portion of the business, property or fixed assets of any other Person or any division or line of business or other business unit of any other Person and (c) any loan, advance or capital contribution by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any other Person. Subject to Section 5.09 , the amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment, plus the cost of any addition thereto that otherwise constitutes an Investment, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect thereto, less any cash repayments thereof and returns thereon (whether as a principal payment, distribution, dividend, redemption or sale but not in excess of the amount of the relevant initial Investment) and other than any such amount that increases the Available Amount. 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations thereunder 
 Investment Manager Subsidiary means each Subsidiary that is duly registered, licensed or qualified as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. 
 Investment Vehicle means (a) a separate account, investment strategy, fund or vehicle for collective investing (in whatever form of organization, including a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity, including each separate portfolio or series of any of the foregoing, and including any entity investing in collateralized loan obligations or collateralized debt obligations) that is managed directly or indirectly by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (b) any separate account, investment strategy, fund or vehicle for collective investing that, upon the making of an Investment therein or upon the acquisition of the related management rights with respect thereto, would be an Investment Vehicle pursuant to clause (a) above, and (c) any entity created for the sole purpose of receiving funds to be invested in a separate account, investment strategy, fund or vehicle for collective investing that constitutes an Investment Vehicle pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) above. 
 Investors means, collectively, the Sponsors and the Management Investors. 
 47 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

IP Rights has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.05(c) . 
 IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank and in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit). 
 Issuing Bank means, as the context may require, (a) each of Barclays, Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of Montreal, KeyBank National Association, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A. and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and (b) any other Revolving Lender that is appointed as an Issuing Bank in accordance with Section 2.05(i) hereof. Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by any Affiliate of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 Judgment Currency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.22 . 
 Junior Indebtedness means any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness among the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount. 
 Junior Lien Indebtedness means any Indebtedness that is secured by a security interest on the Collateral (other than Indebtedness among the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries) that is expressly junior or subordinated to the Lien securing the Obligations with an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount. 
 Latest Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Loan or commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Term Loan, Term Commitment, Revolving Loan or Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Revolving Loan or Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder at such time. 
 Latest Term Loan Maturity Date means, as of any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Term Loan or Term Commitment hereunder at such time. 
 LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(j) . 
 LC Commitment means (a) with respect to Barclays, 2,000,000, (b) with respect to Royal Bank of Canada, 2,000,000, (c) with respect to Bank of Montreal, 2,000,000, (d) with respect to KeyBank National Association, 2,000,000, (e) with respect to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 1,000,000, (f) with respect to Bank of America, N.A., 500,000, (g) with respect to Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., 500,000, and (h) with respect to any other Issuing Bank, an amount, not greater than the Letter of Credit Sublimit, agreed to by such Issuing Bank. 
 LC Disbursement means a payment or disbursement made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 48 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall equal its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices (ISP98), such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 
 Lead Arrangers means, collectively, the Term Lead Arrangers and Revolving Lead Arrangers. 
 Legal Reservations means the application of relevant Debtor Relief Laws, general principles of equity or principles of good faith and fair dealing. 
 Lenders means the Term Lenders, the Revolving Lenders, any Additional Lender, any lender with an Additional Commitment or an outstanding Additional Loan and any other Person that becomes a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders shall include the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Letter of Credit Reimbursement Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(e) . 
 Letter-of-Credit Right has the meaning set forth in Article 9 of the UCC. 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means 10,000,000, subject to increase in accordance with Section 2.22 hereof. 
 LIBO Rate means for any Interest Period as to any LIBO Rate Loan, (i) the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate which appears on the page of the Reuters Screen which displays the London interbank offered rate administered by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (such page currently being the LIBOR01 page) for deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period in Dollars, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London, England time), two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, or (ii) in the event the rate referenced in the preceding clause (i) does not appear on such page or service or if such page or service shall cease to be available, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate on such other page or other service which displays the LIBO Rate for deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period in Dollars, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London, England time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided that if LIBO Rates are quoted under either of the preceding clauses (i) or (ii) , but there is no such quotation for the Interest Period elected, the LIBO Rate shall be equal to the Interpolated Rate; and provided , further , that if any such rate determined pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) or (ii) is less than zero, the LIBO Rate will be deemed to be zero; provided , further , that 
 49 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

solely with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, if any such rate determined pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) or (ii) is less than 0.50 , the LIBO Rate will be deemed to be 0.50 . 
 LIBO Rate Borrowing means any Borrowing at the LIBO Rate. 
 LIBO Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest with reference to the LIBO Rate. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any Capital Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), in each case, in the nature of security; provided that in no event shall an operating lease in and of itself be deemed to constitute a Lien. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, any Promissory Note, each Loan Guaranty, the Collateral Documents, each Refinancing Amendment, each Incremental Facility Amendment, each Extension Amendment and any other document or instrument designated by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent as a Loan Document. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto. 
 Loan Guarantor means (x) on the Closing Date, each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not an Excluded Subsidiary on the Closing Date and (y) thereafter, each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not an Excluded Subsidiary and that becomes a guarantor of the Secured Obligations pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, in each case, until such time as the relevant Subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. 
 Loan Guaranty means (a) the Guaranty Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit I , executed by each Loan Party thereto and the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (b) each other guaranty agreement executed by any Person pursuant to Section 5.11 in substantially the form attached as Exhibit I or another form that is otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Loan Parties means the Borrower and each Loan Guarantor. 
 Loans means any Initial Term Loan, any Additional Term Loan, any Revolving Loan, any Additional Revolving Loan or any Swingline Loan. 
 Management Investors means the directors, officers and employees of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company who are (directly or indirectly through one or more Investment Vehicles) investors in the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company. 
 Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations, in each case, of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under the applicable Loan Documents or (iii) the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their payment obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 50 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Material Debt Instrument means any physical instrument evidencing any Indebtedness for borrowed money which is required to be pledged and delivered to the Administrative Agent (or its bailee) pursuant to the Security Agreement. 
 Material Real Estate Asset means (a) on the Closing Date, the Loan Parties fee-owned Real Estate Assets located in the United States and listed on Schedule 1.01(c) and (b) any fee-owned Real Estate Asset located in the United States and acquired by the Loan Parties after the Closing Date having a fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith after taking into account any liabilities with respect thereto that impact such fair market value) in excess of 10,000,000 as of the date of acquisition thereof. 
 Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Initial Revolving Facility, the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (b) with respect to the Tranche B-2 Term Loans, the Term Loan Maturity Date, (c) with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, the 2021 Incremental Term Loan Maturity Date, (d) with respect to any Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Facility, the final maturity date for such Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Facility, as the case may be, as set forth in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, (e) with respect to any Incremental Facility, the final maturity date set forth in the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment, and (f) with respect to any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment or Extended Term Loans, the final maturity date set forth in the applicable Extension Amendment. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.19 . 
 MFN Adjustment Excluded Indebtedness means (i) Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Equivalent Debt that are customary bridge loans and/or term A loans, and (ii) solely with respect to 2021 Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Equivalent Debt that are incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment. 
 Minimum Extension Condition has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(b) . 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or any successor by merger or consolidation to its business. 
 Mortgage means any mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt, trust deed or other agreement which conveys or evidences a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the relevant Secured Parties, on any Material Real Estate Asset constituting Collateral. 
 Mortgage Policies has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement . 
 Multiemployer Plan means any Benefit Plan which is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA, that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA, and in respect of which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party, makes or is obligated to make contributions, or with respect to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party has any obligation or liability. 
 Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds means an amount equal to: (a) any Cash payments or proceeds (including Cash Equivalents) received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) under any casualty insurance policy in respect of a covered loss thereunder of any assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) as a result of the taking of any assets of the Borrower or any of the Restricted 
 51 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Subsidiaries by any Person pursuant to the power of eminent domain, condemnation or otherwise, or pursuant to a sale of any such assets to a purchaser with such power under threat of such a taking, minus (b) (i) any actual out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the adjustment, settlement or collection of any claims of the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary in respect thereof, (ii) payment of the outstanding principal amount of, premium or penalty, if any, and interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness (other than the Secured Obligations, Indebtedness under any Credit Facility and any Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with or expressly subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations) that is secured by a Lien on the assets in question and that is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due or would be in default under the terms thereof as a result of such loss, taking or sale, (iii) in the case of a taking, the reasonable out-of-pocket costs of putting any affected property in a safe and secure position, (iv) any selling costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable broker s fees or commissions, legal fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred in connection therewith and transfer and similar Taxes and the Borrower s good faith estimate of income Taxes paid or payable (including, without duplication, pursuant to Tax sharing arrangements or any Tax distribution)) in connection with any sale or taking of such assets as described in clause (a) of this definition, (v) any amounts provided as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustments associated with any sale or taking of such assets as referred to in clause (a) of this definition provided that to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds) and (vi) in the case of any covered loss or taking from any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the pro rata portion thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (vi) attributable to any minority interest and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result thereof. 
 Net Proceeds means (a) with respect to any Disposition (including any Prepayment Asset Sale), the Cash proceeds (including Cash Equivalents and Cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received), net of (i) selling costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable broker s fees or commissions, legal fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred in connection therewith and transfer and similar Taxes and the Borrower s good faith estimate of income Taxes paid or payable (including, without duplication, pursuant to Tax sharing arrangements or any Tax distributions) in connection with such Disposition), (ii) amounts provided as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustment associated with such Disposition provided that to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve, such amounts shall constitute Net Proceeds), (iii) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness (other than the Secured Obligations and any other Indebtedness secured by a Lien that is pari passu with or expressly junior or subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations) which is secured by the asset sold in such Disposition and which is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due or would be in default and is repaid (other than any such Indebtedness that is assumed by the purchaser of such asset), (iv) Cash escrows (until released from escrow to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) from the sale price for such Disposition and (v) in the case of any Disposition by any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the pro rata portion of the Net Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (v) attributable to any minority interest and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result thereof; and (b) with respect to any issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness or Capital 
 52 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Stock, the Cash proceeds thereof, net of all Taxes and fees, commissions, costs, underwriting discounts and other fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(b) . 
 Non-Debt Fund Affiliate means each Sponsor and each Affiliate of such Sponsor (other than any Affiliate of such Sponsor that is a Debt Fund Affiliate). 
 Non-Public Information means material non-public information (within the meaning of United States federal securities laws) with respect to the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective Securities. 
 Not Otherwise Applied means, with respect to the any proceeds of any transaction or event, that such proceeds were not (a) required to be applied to repay the Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b) , or (b) previously (or concurrently) applied in determining the permissibility of a transaction under the Loan Documents where such permissibility was (or may have been) contingent on the receipt or availability of such proceeds (including with respect to the making of any Investments, Restricted Payments or Restricted Debt Payments). 
 Notice of Intent to Cure has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.14(b) . 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest (including interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and all other advances to, debts, liabilities and obligations of any Loan Party to the Lenders or to any Lender, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any indemnified party arising under the Loan Documents in respect of any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute, contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising. 
 OFAC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.19(a) . 
 Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, its certificate or articles of incorporation or organization and its by-laws, (b) with respect to any limited partnership, its certificate of limited partnership and its partnership agreement, (c) with respect to any general partnership, its partnership agreement, (d) with respect to any limited liability company, its articles of organization or certificate of formation, and its operating agreement, and (e) with respect to any other form of entity, such other organizational documents required by local Requirements of Law or customary under such jurisdiction to document the formation and governance principles of such type of entity. In the event that any term or condition of this Agreement or any other Loan Document requires any Organizational Document to be certified by a secretary of state or similar governmental official, the reference to any such Organizational Document shall only be to a document of a type customarily certified by such governmental official. 
 Other Applicable Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(i) . 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from such recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received 
 53 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary Taxes or any intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery, performance, registration or enforcement of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, but not including Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19(b) ), or for the avoidance of doubt, any Excluded Taxes. 
 Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to any Term Loan or Revolving Loan on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such Term Loan or Revolving Loan, as the case may be, occurring on such date, (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit and (c) with respect to any LC Disbursement on any date, the amount of the aggregate outstanding amount of such LC Disbursement on such date after giving effect to any disbursements with respect to any Letter of Credit occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of such LC Disbursement as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of such unreimbursed LC Disbursement. 
 Parent Company means any Person of which the Borrower is a direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(c) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(c) . 
 Patent means the following: (a) any and all patents and patent applications; (b) all inventions described and claimed therein; (c) all reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations in part thereof; and (d) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Pension Plan means any Benefit Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to Title IV of ERISA, Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, in which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party maintains or contributes to or has an obligation to contribute to or otherwise has any liability or obligation. 
 Perfection Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E . 
 Perfection Certificate Supplement means a supplement to the Perfection Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F . 
 Perfection Requirements means, with respect to Collateral, the filing of appropriate financing statements with the office of the Secretary of State of the state of organization of each Loan Party, the filing of appropriate assignments or notices with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the U.S. Copyright Office, as applicable, the proper recording or filing, as applicable, of Mortgages and fixture filings with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset constituting Collateral, in each case in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and the delivery to the Administrative Agent of any stock 
 54 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

certificate or promissory note, together with instruments of transfer executed in blank, in each case, to the extent required by the applicable Loan Documents. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether by purchase, merger, amalgamation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division or product line (including research and development and related assets in respect of any product) of, any Person or of a majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person who is engaged in a Similar Business (and, in any event, including any Investment in (x) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (y) any joint venture constituting a Subsidiary for the purpose of increasing the Borrower s or such Restricted Subsidiary s ownership interest in such joint venture); provided that (I) immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and (II) the total consideration paid (directly or indirectly) by Persons that are Loan Parties for (a) the Capital Stock of any Person that does not become a Loan Party or (b) in the case of an asset acquisition, assets that are not acquired by any Loan Party, when taken together with the total consideration for all such Persons and assets so acquired after the Closing Date, shall not exceed (together with any Investments in a non-Loan Party pursuant to clause (b)(iii) of the definition of Permitted Investment) the sum of (i) the greater of 145,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period plus (ii) amounts otherwise available to be invested in a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party under Section 6.04(a) ; provided that the limitation described in this proviso shall not apply to any acquisition to the extent (A) any such consideration is financed with the proceeds of sales of the Qualified Capital Stock of, or common equity capital contributions to, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or (B) the Person so acquired (or the Person owning the assets so acquired) becomes a Loan Guarantor even though such Person owns Capital Stock in Persons that are not otherwise required to become Loan Guarantors, if, in the case of this clause (B) , at least 60.0 of the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Person(s) acquired in such acquisition (or the Persons owning the assets so acquired) (for this purpose and for the component definitions used in the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA , determined on a consolidated basis for such Person(s) and the Restricted Subsidiaries) is generated by Person(s) that will become Loan Guarantors (i.e., disregarding any Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA generated by Restricted Subsidiaries of such Persons that are not (or will not become) Loan Guarantors). 
 Permitted Holders means (a) the Investors and (b) any Person with which one or more Investors form a group (within the meaning of Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act) so long as, in the case of this clause (b) , the relevant Investors beneficially own more than 50 of the relevant voting stock beneficially owned by the group. 
 Permitted Investment means the following: 
 (a) Investments in Cash and Investments that were Cash Equivalents at the time made; 

(b) (i) Investments existing on the Closing Date in the Borrower or in any Subsidiary, (ii) Investments made after the Closing Date among the Borrower or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties, (iii) Investments made after the Closing Date by any Loan Party in any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed (together with any Permitted Acquisition of a non-Loan Party pursuant to clause (b)(i) of the definition of Permitted Investment the greater of 145,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, (iv) Investments made by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in any Loan Party or any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and (v) Investments made by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in the form of any contribution or 

55 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Disposition of the Capital Stock of any Person that is not a Loan Party, in each case, to the extent not prohibited by Section 6.07 ; 

(c) Investments (i) constituting deposits, prepayments or other credits to suppliers, (ii) made in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts or (iii) in the form of advances made to distributors, suppliers, licensors and licensees, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or, in the case of this clause (iii) , to the extent necessary to maintain the ordinary course of supplies to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(d) Investments in Similar Businesses in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of 25,000,000 and 6.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; 

(e) (i) Permitted Acquisitions and (ii) Investments in Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties in amounts required to permit such Restricted Subsidiaries to consummate Permitted Acquisitions; 

(f) Investments (i) existing on, or contractually committed to or contemplated as of, the Closing Date and, in the case of any such Investment with an outstanding amount in excess of 2,500,000, described on Schedule 1.01(d) and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment described in clause (i) above so long as no such modification, renewal or extension increases the amount of such Investment except by the terms thereof or as otherwise permitted by this definition; 

(g) Investments received in lieu of Cash in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 6.07 ; 

(h) loans or advances to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants or independent contractors (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company or any joint venture to the extent permitted by Requirements of Law, in connection with such Person s purchase of Capital Stock of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company, either (i) in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed greater of 37,500,000 and 9.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period or (ii) so long as the proceeds of such loan or advance are substantially contemporaneously contributed to the Borrower for the purchase of such Capital Stock; 

(i) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) Investments consisting of (or resulting from) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 (other than Indebtedness permitted under Sections 6.01(b and (h) ), Permitted Liens, Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.04 (other than Sections 6.04(a)(i)(F) and 6.04(a)(ix) ), Restricted Debt Payments permitted by Section 6.04(b) and mergers, consolidations, amalgamations, liquidations, windings up, dissolutions or Dispositions permitted by Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(a) (if made in reliance on subclause (ii)(y) of the proviso thereto), Section 6.07(b) (if made in reliance on clause (ii) therein), Section 6.07(c)(ii) (if made in reliance on clause (B) therein) and Section 6.07(g)) ; 

(k) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers; 

56 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(l) Investments (including debt obligations and Capital Stock) received (i) in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Person, (ii) in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers, suppliers and other account debtors arising in the ordinary course of business, (iii) upon foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment or (iv) as a result of the settlement, compromise, resolution of litigation, arbitration or other disputes; 

(m) (i) loans and advances of payroll payments or other compensation to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants of any Parent Company (to the extent such payments or other compensation relate to services provided to such Parent Company or its Subsidiaries (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such amount, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any Subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries)) in the ordinary course of business and (ii) any advance to any current or former employee, officer, director, member of management, manager, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary, or any Parent Company for moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Investments to the extent that payment therefor is made solely with Capital Stock of any Parent Company or Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent not resulting in a Change of Control; 

(o) (i) Investments of any Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date, or of any Person acquired by, or merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case as part of an Investment otherwise permitted by this definition or otherwise under Section 6.04(a) to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of the relevant acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment permitted under the foregoing clause (o)(i) so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof increases the amount of such Investment except as otherwise permitted by this definition; 

(p) Investments made in connection with the Transactions; 

(q) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed: 

(i) the greater of 41,500,000 and 10.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, plus 

(ii) in the event that (A) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary makes any Investment after the Closing Date in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and (B) such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, an amount equal to 100.0 of the fair market value of such Investment as of the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; 

(r) so long as, immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Investments made after the Closing Date by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (r) ; 

57 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(s) to the extent not constituting Indebtedness, (i) Guarantees of leases or of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness and (ii) Guarantees of the lease obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in the ordinary course of business; 

(t) Investments in any Person in amounts and for purposes for which Restricted Payments to such Person are permitted under Section 6.04(a) ; provided that any Investment made as provided above in lieu of any such Restricted Payment shall constitute utilization (to the extent of the amount of such Investment) of the applicable Restricted Payment basket under Section 6.04(a) ; 

(u) Investments made by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party with the proceeds received by such Restricted Subsidiary from an Investment made by any Loan Party in such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to this definition (other than Investments made pursuant to clause (e)(ii) of this definition); 

(v) Investments in Subsidiaries in connection with internal reorganizations or restructurings and activities related to tax planning; provided that, after giving effect to any such reorganization, restructuring or activity, neither the Loan Guaranty, taken as a whole, nor the value of the Collateral, taken as a whole, is materially impaired and the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement remains satisfied; 

(w) Investments under any Derivative Transaction of the type permitted under Section 6.01(s) ; 

(x) Investments in joint ventures in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of 41,500,000 and 10.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; 

(y) Investments made in joint ventures as required by, or made pursuant to, buy/sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture agreements and similar binding arrangements; 

(z) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities to the extent that the same are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable Requirements of Law; 

(aa) Investments in the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements and related activities in the ordinary course of business; 

(bb) Investments consisting of the licensing or contribution of IP Rights pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons or in the ordinary course of business; 

(cc) Seed Capital Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 82,500,000 and 20.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; 

(dd) Investments in any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Broker-Dealer Subsidiary to the extent necessary for such Restricted Subsidiary to be in compliance with its net capital requirements under any Requirements of Law; 

58 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(ee) Investments for (i) utilities, security deposits, leases and similar prepaid expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business and (ii) trade accounts created, or prepaid expenses accrued, in the ordinary course of business; and 

(ff) so long as immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, other Investments so long as, immediately after giving effect thereto, the First Lien Leverage Ratio is no greater than 2.65:1.00, determined on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period. 

Permitted Liens means Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02 . 
 Person means any natural person, firm, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or any other entity. 
 Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01 . 
 Prepayment Asset Sale means any Disposition outside of the ordinary course of business by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary made pursuant to Sections 6.07(h) , 6.07(q) (but solely to the extent the related acquisition was financed with Term Loans, it being expressly understood and agreed that the Net Proceeds of any such Disposition shall be deemed to be Net Proceeds of a Prepayment Asset Sale in the same proportion as the related acquisition was financed by such Term Loans (i.e., if 30.0 of the purchase price for such acquisition was financed with Term Loans, 30.0 of the Net Proceeds of such Disposition shall be deemed to be the proceeds of a Prepayment Asset Sale)), 6.07(x) , 6.07(aa) , 6.07(bb) or 6.08 . 
 Prepayment Notice means a notice by the Borrower of a prepayment in accordance with Section 2.11 and in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit N or such other form that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Primary Obligor has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Guarantee . 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). 
 Pro Forma Basis or pro forma effect means, with respect to any determination of the Total Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including component definitions thereof) that each Subject Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets, as of the last day of such Test Period) with respect to any test or covenant for which such calculation is being made and that: 
 (a) (i) in the case of (A) any Disposition of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary or any division or product line of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or (B) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction, shall be excluded as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect 

59 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made and (ii) in the case of any Permitted Acquisition, Investment or designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary described in the definition of the term Subject Transaction , income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction shall be included as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made; provided that any pro forma adjustment described in this clause (a) may be applied to any such test or covenant solely to the extent that such adjustment is consistent with the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA , 

(b) any retirement or repayment of Indebtedness in connection therewith shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made, 

(c) any Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection therewith shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made; provided that, (x) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable Test Period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness at the relevant date of determination (taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness), (y) interest on any obligation with respect to any Capital Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligation in accordance with GAAP and (z) interest on any Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a Eurocurrency interbank offered rate or other rate shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen by the Borrower or, if no such rate is chosen, the rate that would otherwise apply, and 

(d) the acquisition of any assets included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets, whether pursuant to any Subject Transaction or any Person becoming a Subsidiary or merging, amalgamating or consolidating with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or the Disposition of any assets included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets described in the definition of Subject Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the last day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which such calculation is being made. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph, for the avoidance of doubt, when calculating the First Lien Leverage Ratio for purposes of Section 6.14(a) (other than for the purpose of determining pro forma compliance with Section 6.14(a) as a condition to taking any action under this Agreement), the events described in the immediately preceding paragraph that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period shall not be given pro forma effect. 
 Projections means the financial projections of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries included in the Information Materials (or a supplement thereto). 
 Promissory Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit G , evidencing the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Loans made by such Lender. 
 60 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Company Costs means Charges associated with, or in anticipation of, or preparation for, compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith and Charges relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (and, in each case, similar Requirements of Law under other jurisdictions), or the rules of national securities exchange companies with listed equity or debt securities, in each case as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public, including such Requirements of Law and rules relating to directors , managers or employees compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, and including Charges relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs, related legal and other professional fees (including auditors and accountants fees), listing fees, filing fees and other costs and/or expenses associated with being a public company. 
 Public Lenders means Lenders that do not wish to receive Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower and each of its Affiliates, Subsidiaries or Securities. 
 Public Offering means the issuance and sale by the Borrower or any Parent Company of its common Capital Stock in any underwritten primary public offering (other than a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed with the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act (whether alone or in connection with a secondary public offering) pursuant to which the net Cash proceeds are received by or contributed to the Borrower. 
 Qualified Capital Stock of any Person means any Capital Stock of such Person that is not Disqualified Capital Stock. 
 Real Estate Asset means, at any time of determination, all right, title and interest (fee, leasehold or otherwise) of any Loan Party in and to real property (including, but not limited to, land, improvements and fixtures thereon). 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is Term SOFR Reference Rate, 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, and (2) if such Benchmark is not Term SOFR Reference Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Refinancing Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower executed by (a) each of the Loan Parties, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of the Replacement Term Loans or the Replacement Revolving Facility, as applicable, being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 9.02(c) . 
 Refinancing Credit Facilities Indebtedness means Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(a) . 
 Refinancing Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(p) . 
 Refunding Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(viii) . 
 61 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(b)(iv) . 
 Registered Broker-Dealer has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries. 
 Regulation H means Regulation H of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 Rejection Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(vi) . 
 Related Funds means with respect to any Lender that is an Approved Fund, any other Approved Fund that is managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, managers, officers, trustees, employees, partners, agents, advisors and other representatives of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Release means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, pouring, injection, escaping, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of any Hazardous Material into the indoor or outdoor environment. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Replaced Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c)(ii) . 
 Replaced Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c)(i) . 
 Replacement Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c)(ii) . 
 Replacement Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c)(i) . 
 Representative has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13 . 
 Repricing Transaction means each of (a) the refinancing of all or a portion of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans with the proceeds of any secured term loans (including any Replacement Term Loans) incurred by any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries having an Effective Yield (as determined on the date of initial incurrence thereof) that is less than the Effective Yield (as determined on such date) applicable to the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or 2021 Incremental Term 
 62 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Loans so refinanced and (b) any amendment, waiver or other modification of or to this Agreement that has the effect of reducing the Effective Yield applicable to the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans; provided that the primary purpose of such refinancing or amendment, waiver or other modification was to reduce the Effective Yield applicable to the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans; and provided , further , that in no event shall any such refinancing or amendment, waiver or other modification in connection with a Change of Control, Public Offering or Transformative Acquisition constitute a Repricing Transaction. Any determination by the Administrative Agent of the Effective Yield for purposes of the definition shall be conclusive and binding on all Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall have no liability to any Person with respect to such determination absent bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent. 
 Required Excess Cash Flow Percentage means, as of any date of determination, (a) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than 2.15:1.00, 50.0 , (b) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 2.15:1.00 and greater than 1.65:1.00, 25.0 , and (c) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 1.65:1.00, 0 ; it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of this definition as it applies to the determination of the amount of Excess Cash Flow that is required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans under Section 2.11(b)(i) for any Excess Cash Flow Period, the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall be calculated as of the scheduled date of, and giving pro forma effect to, such prepayment. 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Loans and unused Commitments representing more than 50.0 of the sum of the total Loans and such unused Commitments at such time. The Loans and unused Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarding in determining Required Lenders at any time. 
 Required Prepayment Percentage means, as of any date of determination, (a) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than 2.15:1.00, 100.0 , (b) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 2.15:1.00 and greater than 1.65:1.00, 50.0 , and (c) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 1.65:1.00, 0 ; it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of this definition as it applies to the determination of the amount of Net Proceeds in respect of any Prepayment Asset Sale or Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds that is required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans under Section 2.11(b)(ii) at any time, the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall be calculated as of the scheduled date of, and giving pro forma effect to, such prepayment. 
 Required Revolving Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposure representing more than 50.0 of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposure at such time. The Revolving Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarding in determining Required Revolving Lenders at any time. 
 Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all federal, state, local, foreign, national, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 63 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Responsible Officer of any Person means the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, any executive vice president, any senior vice president, any vice president or the chief operating officer of such Person and any other individual or similar official thereof responsible for the administration of the obligations of such Person in respect of this Agreement, and, as to any document delivered on the Closing Date, shall include any secretary or assistant secretary or any other individual or similar official thereof with substantially equivalent responsibilities of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article 2 , any other officer of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or other action on the part of such Loan Party, and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Responsible Officer Certification means, with respect to the financial statements for which such certification is required, the certification of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the dates indicated and its consolidated income and cash flows for the periods indicated, subject to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 
 Restricted Debt means (a) any unsecured Indebtedness, (b) any Junior Lien Indebtedness or (c) any Junior Indebtedness. 
 Restricted Debt Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(b) . 
 Restricted Foreign Subsidiary Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(b)(v)(A) . 
 Restricted Investment means any Investment other than a Permitted Investment. 
 Restricted Joint Venture Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(b)(v)(B) . 
 Restricted Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution on account of any shares of any class of the Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, except a dividend payable solely in shares of Qualified Capital Stock to the holders of such class, (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value of any shares of any class of the Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (c) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of the Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary now or hereafter outstanding and (d) any Restricted Investment. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect Subsidiary of such Person other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unless otherwise specified, Restricted Subsidiary shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Restricted Tax Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(b)(v)(C) . 
 Revolving Borrowing means any Borrowing of Revolving Loans. 
 Revolving Credit Commitment means any Initial Revolving Credit Commitment and any Additional Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 64 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of such Lender s Initial Revolving Credit Exposure and Additional Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 Revolving Facility means the Initial Revolving Facility, any Incremental Revolving Facility, any facility governing Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Loans and any Replacement Revolving Facility hereunder. 
 Revolving Lead Arrangers means, collectively, Barclays, RBC Capital Markets, BMO Capital Markets Corp., KeyBank National Association, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc. and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., in their respective capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners in respect of the Revolving Facility. 
 Revolving Lender means any Initial Revolving Lender and any Additional Revolving Lender. 
 Revolving Loans means any Initial Revolving Loans and any Additional Revolving Loans. 
 S P means Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC, a Subsidiary of S P Global Inc., or any successor by merger or consolidation to its business. 
 Sale and Lease-Back Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.08 . 
 Scheduled Consideration has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Excess Cash Flow . 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of its functions. 
 Second Amendment means that certain Second Amendment to this Amendment, dated as of February 18, 2021, among the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, and the Administrative Agent. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date means the Second Amendment Effective Date under and as defined in the Second Amendment. 
 Secured Hedging Obligations means all Hedging Obligations (other than any Excluded Swap Obligations) under each Hedge Agreement that (a) is in effect on the Closing Date between any Loan Party and a counterparty that is a Lender or an Agent or any Affiliate of a Lender or an Agent as of the Closing Date or (b) is entered into after the Closing Date between any Loan Party and any counterparty that is (or is an Affiliate of) any Lender or any Agent at the time such Hedge Agreement is entered into, for which such Loan Party agrees to provide security and in each case that has been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing by the Borrower as being a Secured Hedging Obligation for purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article 8 , Sections 9.03 and Section 9.10 as if it were a Lender. 
 Secured Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Secured Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended, in each case, of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 65 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with (a) all Banking Services Obligations and (b) all Secured Hedging Obligations. 
 Secured Parties means (i) the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, (ii) the Administrative Agent, (iii) each counterparty to a Hedge Agreement with a Loan Party the obligations under which constitute Secured Hedging Obligations, (iv) each provider of Banking Services to any Loan Party the obligations under which constitute Banking Services Obligations, (v) the Lead Arrangers and (vi) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 Securities means any stock, shares, units, partnership interests, voting trust certificates, certificates of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing; provided that Securities shall not include any earn-out agreement or obligation or any employee bonus or other incentive compensation plan or agreement. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 
 Security Agreement means the Pledge and Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit H , among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 Seed Capital Investment means any seed or early stage investment in, or segregating of funds in, an Investment Vehicle in which the Borrower or one or more of the Restricted Subsidiaries has invested or is segregating capital for the purpose of establishing or maintaining an investment record in order to offer one or more products or investment strategies to third-party investors. 
 Sellers has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals to this Agreement. 
 Similar Business means any Person the majority of the revenues of which are derived from a business that would be permitted by Section 6.10 if the references to Restricted Subsidiaries in Section 6.10 were read to refer to such Person. 
 SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Solvent means that (a) the fair value of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, exceeds their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, on a consolidated basis, (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, 
 66 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

on a consolidated basis, is greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability, on a consolidated basis, of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, on a consolidated basis, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured in the ordinary course, (c) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, on a consolidated basis, as such liabilities become absolute and matured in the ordinary course and (d) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are not engaged in, and are not about to engage in, business for which they have unreasonably small capital. For purposes hereof, (i) the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5) and (ii) it is assumed that the indebtedness and other obligations incurred on the Closing Date will come due on their respective maturities. 
 SPC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.05(e) . 
 Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations means the representations made by or with respect to the Targets and their respective Subsidiaries in the Acquisition Agreement as are material to the interests of the Lenders (but only to the extent that the Borrower or its Affiliates have the right (taking into account any cure provisions) not to consummate the Acquisition, or to terminate their obligations (or otherwise do not have an obligation to close), under the Acquisition Agreement, as a result of a failure of such representations in the Acquisition Agreement to be true and correct). 
 Specified Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.01 (relating to organizational existence and organizational power and authority of the Loan Parties to enter into the Loan Documents), Section 3.02 , Section 3.03(b)(i) , Section 3.08 , Section 3.12 , Section 3.14 , Section 3.16 , Section 3.18 and Sections 3.19(a)(ii) , (b) (as it relates to the USA PATRIOT Act) and (c)(ii) . 
 Sponsors means Crestview Partners II, L.P., Reverence Capital Partners and their respective Affiliates. 
 Stated Amount means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, at any time, the maximum amount available to be drawn thereunder, in each case determined (x) as if any future automatic increases in the maximum available amount provided for in any such Letter of Credit had in fact occurred at such time and (y) without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could then be met but after giving effect to all previous drawings made thereunder. 
 Subject Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii) . 
 Subject Proceeds has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(b)(ii) . 
 Subject Transaction means, with respect to any Test Period, (a) the Transactions, (b) any Permitted Acquisition or any other acquisition or similar Investment, whether by purchase, merger, amalgamation or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or of a majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person (and, in any event, including any Investment in (x) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s respective equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (y) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s respective ownership interest in such joint venture), in each case that is permitted by this Agreement, (c) any Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or Capital Stock of any Subsidiary (or any business unit, line of business or 
 67 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

division of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) not prohibited by this Agreement, (d) the designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with Section 5.09 hereof or (e) any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness or other event, that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires pro forma compliance with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other business entity (whether or not existing as at the date hereof) of which more than 50 of the total voting power of stock or other ownership interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons (whether directors, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof; provided that in determining the percentage of ownership interests of any Person controlled by another Person, no ownership interests in the nature of a qualifying share of the former Person shall be deemed to be outstanding; provided , further , that no Investment Vehicle shall be deemed hereunder to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof. Unless otherwise specified, Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Successor Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.07(a) . 
 Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swingline Borrowing means any Borrowing of Swingline Loans. 
 Swingline Exposure means, with respect to any Swingline Lender at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Amount at such time of all Swingline Loans of such Lender. The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Swingline Lender means Barclays, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder, and any other Revolving Lender approved by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that agrees to act as the Swingline Lender hereunder; provided that Swingline Loans made by no more than one Swingline Lender may be outstanding at any time. 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 Swingline Loan Commitment means the obligation of a Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans and of each Lender having a Revolving Credit Commitment to participate in Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c) . 
 Swingline Sublimit means 20,000,000. 
 Syndication Agent means Barclays, in its capacity as syndication agent. 
 Target Refinancing has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(l) . 
 Targets has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals to this Agreement. 
 68 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Tax Group has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(i)(B) . 
 Taxes means any and all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Borrowing means any Borrowing of Term Loans. 
 Term Commitment means any Initial Term Loan Commitment and any Additional Term Loan Commitment. 
 Term Facility means the Term Loans provided to or for the benefit of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 Term Lead Arrangers means, collectively, Barclays, RBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets Corp., in their respective capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners in respect of the Term Facility. 
 Term Lender means any Initial Term Lender and any Additional Term Lender. 
 Term Loan means the Initial Term Loans and, if applicable, any Additional Term Loans. 
 Term Loan Installment Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(a) . 
 Term Loan Maturity Date means the date that is seven years after the Closing Date. 
 Term SOFR means, 
 (a) 	 for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period , as such rate is published by Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 
 (b) 	 for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. 
 69 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR SOFR Determination Day; 
 provided, further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause (a) or clause (b) above) shall ever be less than 0.00 , then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be 0.00 , provided, further that, solely with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause (a) or clause (b) above) shall ever be less than 0.50 , then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be 0.50 . 
 	 Term SOFR Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.10 per annum. 
 Term SOFR Administrator means the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 Term SOFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the Term SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate . 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 Termination Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the lead-in to Article 5 . 
 Test Period means, as of any date, (a) for purposes of determining actual compliance with Section 6.14(a) , the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters then most recently ended for which financial statements under Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) , as applicable, have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) and (b) for any other purpose, the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters then most recently ended for which financial statements of the type described in Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) , as applicable, have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) or, if earlier, are internally available; it being understood and agreed that prior to the first delivery of financial statements of Section 5.01(a) , Test Period means the most recent period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters in respect of which financial statements for the Borrower are available. 
 Third Amendment means, that certain Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of December 31, 2021 among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 
 Third Amendment Effective Date means, the date on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 of the Third Amendment were satisfied or waived in accordance therewith, which date occurred on December 31, 2021 
 Threshold Amount means, as of any date of termination, an amount equal to 50,000,000. 
 Total Leverage Ratio means the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Total Debt outstanding as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended to (b) Consolidated Adjusted 
 70 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended, in each case of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Total Revolving Credit Commitment means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments, as in effect at such time. 
 Trademark means the following: (a) all trademarks, service marks, common law marks, trade names, trade dress, and logos, slogans and other indicia of origin under the Requirements of Law of any jurisdiction in the world, and the registrations and applications for registration thereof and the goodwill of the business symbolized by the foregoing; (b) all renewals of the foregoing; and (c) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 
 Tranche B-1 Term Commitments means the Tranche B-1 Term Commitments as defined in the First Amendment. 
 Tranche B-1 Term Loans means the Tranche B-1 Term Loans as defined in the First Amendment. 
 Tranche B-1 Term Loan Lender means any Lender with a Tranche B-1 Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Tranche B-1 Term Loan. 
 Tranche B-2 Term Commitments means the Tranche B-2 Term Commitments as defined in the Second Amendment. 
 Tranche B-2 Term Loans means the Tranche B-2 Term Loans as defined in the Second Amendment. 
 Tranche B-2 Term Loan Lender means any Lender with a Tranche B-2 Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Tranche B-2 Term Loan. 
 Transaction Costs means fees, commissions, premiums, expenses and other transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by any Parent Company, the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions and the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 Transactions means, collectively, (a) the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of the Loan Documents to which they are a party and the Borrowing of Loans hereunder on the Closing Date, (b) the Victory Refinancing, (c) the Target Refinancing, (d) the Acquisition, (e) the escrow arrangement contemplated by the Escrow Agreement, and (f) the payment of the Transaction Costs. 
 Transformative Acquisition means any acquisition by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or of a majority of the outstanding Capital Stock of any Person that (i) is not permitted by the terms of the Loan Documents immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition or (ii) if permitted by the terms of the Loan Documents immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition, the terms of the Loan Documents would not provide the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries with adequate flexibility for the continuation or expansion of their combined operations following such consummation, as determined by the Borrower acting in good faith. 
 Treasury Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04(a)(viii) . 
 71 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Treasury Regulations means the U.S. federal income tax regulations promulgated under the Code. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or any other state the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the creation or perfection of security interests. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plan s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan s assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 

Unrestricted Cash Amount means, as to any Person on any date of determination, the amount of (a) unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of such Person whether or not held in a Deposit Account pledged to secure the Secured Obligations (but excluding Cash and Cash Equivalents of any Subsidiary the income of which is excluded under clause (a)(i) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income and (b) Cash and Cash Equivalents of such Person that are restricted as a result of the Credit Facilities and any other Indebtedness permitted hereunder to be secured by a Lien on the Collateral along with the Credit Facilities. 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is listed on Schedule 5.09 or designated by the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.09 and any Subsidiary of any Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 U.S. or United States means the United States of America. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 USA PATRIOT Act means The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 USPTO means the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
 72 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3) . 
 Victory Refinancing has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(j) . 
 Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required scheduled payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided that the effect of any prepayment made in respect of such Indebtedness shall be disregarded in making such calculation. 
 Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary of any Person means a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of such Person. 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of any Person means a Subsidiary of such Person, 100.0 of the outstanding Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares or shares required by Requirements of Law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Term Loan or by Type (e.g., a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan or by Class and Type (e.g., a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Term Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Term Borrowing or by Type (e.g., a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing or by Class and Type (e.g., a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Term Borrowing ). 

Section 1.03. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein or in any Loan Document shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or extended, replaced or 

73 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

refinanced (subject to any restrictions or qualifications on such amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, supplements or modifications or extensions, replacements or refinancings set forth herein), (b) any reference to any Requirement of Law in any Loan Document shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Requirement of Law, (c) any reference herein or in any Loan Document to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and permitted assigns, (d) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein or in any Loan Document to Articles, Sections, clauses, paragraphs, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, clauses and paragraphs of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, such Loan Document, (f) in the computation of periods of time in any Loan Document from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including , the words to and until mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including , (g) the words asset and property , when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including Cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (h) the word or is not exclusive. For purposes of determining compliance at any time with Sections 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.04 , 6.05 , 6.07 and 6.09 or whether an Investment is a Permitted Investment, in the event that any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of transactions or items permitted pursuant to any clause of such Sections 6.01 (other than Sections 6.01(a) , (x) and (z) ), 6.02 (other than Sections 6.02(a) and (t) ), 6.04 , 6.05 , 6.07 and 6.09 or the definition of Permitted Investment, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, may, from time to time, classify or reclassify such transaction or item (or portion thereof) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in any one category. It is understood and agreed that any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction under Sections 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.04 , 6.05 , 6.07 or 6.09 or the definition of Permitted Investment, respectively, but may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof (it being understood that compliance with each such section is separately required). For purposes of any amount herein expressed as the greater of a specified fixed amount and a percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA shall be deemed to refer to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP. 

(a) All financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature that are used in calculating the Total Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date of delivery of the financial statements described in Section 3.04(a) in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change becomes effective until such notice have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith; provided , further , that if such an amendment is requested by the Borrower or the Required Lenders, then the Borrower and the 

74 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Administrative Agent shall negotiate in good faith to enter into an amendment of the relevant affected provisions (without the payment of any amendment or similar fee to any of the Agents or the Lenders) to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP or the application thereof; provided , further , that all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (i) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein and (ii) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but subject to Section 1.09 hereof, all financial ratios and tests (including the financial covenant in Section 6.14(a) , the Total Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA) contained in this Agreement that are calculated with respect to any Test Period during which any Subject Transaction occurs shall be calculated with respect to such Test Period and such Subject Transaction on a Pro Forma Basis. Further, if since the beginning of any such Test Period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio or test (x) any Subject Transaction has occurred or (y) any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such Test Period has consummated any Subject Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for such Test Period as if such Subject Transaction had occurred at the beginning of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets, as of the last day of such Test Period) (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that solely for purposes of calculating quarterly compliance with Section 6.14(a) , the date of the required calculation shall be the last day of the Test Period, and no Subject Transaction occurring thereafter shall be taken into account). 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in paragraph (a) above or in the definition of Capital Lease, all obligations of any Person that are or would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the issuance by the FASB on February 25, 2016 of an Accounting Standards Update (the ASU shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions and calculations for purpose of this Agreement (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the fact that such obligations are required in accordance with the ASU (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) to be treated as Capital Leases in the financial statements. 

Section 1.05. Effectuation of Transactions. Each of the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement (and all corresponding definitions) is made after giving effect to the Transactions, unless the context otherwise requires. 

Section 1.06. Timing of Payment or Performance. When payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest Period or as otherwise expressly provided herein) or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 

75 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Section 1.07. Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified herein, all references herein to times of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 

Section 1.08. Cashless Rollovers. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, to the extent that any Lender extends the maturity date of, or replaces, renews or refinances, any of its then-existing Loans with Incremental Loans, Replacement Term Loans, Loans in connection with any Replacement Revolving Facility, Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Loans or loans incurred under a new credit facility, in each case, to the extent such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing is effected by means of a cashless roll by such Lender, such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing shall be deemed to comply with any requirement hereunder or any other Loan Document that such payment be made in immediately available funds , in Cash or any other similar requirement. 

Section 1.09. Certain Calculations and Tests. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent that the terms of this Agreement require (x) compliance with any financial ratio or test (including Section 6.14(a) hereof, any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test, the amount of Consolidated Total Assets or the amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or any cap expressed as a percentage of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA) or (y) the absence of a Default or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default but excluding any Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) (with respect to the Borrower) or 7.01(g) (with respect to the Borrower)) as a condition to: 

(i) (A) the making of any Investment or (B) the consummation of any transaction in connection with any Investment (including the assumption or incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens in connection therewith), the determination of whether the relevant condition is satisfied may be made, at the election of the Borrower, at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) either (I) the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to such Investment or (II) the consummation of such Investment, in each case, after giving effect to the relevant Investment or other transaction and any related Indebtedness or Liens on a Pro Forma Basis, 

(ii) the making of any Restricted Payment, the determination of whether the relevant condition is satisfied may be made, at the election of the Borrower, at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) either (I) the declaration of such Restricted Payment; provided that such Restricted Payment shall be made within 60 days of such declaration or (II) the making of such Restricted Payment, in each case, after giving effect to the relevant Restricted Payment on a Pro Forma Basis, and 

(iii) the making of any Restricted Debt Payment, the determination of whether the relevant condition is satisfied may be made, at the election of the Borrower, at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) either (I) the delivery of an irrevocable notice of redemption or repayment or (II) the making of such Restricted Debt Payment, in each case, after giving effect to the relevant Restricted Debt Payment on a Pro Forma Basis. 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Borrower has made an election to test at the time of: 

76 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(i) the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to an Investment or the consummation of any transaction in connection with any Investment, then, in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or test on or following the relevant determination date, and prior to the earlier of (x) the date on which such Investment is consummated or (y) the date that the definitive agreement for such Investment is terminated or expires without consummation of such Investment, any such ratio or test shall be calculated on (A) a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Investment or any transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness, Liens and the use of proceeds thereof) has been consummated, and also on (B) a standalone basis without giving effect to such Investment and any such transactions in connection therewith; 

(ii) the declaration of a Restricted Payment, then, in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or test on or following the relevant determination date, and prior to the earlier of (x) the making of such Restricted Payment and (y) the date that is 60 days after the declaration of such Restricted Payment, any such ratio or test shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Restricted Payment has been consummated, and/or 

(iii) the delivery of an irrevocable notice of redemption or repayment (which may be conditional) in respect of a Restricted Debt Payment, then, in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or test on or following the relevant determination date and prior to the date on which such Restricted Debt Payment is made, any such ratio or test shall be calculated on (A) a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Restricted Debt Payment has been consummated and also on (B) standalone basis without giving effect to such Restricted Debt Payment. 

(c) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test (including Section 6.14(a) , any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test, the amount of Consolidated Total Assets or the amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA), such financial ratio or test shall be calculated as set forth in clause (a) above (if applicable), or at the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such financial ratio or test occurring after the relevant time set forth in clause (a) above (if applicable) or the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction incurred, entered into or consummated, as applicable, in reliance on a provision of this Agreement under a limitation or restrictive covenant that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (any such amounts, the Fixed Amounts substantially concurrently with any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment, Disposition or Affiliate transaction incurred, entered into or consummated in reliance on a provision of this Agreement in the same limitation or restrictive covenant that requires compliance with any such financial ratio or test (including the financial covenant in Section 6.14(a) , the Total Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA) (any such amounts, the Incurrence-Based Amounts ), it is understood and agreed that (i) the Incurrence-Based Amounts shall first be calculated without giving effect to any Fixed Amounts being relied upon for any portion of such incurrence or transactions and (ii) thereafter, the incurrence of the portion of such amounts or other applicable transaction to be entered into in reliance on any Fixed Amounts shall be calculated. 

Section 1.10. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s 

77 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

laws), (i) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (ii) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Capital Stock at such time. 

Section 1.11. [Reserved]. Successor LIBO Rate Index. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (i) the circumstances set forth in Section 2.24 have arisen and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or (ii) the circumstances set forth in Section 2.24 have not arisen but the supervisor for the administrator of the LIBO Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the LIBO Rate shall no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans (or, after which, the LIBO Rate is no longer required to be published) , then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall endeavor to establish an alternate rate of interest to the LIBO Rate that gives due consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for syndicated loans in the United States at such time, and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 9.02, such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date notice of such alternate rate of interest is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that such Required Lenders object to such amendment; provided that , if such alternate rate of interest shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement ; provided further that , solely with respect to the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, if such alternate rate of interest shall be less than 0.50 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.50 for the purposes of this Agreement . 

Section 1.12. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 

(a) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Derivative Transaction shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 1.12) , if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark , then (i) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date , such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to , or further action or consent of any other party to , this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (ii) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date , such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m . (New York City time) on the fifth Business Day after the date on which notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to , or further action or consent of any other party to , this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of any outstanding Class. 

(b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement , the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to 

78 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document , any amendment implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document other than the consent of the Borrower in accordance with the definition of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . 

(c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date , (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement , (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Change , (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (d) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period . Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent and/ or the Borrower, as applicable, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document , except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 1.12 and/ or any component definition used herein . 

(d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document , at any time including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement ), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate including Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative , then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark setting at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark including a Benchmark Replacement or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(e) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period , the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans . During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor , the component of Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark , as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Alternate Base Rate . 

(f) Interest Rate. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Alternate Base Rate (to the extent determined in reference to Adjusted Term SOFR), Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, 

79 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Alternate Base Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability; it being understood and agreed that this Section 1.12(f) shall not impair or otherwise limit the express provisions of this Agreement. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain Term SOFR Reference Rate or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Loan Parties, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error in the calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) by any such reasonably selected information source or service. 

ARTICLE 2 THE CREDITS 

Section 2.01. Commitments. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) each Initial Term Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make Initial Term Loans to the Borrower on the Closing Date, in Dollars, in a principal amount not to exceed its Initial Term Loan Commitment, and (ii) each Revolving Lender severally, and not jointly, agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower, in Dollars, at any time and from time to time on and after the Closing Date, and until the earlier of the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the termination of the Initial Revolving Credit Commitment of such Initial Revolving Lender in accordance with the terms hereof; provided that, after giving effect to any Borrowing of Initial Revolving Loans, the Outstanding Amount of such Lender s Initial Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed such Lender s Initial Revolving Credit Commitment. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein, Initial Revolving Loans may be borrowed, paid, repaid and reborrowed. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of the Initial Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 

(b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable Refinancing Amendment, Extension Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment, each Additional Lender with an Additional Commitment of a given Class, severally and not jointly, agrees to make Additional Loans of such Class to the Borrower, which Loans shall not exceed for any such Additional Lender at the time of any incurrence thereof the Additional Commitment of such Class of such Additional Lender as set forth in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Extension Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment. 

(c) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof and of the First Amendment, each Tranche B-1 Term Loan Lender with a Tranche B-1 Term Commitment severally made or exchanged, as applicable, on the First Amendment Effective Date, a Tranche B-1 Term Loan to the Borrower in Dollars in an amount equal to such Tranche B-1 Term Loan Lender s Tranche B-1 Term Commitment. The Borrower may make only one borrowing under the Tranche B-1 Term Commitments, which shall be on the First Amendment Effective Date. Each Lender s Tranche B-1 Term Commitment shall terminate immediately and without further action on the First Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to the funding of such Lender s Tranche B-1 Term Commitment on such date. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of the Tranche B-1 Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 

(d) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof and of the Second Amendment, each Tranche B-2 Term Loan Lender with a Tranche B-2 Term Commitment severally made or exchanged, as applicable, on the Second Amendment Effective Date, a Tranche B-2 Term Loan to the Borrower in Dollars 

80 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

in an amount equal to such Tranche B-2 Term Loan Lender s Tranche B-2 Term Commitment. The Borrower may make only one borrowing under the Tranche B-2 Term Commitments, which shall be on the Second Amendment Effective Date. Each Lender s Tranche B-2 Term Commitment shall terminate immediately and without further action on the Second Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to the funding of such Lender s Tranche B-2 Term Commitment on such date. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 

(e) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof and of the Third Amendment, each 2021 Incremental Term Lender with a 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitment severally agrees to make, on the Third Amendment Effective Date, a 2021 Incremental Term Loan to the Borrower in Dollars in an amount equal to such 2021 Incremental Term Lender s 2021 Term Loan Commitment. The Borrower may make only one borrowing under the 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitments, which shall be on the Third Amendment Effective Date. Each Lender s 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall terminate immediately and without further action on the Third Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to the funding of such Lender s 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitment on such date. Amounts paid or prepaid in respect of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 

Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. 

(a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. 

(b) Subject to Section 2.01 and Section 2.14 , each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith; provided that each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that (i) any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) such LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan shall be deemed to have been made and held by such Lender, and the obligation of the Borrower to repay such LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan shall nevertheless be to such Lender for the account of such domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender and (iii) in exercising such option, such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to minimize increased costs to the Borrower resulting therefrom (which obligation of such Lender shall not require it to take, or refrain from taking, actions that it determines would result in increased costs for which it will not be compensated hereunder or that it otherwise determines would be disadvantageous to it and in the event of such request for costs for which compensation is provided under this Agreement, the provisions of Section 2.15 shall apply); provided , further , that no such domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender shall be entitled to any greater indemnification under Section 2.17 with respect to such LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan than that to which the applicable Lender was entitled on the date on which such Loan was made (except in connection with any indemnification entitlement arising as a result of a Change in Law after the date on which such Loan was made). 

(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing, such LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing shall comprise an aggregate principal amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 and not less than 1,000,000. Except in the case of any Swingline Loan, each ABR Borrowing when made shall be in a minimum principal amount of 500,000; provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be made in a lesser aggregate amount that is (x) equal to the entire aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments or (y) required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e) . Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of 7 different 

81 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Interest Periods in effect for LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowings at any time outstanding (or such greater number of different Interest Periods as the Administrative Agent may agree from time to time). 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it be entitled to, request, or elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date applicable to the relevant Loans. 

Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. Each Term Borrowing, each Revolving Borrowing, each conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans shall be made upon irrevocable notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent. Each such notice must be in the form of a written Borrowing Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and must be received by the Administrative Agent (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tif )) not later than (i) 12:00 p.m. three Business Days prior to the requested day of any Borrowing, conversion or continuation of LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans (or one Business Day in the case of any Borrowing of LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans to be made on the Closing Date) and (ii) except in the case of any Swingline Loan, 10:00 a.m. on the Business Day of the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Loans (or, in each case, such later time as is acceptable to the Administrative Agent) provided that with respect to any notice requesting a Revolving Borrowing pursuant to this clause (ii) that is not received prior to 10:00 a.m. on the Business Day prior to the requested date of such Revolving Borrowing, the aggregate principal amount of such Revolving Borrowing shall not exceed 10,000,000); provided , however , that if the Borrower wishes to request LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans having an Interest Period of other than one , two , three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of Interest Period, (A) the applicable notice from the Borrower must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 p.m. four Business Days prior to the requested date of the relevant Borrowing, conversion or continuation, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the appropriate Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is available to them and (B) not later than 12:00 p.m. three Business Days before the requested date of the relevant Borrowing, conversion or continuation, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower whether or not the requested Interest Period is available to the appropriate Lenders. Each written notice with respect to a Borrowing by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.03 shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent in the form of a written Borrowing Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each such written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 : 

(i) the Class of such Borrowing; 

(ii) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing; 

(iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iv) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing; 

(v) in the case of a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 

(vi) the location and number of the Borrower s account or any other designated account(s) to which funds are to be disbursed. 

82 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. The Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details and amount of any Loan to be made as part of the relevant requested Borrowing (x) in the case of any ABR Borrowing, on the same Business Day of receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03 or (y) in the case of any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing, no later than one Business Day following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03 . 
 Section 2.04. Swingline Loans. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to the Borrower, in Dollars, at any time and from time to time on and after the Closing Date, and until the earlier of the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the termination of the Swingline Loan Commitment in accordance with the terms hereof; provided that no Swingline Loan may be advanced unless, after giving effect to any Borrowing of Swingline Loans, (i) the Swingline Exposure shall not exceed the Swingline Sublimit, (ii) the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments and (iii) the aggregate amount of the Additional Revolving Credit Exposure attributable to any Class of Additional Revolving Credit Commitments does not exceed the aggregate amount of the Additional Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class. For the avoidance of doubt, except for the purpose of calculating the Commitment Fee Rate, any advance of Swingline Loans shall reduce the availability under the Revolving Credit Commitment on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Each Swingline Loan shall be in a minimum principal amount of not less than 100,000 or such lesser amount as may be agreed by the Swingline Lender; provided that a Swingline Loan may be made in a lesser aggregate amount that is (x) equal to the entire aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments or (y) required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e) . Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth herein, Swingline Loans may be borrowed, paid, repaid and reborrowed. Each Swingline Loan shall be subject to all the terms and conditions applicable to other Revolving Loans except that all payments thereon (including interest) shall be payable to the Swingline Lender solely for its own account. 

(b) To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request in writing not later than 2:00 p.m. on the day of the proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall be in a form of written Borrowing Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and must be received by the Administrative Agent (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission (including .pdf or .tif )) not later than 2:00 p.m. on the day of the proposed Swingline Borrowing. Each such written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 : (i) the Class of such Borrowing, (ii) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing; (iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; (iv) that such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing; and (v) the location and number of the Borrower s account or any other designated account(s) to which funds are to be disbursed. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower pursuant to instructions previously agreed upon between the Swingline Lender and the Borrower by 4:00 p.m. on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that in making any Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to rely, and shall not incur any liability for relying, upon the representations and warranties of the Borrower deemed made pursuant to Section 4.02 . 

(c) The Swingline Lender may, by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on any Business Day, require the Revolving Lenders to acquire participations on such 

83 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding, and the Revolving Lenders shall be obligated to purchase participations in any Swingline Loan on a pro rata basis based on their Applicable Percentage of Initial Revolving Credit Commitments. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Revolving Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Revolving Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligations under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders pursuant to this paragraph), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loans acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loans shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (1) such obligations of such Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans hereunder (but not to purchase and fund risk participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c) are subject to the condition that such Swingline Lender had not received prior notice from the Borrower or the Required Lenders that any of the conditions under Section 4.02 to the making of the applicable Swingline Loans were not satisfied and (2) the Swingline Lender shall not be obligated to make any Swingline Loans (i) if it has elected not to do so after the occurrence and during the continuation of a Default or Event of Default, (ii) it does not in good faith believe that all conditions under Section 4.02 to the making of such Swingline Loan have been satisfied or waived by the Required Lenders or (iii) if any of the Revolving Lenders is a Defaulting Lender but, in the case of this clause (iii) only to the extent that (A) the Defaulting Lender s participation in such Swingline Loan may not be reallocated pursuant to Section 2.21(d)(i) or (B) other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to it and Borrower (including pursuant to Section 2.21(d)(ii) to eliminate the Swingline Lender s risk with respect to the Defaulting Lender s participation in such Swingline Loan (including cash collateralization by the Borrower of such Defaulting Lender s pro rata share of the outstanding Swingline Loans) have not been entered into. 

Section 2.05. Letters of Credit. 

(a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) each Issuing Bank agrees, in each case in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving Lenders set forth in this Section 2.05 , (A) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date to the thirtieth day prior to the Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date, upon the request of the Borrower, to issue Letters of Credit provided that no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue Commercial Letters of Credit without 

84 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

its consent) issued for the account of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary provided that the Borrower will be the applicant and that each Letter of Credit shall be issued by a single Issuing Bank determined by the Borrower to the extent possible such that the Stated Amount of all Letters of Credit issued by an Issuing Bank does not exceed such Issuing Bank s LC Commitment) and to amend or renew Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.05(b) , and (B) to honor drafts under the Letters of Credit, and (ii) the Revolving Lenders severally agree to participate in the Letters of Credit issued pursuant to Section 2.05(d) . 

(b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall deliver to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent, at least three Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank), a request to issue a Letter of Credit, which shall specify that it is being issued under this Agreement, in the form of Exhibit K . To request an amendment, extension or renewal of an outstanding Letter of Credit, (other than any automatic extension of a Letter of Credit permitted under Section 2.05(c) the Borrower shall submit such a request to the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) at least three Business Days in advance of the requested date of amendment, extension or renewal (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank), identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, extended or renewed, and specifying the proposed date (which shall be a Business Day) and other details of the amendment, extension or renewal; provided , that, any request for extension or renewal shall not exceed twelve (12) months and in no event shall extend beyond the dates set forth in Section 2.05(c) . If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank in connection with any request for any Letter of Credit, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank s standard form. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the applicable Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. No Letter of Credit, letter of credit application or other document entered into by the Borrower with any Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit shall contain any representations or warranties, covenants or events of default not set forth in this Agreement (and to the extent inconsistent herewith shall be rendered null and void (or reformed automatically without further action by any Person to conform to the terms of this Agreement)), and all representations and warranties, covenants and events of default set forth therein shall contain standards, qualifications, thresholds and exceptions for materiality or otherwise consistent with those set forth in this Agreement (and, to the extent inconsistent herewith, shall be deemed to automatically incorporate the applicable standards, qualifications, thresholds and exceptions set forth herein without action by any Person). No Letter of Credit may be issued, amended, extended or renewed unless (and on the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension, or renewal (i) the LC Exposure does not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (ii) the aggregate Stated Amount of all Letters of Credit issued by an Issuing Bank does not exceed such Issuing Bank s LC Commitment and (iii) (A) the aggregate amount of the Initial Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect, (B) the aggregate amount of the Additional Revolving Credit Exposure attributable to any Class of Additional Revolving Credit Commitments does not exceed the aggregate amount of the Additional Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class then in effect and (C) if such Letter of Credit has a term extending beyond any Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class, the aggregate amount of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit expiring after such Maturity Date does not exceed the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect that are scheduled to remain in effect after such Maturity Date. Promptly after the delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable Issuing Bank will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative 

85 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Agent (if so requested by the Administrative Agent) a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. Upon receipt of such Letter of Credit or amendment, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders, in writing, of such Letter of Credit or amendment, and if so requested by a Revolving Lender, the Administrative Agent will provide such Revolving Lender with copies of such Letter of Credit or amendment. Not later than the third Business Day following the last day of each month (or at such other intervals as the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank shall agree), each Issuing Bank shall provide to the Administrative Agent a schedule of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, showing the date of issuance, the account party, the original face amount (if any), the expiration date and the reference number, in each case, of each such Letter of Credit, and showing the aggregate amount (if any) payable by the Borrower to such Issuing Bank during such month. 

(c) Expiration Date . No Letter of Credit shall expire later than the earlier of (A) the date that is one year (or, in the case of documentary letters of credit, 180 days) after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (B) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date; provided that, any Letter of Credit may provide for the automatic extension thereof for any number of additional periods of up to one year in duration (which additional periods shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in the preceding clause (B) unless 103.0 of the Stated Amount thereof minus any amount then on deposit in any Cash collateral account established for the benefit of the relevant Issuing Bank) is Cash collateralized or backstopped on or before the date that such Letter of Credit is extended beyond the date referred to in clause (B) above pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank on or prior to the date that is 5 Business Days prior to the Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date). 

(d) Participations . By the issuance of any Letter of Credit (or an amendment to any Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, the applicable Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Revolving Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section 2.05 , or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 

(e) Reimbursement . 

(i) If the applicable Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 3:00 p.m. one Business Day immediately following the date on which the Borrower receives notice of such LC Disbursement under paragraph (g) of this Section 2.05 ; provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing in an equivalent amount (any such 

86 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Revolving Borrowing in clauses (x) or (y) , a Letter of Credit Reimbursement Loan and, to the extent so financed, the obligation of the Borrower to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Revolving Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Revolving Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Revolving Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. 

(ii) If any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank any amount required to be paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.05(e) by the time specified therein, such Issuing Bank shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such Issuing Bank at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (A) the Administrative Agent s customary rate for interbank advances in Dollars (or, if greater, the Federal Funds Effective Rate) from time to time in effect and (B) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A certificate of the applicable Issuing Bank submitted to any Revolving Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (ii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(f) Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section 2.05 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under any Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the applicable Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.05 , constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the obligations of the Borrower hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor any of their respective Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of such Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse such Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to 

87 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 

(g) Disbursement Procedures . The applicable Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by written notice upon any LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that no failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 

(h) Interim Interest . If any Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, unless the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement (or the date on which such LC Disbursement is reimbursed with the proceeds of a Loan, as applicable), at the rate per annum then applicable to Initial Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans (or, to the extent of the participation in such LC Disbursement by any Revolving Lender of another Class, the rate per annum then applicable to the Revolving Loans of such other Class); provided that if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section 2.05 , then Section 2.13(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section 2.05 to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Revolving Lender to the extent of such payment and shall be payable on the date on which the Borrower is required to reimburse the applicable LC Disbursement in full (and, thereafter, on demand). 

(i) Replacement or Resignation of an Issuing Bank or Designation of New Issuing Banks . 

(i) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement becomes effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b)(ii) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of any Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such 

88 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and the relevant Revolving Lender, designate one or more additional Revolving Lenders to act as an Issuing Bank under the terms of this Agreement. Any Revolving Lender designated as an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph (i) who agrees in writing to such designation shall be deemed to be an Issuing Bank (in addition to being a Revolving Lender) in respect of Letters of Credit issued or to be issued by such Revolving Lender, and, with respect to such Letters of Credit, such term shall thereafter apply to the other Issuing Bank and such Revolving Lender. 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, each Issuing Bank may, upon thirty days (or if such Issuing Bank is also acting as the Administrative Agent and such resignation is submitted concurrently with such Person s resignation as the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article 8, upon ten days prior written notice) prior written notice to the Borrower, each other Issuing Bank and the Lenders, resign as Issuing Bank, which resignation shall be effective as of the date referenced in such notice (but in no event less than thirty days after the delivery of such written notice); it being understood that in the event of any such resignation, any Letter of Credit then outstanding shall remain outstanding (irrespective of whether any amounts have been drawn at such time). In the event of any such resignation as an Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint any Revolving Lender that accepts such appointment in writing as successor Issuing Bank. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Issuing Bank hereunder, the successor Issuing Bank shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Issuing Bank, and the retiring Issuing Bank shall be discharged from its duties and obligations in such capacity hereunder. 

(j) Cash Collateralization . 

(i) If any Event of Default exists and the Loans have been declared due and payable in accordance with Article 7 hereof, then on the Business Day on which the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Revolving Lenders demanding the deposit of Cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph (j) , the Borrower shall deposit, in an interest-bearing account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders (the LC Collateral Account ), an amount in Cash equal to 103.0 of the Stated Amount of any outstanding Letters of Credit as of such date minus the amount then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account); provided that the obligation to deposit such Cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) . 

(ii) Any such deposit under clause (i) above shall be held by the Administrative Agent as Collateral for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph (j) . The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account, and the Borrower hereby grants the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders and the Issuing Banks, a First Priority security interest in the LC Collateral Account. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders) be 

89 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

applied to satisfy other Secured Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of Cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (together with all interest and other earnings with respect thereto, to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower promptly but in no event later than three Business Days after such Event of Default has been cured or waived. 

(k) Governing Law; Applicability of ISP . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, each Letter of Credit shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with the rules of the ISP, and as to matters not governed by the ISP, the laws of the State of New York. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything else in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to the contrary, the Issuing Bank shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the Issuing Bank s rights and remedies against the Borrower solely in its capacity as an Issuing Bank shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the Issuing Bank required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the applicable law or any order of a jurisdiction where the Issuing Bank or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 

Section 2.06. [Reserved]. 

Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings. 

(a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder not later than (i) 12:00 p.m., in the case of LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans and (ii) 3:00 p.m., in the case of ABR Loans, in each case on the Business Day specified in the applicable Borrowing Request by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders in an amount equal to such Lender s respective Applicable Percentage. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to the account designated in the relevant Borrowing Request or as otherwise directed by the Borrower; provided that Letter of Credit Reimbursement Loans shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank. 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from any Lender that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of any Borrowing prior to the proposed date of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section 2.07 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if any Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand (without duplication) such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of (A) the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in Dollars, would be offered for such day by the Administrative Agent in the applicable offshore interbank market for Dollars (or, if greater, the Federal Funds Effective Rate) and (B) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Loans comprising such Borrowing at such time. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing and the obligation of the Borrower to repay 

90 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) shall cease. If the Borrower pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, the amount so paid shall constitute a repayment of such Borrowing by such amount. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or the Borrower or any other Loan Party may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 

Section 2.08. Type; Interest Elections. 

(a) Each Borrowing shall initially be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section 2.08 . The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders based upon their Applicable Percentages and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.08 , the Borrower shall deliver an Interest Election Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent. 

(c) Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 : 

(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing; and 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 

If any such Interest Election Request requests a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless 

91 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, such Borrowing shall be converted at the end of such Interest Period to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the then-current Interest Period applicable thereto and provided that no such notice shall be required in the case of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(f) or Section 7.01(g) . 

Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. 

(a) Unless previously terminated, (i) the Initial Term Loan Commitments shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date, (ii) the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments shall automatically terminate on the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (iii) the Additional Term Loan Commitments of any Class shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Additional Term Loans of such Class and, if any such Additional Term Loan Commitment is not drawn on the date that such Additional Term Loan Commitment is required to be drawn pursuant to the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Extension Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment, the undrawn amount thereof shall automatically terminate and (iv) the Additional Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class shall automatically terminate on the Maturity Date specified therefor in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Extension Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment. 

(b) Upon delivery of the notice required by Section 2.09(c) , the Borrower may at any time terminate or from time to time reduce, the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class; provided that (i) each reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of Revolving Loans, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Exposures attributable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class would exceed the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class; provided that, after the establishment of any Additional Revolving Credit Commitments, any such termination or reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class shall be subject to the provisions set forth in Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02 , as applicable. 

(c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce any Revolving Credit Commitment under paragraph (b) of this Section 2.09 in writing at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction (or such later date to which the Administrative Agent may agree), specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Revolving Lenders of each applicable Class of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.09 shall be irrevocable; provided that any such notice may state that it is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of any Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.09(c) shall be permanent. Upon any reduction of any Revolving Credit Commitment, the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Lender of the relevant Class shall be reduced by such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of such reduction amount. 

92 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt. 

(a) (i) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to repay the outstanding principal amount of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans to the Administrative Agent for the accounts of the Initial Term Lenders: 

(A) 	on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December (commencing with the last Business Day of the first Fiscal Quarter ending after the Closing Date) prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date (each such date being referred to as a Term Loan Installment Date in a principal amount equal to 0.25 of the original principal amount of such Tranche B-2 Term Loans on a pro rata basis to the Initial Term Lenders (as such payments may be (x) reduced from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.11 and/or repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(g) or (y) increased as a result of any increase in the amount of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22(a) ); and 
 (B)	on the Term Loan Maturity Date, in an amount equal to the remainder of the principal amount of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans outstanding on such date, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of such payment. 
 (ii) The Borrower shall repay the Additional Term Loans of any Class in such scheduled amortization installments and on such date or dates as shall be specified therefor in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Incremental Facility Amendment or Extension Amendment (as such payments may be reduced from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.11 or repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(g) ). 

(iii) Prior to any repayment of Term Loans of any Class under this Section 2.10(a) , the Borrower may select the Term Borrowing or Borrowings of the applicable Class to be repaid by notifying the Administrative Agent in writing of such selection (A) in the case of a repayment of any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m. three Business Days before the scheduled date of repayment and (B) in the case of a repayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m. on the scheduled date of repayment (or, in the case of clauses (A) and (B) , such later time as to which the Administrative Agent may agree); provided that in the absence of such notice by the Borrower, any such repayment shall be applied, first, to the ABR Borrowings of the Term Loans of such Class, if any, and, second, to the LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowings of the Term Loans of such Class (and, as among any such LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowings, in the direct order of the shortest remaining Interest Periods applicable thereto). Each repayment of any Term Borrowing pursuant to this Section 2.10(a) shall be applied ratably to the Term Loans included in such Term Borrowing. 

(b) (i) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (A) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Initial Revolving Lender the then-unpaid principal amount of the Initial Revolving Loans of such Lender on the Initial Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (B) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Additional Revolving Lender the then-unpaid principal amount of each Additional Revolving Loan of such Additional Revolving Lender on the Maturity Date applicable thereto and (C) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender and any applicable Revolving Lenders, all Swingline Loans and all other amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Swingline Loans on the earlier of (x) the date which is ten (10) Business Days after the incurrence thereof and (y) the date of termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments. 

93 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(ii) On the Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class, the Borrower shall (A) cancel and return outstanding Letters of Credit (or alternatively, with respect to each outstanding Letter of Credit, furnish to the Administrative Agent) a Cash deposit (or if reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank, a backstop letter of credit) equal to 103.0 of the Stated Amount thereof minus any amount then on deposit in any Cash collateral account established for the benefit of the relevant Issuing Bank) as of such date, in each case to the extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure attributable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of any other Class shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Commitments of such other Class then in effect and (B) make payment in full in Cash of all accrued and unpaid fees and all reimbursable expenses and other Obligations with respect to the Revolving Facility of the applicable Class then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest (if any) thereon. 

(c) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period (if any) applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks and each Lender s or Issuing Bank s share thereof. 

(e) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (c) or (d) of this Section 2.10 shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein (absent manifest error); provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any manifest error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of each of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided , further , that in the event of any inconsistency between the accounts maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 2.10 and any Lender s records, the accounts of the Administrative Agent shall govern. 

(f) Any Lender may request that any Loan made by it be evidenced by a Promissory Note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver a Promissory Note to such Lender payable to such Lender and its registered assigns; it being understood and agreed that such Lender (or its applicable assign) shall be required to return such Promissory Note to the Borrower in accordance with Section 9.05(b)(iii) and upon the occurrence of the Termination Date (or as promptly thereafter as practicable). If any Lender loses the original copy of its Promissory Note, it shall execute an affidavit of loss containing an indemnification provision reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower. 

(g) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to repay the outstanding principal amount of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans to the Administrative Agent for the accounts of the 2021 Incremental Term Lenders (i) on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December (commencing with the last Business Day of the first full Fiscal Quarter ending after the Third Amendment Effective Date) prior to the 2021 Incremental Term Loan Maturity Date (each such date being referred to as a 2021 Incremental Term Loan Installment Date in a principal amount equal to 0.25 of the original principal amount of such 2021 Incremental Term Loans on a pro rata basis to the 2021 Incremental Term Lenders (as such payments may be (x) reduced from time to time as a result of the application of 

94 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

prepayments in accordance with Section 2.11 and/or repurchases in accordance with Section 9.05(g) or (y) increased as a result of any increase in the amount of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22(a)); and (ii) on the 2021 Incremental Term Loan Maturity Date, in an amount equal to the remainder of the principal amount of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans outstanding on such date, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of such payment. 

Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans. 

(a) Optional Prepayments . 

(i) Upon prior notice in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 2.11 , the Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing of Term Loans of any Class in whole or in part without premium or penalty (but subject (A) in the case of Borrowings of Tranche B-2 Term Loans only, to Section 2.12(e) , (B) to Section 2.16 and (C) in the case of Borrowings of 2021 Incremental Term Loans only, to Section 2.12(f)). Each such prepayment shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the relevant Class. 

(ii) Upon prior notice in accordance with paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 2.11 , the Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing of Revolving Loans of any Class, in whole or in part without premium or penalty (but subject to Section 2.16 ); provided that after the establishment of any Additional Revolving Credit Commitment, any such prepayment of any Borrowing of Revolving Loans of any Class shall be subject to the provisions set forth in Section 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02 , as applicable. Each such prepayment shall be paid to the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the relevant Class. 

(iii) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any prepayment under this Section 2.11(a) . Each such notice must be in the form of a written Prepayment Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and must be received by the Administrative Agent (by hand delivery, fax or other electronic transmission, including .pdf or .tif not later than (A) in the case of prepayment of a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m. three Business Days before the date of prepayment or (B) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 p.m. on the day of prepayment (or, in the case of clauses (A) and (B), such later time as to which the Administrative Agent may agree). Each such Prepayment Notice shall be irrevocable (except as set forth in the proviso to this sentence) and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that any Prepayment Notice delivered by the Borrower may be conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, in which case such Prepayment Notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such Prepayment Notice relating to any Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the applicable Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount at least equal to the amount that would be permitted in the case of a Borrowing of the same Type and Class as provided in Section 2.02(c) , or such lesser amount that is then outstanding with respect to such Borrowing being repaid (and in increments of 500,000 in excess thereof or such lesser incremental amount that is then outstanding with respect to such Borrowing being repaid). Each prepayment of Term Loans shall be applied to the Class of Term Loans specified in the applicable Prepayment Notice, and each prepayment of Term Loans of such Class 

95 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

made pursuant to this Section 2.11(a) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled installments of principal due in respect of the Term Loans of such Class in the manner specified by the Borrower or, in the absence of any such specification on or prior to the date of the relevant optional prepayment, in direct order of maturity. 

(b) Mandatory Prepayments . 

(i) No later than the fifth Business Day after the date on which the financial statements with respect to each Fiscal Year are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b) , commencing with the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2020, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of Term Loans then subject to ratable prepayment requirements in accordance with clause (vii) of this Section 2.11(b) below in an aggregate principal amount (the ECF Prepayment Amount equal to (A) the Required Excess Cash Flow Percentage of Excess Cash Flow of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year then ended, minus , without duplication of amounts reducing Excess Cash Flow, (B) at the option of the Borrower, the aggregate principal amount of (x) any Term Loans (excluding any Incremental Term Loans that are not secured by the Collateral) and any Revolving Loans (to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction in the Revolving Credit Commitment) (excluding any Incremental Revolving Loans that are not secured by the Collateral on a first lien basis), and (y) the amount of any reduction in the outstanding amount of any Term Loans resulting from any assignment made to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries made in accordance with Section 9.05(g) of this Agreement (including in connection with any Dutch Auction) prior to the date of prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.11(b)(i) , in the case of this clause (y) , based upon the actual amount of cash paid in connection with the relevant assignment, in each case, excluding any such optional prepayments (I) made during such Fiscal Year that reduced the amount required to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.11(b)(i) in the prior Fiscal Year (in the case of any prepayment of revolving Indebtedness, to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction in the relevant commitment, and (II) in the case of all such prepayments, solely to the extent that such prepayments were not financed with the proceeds of other Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness) of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries or proceeds constituting a Cure Amount); provided that any such Excess Cash Flow prepayment shall be required only to the extent the amount of such prepayment exceeds 5,000,000; provided , further , that if at the time that any such prepayment would be required, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is required to prepay, repay or repurchase (or offer to prepay, repay or repurchase) any other Indebtedness that is secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness with any portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount (such Indebtedness required to be so repaid or repurchased (or offered to be repaid or repurchased), the Other Applicable Indebtedness ), then the relevant Person may apply the ECF Prepayment Amount on a pro rata basis to the prepayment of the Term Loans and to the repurchase, prepayment or repayment of the Other Applicable Indebtedness (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and the Other Applicable Indebtedness (or accreted amount if such Other Applicable Indebtedness is issued with original issue discount) at such time; it being understood that (1) the portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of the ECF Prepayment Amount required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of the ECF Prepayment Amount shall be allocated to the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof), and the amount of the prepayment of the Term Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.11(b)(i) shall be reduced accordingly and (2) to the extent the holders of the Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such Indebtedness prepaid or repurchased, the declined amount shall 

96 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(ii) No later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of Net Proceeds in respect of any Prepayment Asset Sale or Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds, in each case, in excess of (x) 7,000,000 in a single transaction or series of related transactions or (y) 30,000,000 in the aggregate for all such transactions after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall apply an amount equal to the Required Prepayment Percentage of the Net Proceeds or Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds received with respect thereto in excess of such thresholds (collectively, the Subject Proceeds to prepay the outstanding principal amount of Term Loans then subject to ratable prepayment requirements (the Subject Loans in accordance with clause (vii) below; provided that (A) if prior to the date any such prepayment is required to be made, the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent of its intention to reinvest the Subject Proceeds in assets used or useful in the business (other than Cash or Cash Equivalents) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, then so long as no Event of Default then exists, the Borrower shall not be required to make a mandatory prepayment under this clause (ii) in respect of the Subject Proceeds to the extent (x) the Subject Proceeds are so reinvested within 365 days following receipt thereof, or (y) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has committed to so reinvest the Subject Proceeds during such 365-day period and the Subject Proceeds are so reinvested within 180 days after the expiration of such 365-day period; it being understood that if the Subject Proceeds have not been so reinvested prior to the expiration of the applicable period, the Borrower shall promptly prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Subject Loans with the Subject Proceeds not so reinvested as set forth above (without regard to the immediately preceding proviso) and (B) if, at the time that any such prepayment would be required hereunder, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is required to prepay, repay or repurchase (or offer to prepay, repay or repurchase) any Other Applicable Indebtedness with any portion of the Subject Proceeds, then the relevant Person may apply the Subject Proceeds on a pro rata basis to the prepayment of the Subject Loans and to the repurchase, prepayment or repayment of the Other Applicable Indebtedness (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Subject Loans and the Other Applicable Indebtedness (or accreted amount if such Other Applicable Indebtedness is issued with original issue discount) at such time; it being understood that (1) the portion of the Subject Proceeds allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of the Subject Proceeds required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of the Subject Proceeds shall be allocated to the Subject Loans in accordance with the terms hereof), and the amount of the prepayment of the Subject Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.11(b)(ii) shall be reduced accordingly and (2) to the extent the holders of the Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such Indebtedness prepaid or repurchased, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Subject Loans in accordance with the terms hereof. 

(iii) In the event that the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (x) receives Net Proceeds from the issuance or incurrence of (A) Indebtedness by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not permitted under Section 6.01 , (B) Indebtedness that constitutes (I) Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 6.01(p) , (II) Incremental Loans incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22 or (III) Replacement Term Loans incurred to refinance all or any portion of the Term Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.02(c) , the Borrower shall, substantially simultaneously with (and in any event not later than the next succeeding Business Day) the receipt of such Net Proceeds by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case 

97 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

may be, apply an amount equal to 100.0 of such Net Proceeds to prepay the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Term Loans in accordance with clause (vii) below or (y) obtains a Replacement Revolving Facility, the Borrower shall comply with Section 9.02(c)(ii)(I) ; 

(iv) [Reserved]. 

(v) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.11(b) to the contrary: 

(A) if the Borrower determines in good faith that the repatriation to the Borrower of any amount of the relevant Excess Cash Flow generated by any Foreign Subsidiary, the Net Proceeds of the relevant Prepayment Asset Sale consummated by any Foreign Subsidiary or the relevant Net Insurance/Condemnation Proceeds received by any Foreign Subsidiary, as the case may be, that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to Sections 2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above would be prohibited under any Requirement of Law or conflict with the fiduciary duties of such Foreign Subsidiary s directors, or result in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for any officer, director, employee, manager, member of management or consultant of such Foreign Subsidiary (such amount, a Restricted Foreign Subsidiary Amount ), the amount that the Borrower shall be required to mandatorily prepay pursuant to Sections 2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above, as applicable, shall be reduced by the Restricted Foreign Subsidiary Amount; it being understood that if the repatriation of the relevant affected Excess Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds, as the case may be, is permitted under the applicable Requirement of Law and, to the extent applicable, would no longer conflict with the fiduciary duties of such director, or result in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for the Persons described above, in either case, within 365 days following the end of the applicable Excess Cash Flow Period or the event giving rise to the relevant Subject Proceeds, the relevant Foreign Subsidiary will to the extent then available promptly repatriate the relevant Excess Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds, as the case may be, and the repatriated Excess Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds, as the case may be, will be applied promptly after such repatriation (net of additional Taxes payable or reserved against as a result thereof) to the repayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) to the extent required herein (without regard to this clause (v)(A) ), 

(B) if the Borrower determines in good faith that the distribution to the Borrower of the relevant Excess Cash Flow generated by any joint venture or the relevant Subject Proceeds received by any joint venture to prepay any amount of such Excess Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to Sections 2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above would be prohibited under the Organizational Documents governing such joint venture (such amount, a Restricted Joint Venture Amount ), the amount that the Borrower shall be required to mandatorily prepay pursuant to Sections 2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above, as applicable, shall be reduced by the Restricted Joint Venture Amount; it being understood that if the relevant prohibition ceases to exist within the 365-day period following the end of the applicable Excess Cash Flow Period or the event giving rise to the relevant Subject Proceeds, the relevant joint venture will promptly distribute to the Borrower to the extent then available the relevant Excess Cash Flow or the relevant Subject Proceeds, as the case may be, and such Excess Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds (net of additional Taxes payable or reserved against as a result of such distribution) will be applied promptly after such distribution to the repayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) to the extent required herein (without regard to this clause (v)(B) ), 

98 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(C) if the Borrower determines in good faith that the repatriation to the Borrower or any dividend or other distribution, as applicable, to the Borrower of any amounts required to mandatorily prepay the Term Loans pursuant to Sections 2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above would result in a material Tax liability (including any withholding Tax) (such amount, a Restricted Tax Amount ), the amount that the Borrower shall be required to mandatorily prepay pursuant to Sections 2.11(b)(i) or (ii) above, as applicable, shall be reduced by the Restricted Tax Amount; provided that to the extent that within the 365-day period following the event giving rise to the relevant Subject Proceeds or the end of the applicable Excess Cash Flow Period, as the case may be, such repatriation or dividend or other distribution, as applicable, of the relevant Subject Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow to the Borrower would no longer result in a material Tax liability, to the extent then available the Subject Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, as applicable, will be promptly repatriated or paid as a dividend or otherwise distributed to the Borrower and will be applied promptly thereafter (net of additional Taxes payable or reserved against as a result of such repatriation, dividend or other distribution, as applicable) to the repayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) to the extent required herein (without regard to this clause (v)(C) ); 

(vi) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans required to be made pursuant to clause (i) , (ii) or (iii) of this Section 2.11(b) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each applicable Lender of the contents of any such notice from the Borrower and of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the prepayment. Each Term Lender will have the right to decline all (but not a portion) of its Applicable Percentage of such prepayment (such declined amounts, the Declined Proceeds by providing written notice (each, a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower no later than 12:00 p.m. two (2) Business Days after the date of such Lender s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent regarding such prepayment provided that if any Lender fails to deliver a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent of its election to decline receipt of its Applicable Percentage of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans within the time frame specified above, such failure will be deemed to constitute an acceptance of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the total amount of such mandatory prepayment); provided that (A) in the event that any Term Lender elects to decline receipt of such Declined Proceeds, the remaining amount thereof may be retained by the Borrower and (B) for the avoidance of doubt, no Lender may reject any prepayment made under Section 2.11(b)(iii) to the extent that such prepayment is made with the Net Proceeds of (x) Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 6.01(p) , (y) Incremental Loans incurred to refinance all or a portion of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.22 or (z) Replacement Term Loans incurred to refinance all or any portion of the Term Loans in accordance with the requirements of Section 9.02(c) . 

(vii) Except as otherwise provided in any Refinancing Amendment, any Incremental Facility Amendment or any Extension Amendment, each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.11(b) shall be applied ratably to each Class of Term Loans then outstanding provided that any prepayment of Term Loans with the Net Proceeds of any Refinancing Indebtedness, Incremental Term Facility or Replacement Term Loans shall be applied to the applicable Class of Term Loans being refinanced or replaced). With respect to each Class of Term Loans, all accepted prepayments under this Section 2.11(b) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled 

99 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

installments of principal due in respect of such Term Loans as directed by the Borrower (or, in the absence of direction from the Borrower, to the remaining scheduled amortization payments in respect of such Term Loans in direct order of maturity), and each such prepayment shall be paid to the Term Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentage of the applicable Class. The amount of such mandatory prepayments shall be applied on a pro rata basis to the then outstanding Term Loans being prepaid irrespective of whether such outstanding Term Loans are ABR Loans or LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans; provided that if no Lenders exercise the right to waive a given mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(vi) , then, with respect to such mandatory prepayment, the amount of such mandatory prepayment shall be applied first to the then outstanding Term Loans that are ABR Loans and then to the then outstanding Term Loans that are LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans in a manner that minimizes the amount of any payments required to be made by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.16 . 

(viii) (A) In the event that the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Class exceeds 100.0 of the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class then in effect, the Borrower shall, within five Business Days of receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent, prepay the Revolving Loans or reduce LC Exposure in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Revolving Credit Exposure as of the date of such payment to an amount not to exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class then in effect by taking any of the following actions as it shall determine at its sole discretion: (x) prepaying Revolving Loans or (y) with respect to any excess LC Exposure, depositing Cash in a Cash collateral account established for the benefit of the relevant Issuing Bank or backstopping or replacement of the relevant Letters of Credit, in each case, in an amount equal to 103.0 of such excess LC Exposure attributable to the Stated Amount of such Letters of Credit minus any amount then on deposit in any Cash collateral account established for the benefit of the relevant Issuing Bank). 

(B) Each prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing under this Section 2.11(b)(viii) shall be paid to the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the applicable Class. 

(ix) Prepayments made under this Section 2.11(b) shall be (A) accompanied by accrued interest as required by Section 2.13 , (B) subject to Section 2.16 , (C) in the case of prepayments of Tranche B-2 Term Loans under clause (iii) above as part of a Repricing Transaction, subject to Section 2.12(e) , but shall otherwise be without premium or penalty, and (D) in the case of prepayments of 2021 Incremental Term Loans under clause (iii) above as part of a Repricing Transaction, subject to Section 2.12(f) , but shall otherwise be without premium or penalty. 

Section 2.12. Fees. 

(a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender of any Class (other than any Defaulting Lender) a commitment fee, which shall accrue at a rate equal to the Commitment Fee Rate applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class on the average daily amount of the unused Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class of such Revolving Lender during the period from and including the Closing Date to the date on which such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class terminates. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December (commencing with the last Business Day of September, 2019) for the quarterly period then ended, and on the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments of the applicable Class terminate. For purposes of calculating the commitment fee only, the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Class of any Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be used to the 

100 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

extent of Revolving Loans of such Class of such Revolving Lender and the LC Exposure of such Revolving Lender attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class (and the Swingline Exposure of such Lender shall be disregarded for such purpose). 

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Revolving Lender of any Class, a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Revolving Loans of such Class that are LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans on the daily face amount of such Lender s LC Exposure attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class (excluding any portion thereof that is attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements), during the period from and including the Closing Date to the earlier of (A) the later of the date on which such Revolving Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class terminates and the date on which such Revolving Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class and (B) the Termination Date, (ii) to each Issuing Bank, a fronting fee, in respect of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank for the period from the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to the earlier of (A) the expiration date of such Letter of Credit, (B) the date on which such Letter of Credit terminates or (C) the Termination Date, computed at a rate equal to equal to 0.125 per annum or the rate agreed by such Issuing Bank and the Borrower, and (iii) to each Issuing Bank, for its own account, such Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees shall accrue to but excluding the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and be payable in arrears for the quarterly period then ended on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December (commencing, if applicable, with the last Business Day of September, 2019); provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments of the applicable Class terminate, and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Credit Commitments of the applicable Class terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within thirty days after receipt of a written demand (accompanied by reasonable back-up documentation) therefor. 

(c) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, the annual administration fee in the amounts and at the times set forth in the Fee Letter. 

(d) Except as otherwise provided in the Fee Letter, all fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars and in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the applicable Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to any Issuing Bank). Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances except as otherwise provided in the Fee Letter. 

(e) In the event that, on or prior to the date that is six months following the Second Amendment Effective Date, (A) any Tranche B-2 Term Loans are refinanced in a Repricing Transaction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(iii) that constitutes a Repricing Transaction), or (B) any amendment, waiver or other modification of or to this Agreement is effected that constitutes a Repricing Transaction, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the applicable Tranche B-2 Term Lenders, (I) in the case of clause (A) , a premium of 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans so refinanced and (II) in the case of clause (B) , a fee equal to 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans that are the subject of such Repricing Transaction outstanding immediately prior to such Repricing Transaction. If, on or prior to the date that is six months following the Second Amendment Effective Date, all or any portion of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans held by any Term Lender are prepaid or assigned at the election of the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19(b)(iv) as a result of such Term Lender being a Non-Consenting Lender in respect of any amendment, waiver or modification of or to this Agreement constituting a Repricing Transaction, the Borrower shall pay to such Term Lender a fee equal 

101 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

to 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans held by such Term Lender that are so prepaid or assigned (it being expressly understood and agreed that such fee shall be paid in lieu of, and not in addition to, any amounts that would be payable in respect of such Tranche B-2 Term Loans pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence). All such amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.12(e) shall be due and payable on the date of effectiveness of the applicable Repricing Transaction. 

(f) In the event that, on or prior to the date that is six months following the Third Amendment Effective Date, (A) any 2021 Incremental Term Loans are refinanced in a Repricing Transaction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(iii) that constitutes a Repricing Transaction), or (B) any amendment, waiver or other modification of or to this Agreement is effected that constitutes a Repricing Transaction, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the applicable 2021 Incremental Term Lenders, (I) in the case of clause (A) , a premium of 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans so refinanced and (II) in the case of clause (B) , a fee equal to 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans that are the subject of such Repricing Transaction outstanding immediately prior to such Repricing Transaction. If, on or prior to the date that is six months following the Third Amendment Effective Date, all or any portion of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans held by any 2021 Incremental Term Lender are prepaid or assigned at the election of the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19(b)(iv) as a result of such 2021 Incremental Term Lender being a Non-Consenting Lender in respect of any amendment, waiver or modification of or to this Agreement constituting a Repricing Transaction, the Borrower shall pay to such 2021 Incremental Term Lender a fee equal to 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Incremental Term Loans held by such 2021 Incremental Term Lender that are so prepaid or assigned (it being expressly understood and agreed that such fee shall be paid in lieu of, and not in addition to, any amounts that would be payable in respect of such 2021 Incremental Term Loans pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence). All such amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.12(f) shall be due and payable on the date of effectiveness of the applicable Repricing Transaction. 

(g) Unless otherwise indicated herein, all computations of fees shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and shall be payable for the actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Each determination by the Administrative Agent of a fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

Section 2.13. Interest. 

(a) The Term Loans and Revolving Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 

(b) The Term Loans and Revolving Loans comprising each LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) has occurred and is continuing, any principal of or interest on any Term Loan or Revolving Loan, any LC Disbursement or any fee payable by the Borrower hereunder that is not, in each case, paid or reimbursed when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, shall, to the extent of the relevant overdue amount, bear interest, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal or interest of any Term Loan, Revolving Loan or unreimbursed LC Disbursement, 2.00 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Term Loan, Revolving Loan or LC Disbursement as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section 2.13 or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2.00 plus the rate applicable to 

102 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section 2.13 ; provided that no amount shall accrue pursuant to this Section 2.13(c) on any overdue amount payable to a Defaulting Lender during the period that such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 

(d) Accrued interest on each Term Loan or Revolving Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Term Loan or Revolving Loan and (i) on the Maturity Date applicable to such Loan and (ii) in the case of a Revolving Loan of any Class, upon termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class; provided that (A) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Term Loan or Revolving Loan (other than any repayments or prepayments of an ABR Revolving Loan of any Class that are not made in connection with the termination or permanent reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (B) in the event of any conversion of any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Term Loan or Revolving Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 

(e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate that is determined by reference to the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate or LIBO Rate , Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid; provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall bear interest for one day. 

Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest. If Without limiting Section 1.12 hereof, if (i) at least two Business Days prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing: 

(a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period; or 

(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; 

then the Administrative Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or facsimile as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, which the Administrative Agent agrees promptly to do, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing shall be ineffective and such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, and (ii) if any Borrowing Request requests a LIBO Rate Term SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing. 
 103 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Section 2.15. Increased Costs. 

(a) If any Change in Law: 

(i) imposes, modifies or deems applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the LIBO Rate Term SOFR or Issuing Bank; 

(ii) subjects any Lender or Issuing Bank to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (e) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, (C) Connection Income Taxes, and (D) Other Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 

(iii) imposes on any Lender or Issuing Bank or the London interbank market any other condition (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans made by any Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to the relevant Lender of making or maintaining any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan or Letter of Credit in an amount deemed by such Lender or Issuing Bank to be material, then, within thirty days after the Borrower s receipt of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this Section 2.15 , the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided that the Borrower shall not be liable for such compensation (A) unless such Lender or Issuing Bank is generally charging such amounts to similarly situated borrowers under comparable syndicated credit facilities or (B) if (x) the relevant Change in Law occurs on a date prior to the date such Lender becomes a party hereto or (y) such Lender invokes Section 2.20 . 
 (b) If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding liquidity or capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then within thirty days of receipt by the Borrower of the certificate contemplated by paragraph (c) of this Section 2.15 the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) Any Lender or Issuing Bank requesting compensation under this Section 2.15 shall be required to deliver a certificate to the Borrower that (i) sets forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or the holding company thereof, as applicable, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.15 and (ii) sets forth, in reasonable detail, the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined. 

104 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation; provided , however, that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 2.15 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided , further , that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the conversion or prepayment of any principal of any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration or otherwise), (b) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan on the date or in the amount specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto or (c) the assignment of any LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan of any Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense incurred by such Lender that is attributable to such event (other than loss of profit). In the case of a LIBO Rate Loan, the loss, cost or expense of any Lender shall be the amount reasonably determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the LIBO Rate that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the applicable currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the Eurodollar market; it being understood that such loss, cost or expense shall in any case exclude any interest rate floor and all administrative, processing or similar fees. Any Lender requesting compensation under this Section 2.16 shall be required to deliver a certificate to the Borrower that sets forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.16, the basis therefor and, in reasonable detail, the manner in which such amount or amounts were determined, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within thirty days after receipt thereof. 

Section 2.17. Taxes. 

(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Requirements of Law. If any applicable Requirement of Law requires the withholding or deduction of any Tax from any such payment, then (i) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax or Other Tax, the amount payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required withholdings and deductions (including withholdings and deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17 the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank (as applicable) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholdings or deductions been made, (ii) the relevant Loan Party shall be entitled to make such withholdings or deductions and (iii) the relevant Loan Party shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law. If at any time any Loan Party is required by any applicable Requirement of Law to make any withholding or deduction from any amount payable hereunder or under any Loan Document, such Loan Party shall promptly notify the relevant Lender 

105 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

or Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent after any Responsible Officer s receipt of written notice from a Governmental Authority of the same. 

(b) In addition, the Loan Parties shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for any Other Taxes paid by it. 

(c) The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank, as applicable within thirty days after receipt of the certificate described in the succeeding sentence, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes payable or paid by, or withheld or deducted from a payment to, the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. In connection with any request for reimbursement under this Section 2.17(c) , the relevant Lender, Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall deliver a schedule to the Borrower setting forth, in reasonable detail, the basis and calculation of the amount of the relevant payment or liability, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within thirty days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (but only to the extent that no Loan Party has already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s or Issuing Bank s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.05(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender or Issuing Bank by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Issuing Bank under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Issuing Bank under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Issuing Bank from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (d) . 

(e) As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(f) Status of Lenders . 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by 

106 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

applicable Requirements of Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in clauses (ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below), shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(A) each Lender that is not a Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) each Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(3) in the case of any Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 871(h) or Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit L-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E; or 

(4) to the extent any Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit L-2 or Exhibit L-4 , IRS Form W-9, or other certification 

107 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if such Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit L-3 on behalf of each such direct or indirect partner; 

(C) each Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation as is prescribed by applicable Requirements of Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this paragraph (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. For purposes of this Section 2.17(f) , the term Lender shall be deemed to include any Issuing Bank. 
 (g) If the Administrative Agent or any Lender or Issuing Bank receives a refund of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which a Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17 , it shall pay over such refund to the Borrower (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Loan Party under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank in the event the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the Administrative Agent, any Lender or Issuing Bank be required to 

108 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

pay any amount to the Borrower under this clause (g) the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Administrative Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the relevant Loan Party or any other Person. 

(h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Payments. 

(a) Unless otherwise specified, the Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees, reimbursements of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 , or otherwise) no later than 3:00 p.m. on the date when due in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent to the applicable account designated by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.12, 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Person or Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.19(b) and 2.20 , each Borrowing, each payment or prepayment of principal of any Borrowing, each payment of interest on the Loans of a given Class and each conversion of any Borrowing to or continuation of any Borrowing as a Borrowing of any Type (and of the same Class) shall be allocated pro rata among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages of the applicable Class. Each Lender agrees that in computing such Lender s portion of any Borrowing to be made hereunder, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, round each Lender s percentage of such Borrowing to the next higher or lower whole Dollar amount. Any payment required to be made by the Administrative Agent hereunder shall be deemed to have been made by the time required if the Administrative Agent shall, at or before such time, have taken the necessary steps to make such payment in accordance with the regulations or operating procedures of the clearing or settlement system used by the Administrative Agent to make such payment. 

(b) All proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent while an Event of Default exists and all or any portion of the Loans that have been accelerated hereunder pursuant to Section 7.01 , shall, upon election by the Administrative Agent or at the direction of the Required Lenders, be applied, first , to the payment of all costs and expenses then due incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with any collection, sale or realization on Collateral or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the Secured Obligations, including all court costs and the fees and expenses of agents and legal counsel, the repayment of all advances made by the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document on behalf of any Loan Party and any other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document, second , on a pro rata basis, to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Administrative Agent (other than those covered in clause first above) or to any Issuing Bank constituting Secured Obligations, third , to pay interest, including any commission charges or fees with respect to letters 

109 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

of credit, due and payable in respect of any Loans on a pro rata basis, fourth , on a pro rata basis in accordance with the amounts of the other Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no written claim has yet been made) owed to the Secured Parties on the date of any such distribution, to the payment in full of the Secured Obligations (including, with respect to LC Exposure, an amount to be paid to the Administrative Agent equal to 103.0 of the Stated Amount of any outstanding Letters of Credit minus the amount then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account) on such date, to be held in the LC Collateral Account as Cash collateral for such Obligations); provided that if any Letter of Credit expires undrawn, then any Cash collateral held to secure the related LC Exposure shall be applied in accordance with this Section 2.18(b) , beginning with clause first above, fifth , to, or at the direction of, the Borrower or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. 

(c) If any Lender obtains payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off or otherwise) in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans of any Class or participations in LC Disbursements held by it resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans of such Class and participations in LC Disbursements and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender with Loans of such Class and participations in LC Disbursements, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for Cash at face value) participations in the Loans of such Class and sub-participations in LC Disbursements of other Lenders of such Class at such time outstanding to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders of such Class ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans of such Class and participations in LC Disbursements; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by any Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any permitted assignee or participant, including any payment made or deemed made in connection with Sections 2.22 , 2.23 and 9.02(c) . The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agree, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Requirements of Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.18(c) and will, in each case, notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.18(c) shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. 

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender or any Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each Lender or the applicable Issuing Bank severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds 

110 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

(e) If any Lender fails to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.07(b) or Section 2.18(d) , then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 

Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 

(a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 , or any Lender determines it can no longer make or maintain LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans pursuant to Section 2.20 , or the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to or indemnify any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or its participation in any Letter of Credit affected by such event, or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17 , as applicable, in the future or mitigate the impact of Section 2.20 , as the case may be, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed out-of-pocket cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in any material respect. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15 , or any Lender determines it can no longer make or maintain Term SOFR Loans pursuant to Section 2.20, and any Lender has declined or is unable to designate, or assign to, a different lending office, branch or affiliate pursuant to clause (a) above, (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to or indemnify any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 , (iii) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or (iv) in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender , each Revolving Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby (or any other Class or group of Lenders other than the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders) with respect to which Required Lender or Required Revolving Lender consent (or the consent of Lenders holding loans or commitments of such Class or lesser group representing more than 50.0 of the sum of the total loans and unused commitments of such Class or lesser group at such time) has been obtained, as applicable, any Lender is a non-consenting Lender (each such Lender, a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Borrower may, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, (x) terminate the applicable Commitments of such Lender, and repay all Obligations of the Borrower owing to such Lender relating to the applicable Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date provided that, if, after giving effect to such termination and repayment, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Class exceeds the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class then in effect, then the Borrower shall, not later than the next Business Day, prepay one or more Revolving Borrowings of the applicable Class (and, if no Revolving Borrowings of such Class are outstanding, deposit Cash collateral in the LC Collateral Account) in an amount necessary to eliminate such excess) or (y) replace such Lender by requiring such Lender to assign and delegate (and such Lender shall be obligated to assign and delegate), without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.05 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if any Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (A) such Lender has received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of its Loans and, if applicable, funded participations in LC 

111 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Disbursements and/or Swingline Loans, in each case of such Class of Loans or Commitments, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder with respect to such Class of Loans or Commitments, (B) in the case of any assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17 , such assignment would result in a reduction in such compensation or payments, (C) in the case of any assignment resulting from the inability or failure to designate, or assign to, a different lending office, branch or affiliate, such assignment is to a Lender that can make or maintain LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans and (D) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Requirements of Law. No Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) shall be required to make any such assignment and delegation, and the Borrower may not repay the Obligations of such Lender or terminate its Commitments, if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each Lender agrees that if it is replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19 , it shall (x) execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption to evidence such sale and purchase and shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any Promissory Note (if the assigning Lender s Loans are evidenced by one or more Promissory Notes) subject to such Assignment and Assumption provided that the failure of any Lender replaced pursuant to this Section 2.19 to execute an Assignment and Assumption or deliver any such Promissory Note shall not render such sale and purchase (and the corresponding assignment) invalid), such assignment shall be recorded in the Register, any such Promissory Note shall be deemed cancelled, and (y) in the case of any Non-Consenting Lender who is the Lender of record for purposes of determining whether the applicable number of Lenders have consented to the relevant amendment, waiver or consent, consent to the relevant proposed amendment, waiver or consent prior to the execution of such Assignment and Assumption. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Lender s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Lender and in the name of such Lender, from time to time in the Administrative Agent s discretion, with prior written notice to such Lender, to take any action and to execute any such Assignment and Assumption or other instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this clause (b) . 

Section 2.20. Illegality. If any Lender reasonably determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted after the Closing Date that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate Term SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR , or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the LIBO Rate Term SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR , or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of Dollars in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans or to convert ABR Loans to LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender, shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist (which notice such Lender agrees to give promptly). Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from the relevant Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or convert all of such Lender s LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate) either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate Term SOFR 

112 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans (in which case the Borrower shall not be required to make payments pursuant to Section 2.16 in connection with such payment) and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR , the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR . Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different lending office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the determination of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. 

Section 2.21. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then unless and until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

(a) Fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of any Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and, subject to clause (d)(iv) below, on the participation of such Defaulting Lender in Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c) and Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.12(b) . 

(b) The Commitments and the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders, each affected Lender, the Required Lenders, the Required Revolving Lenders or such other number of Lenders as may be required hereby or under any other Loan Document have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any waiver, amendment or modification pursuant to Section 9.02 ); provided that any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender which affects such Defaulting Lender disproportionately and adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 

(c) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of any Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 2.11 , Section 2.15 , Section 2.16 , Section 2.17 , Section 2.18 , Article 7 , Section 9.05 or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.09 ), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent and, where relevant, the Borrower as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Swingline Lender or any applicable Issuing Bank hereunder; third , if so reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent or reasonably requested by the Swingline Lender or any applicable Issuing Bank, to be held as Cash collateral for future funding obligations of such Defaulting Lender in respect of any participation in any Swingline Loan or Letter of Credit; fourth , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, as the Borrower may request, to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement; fifth , as the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may elect, to be held in a deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of such Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the non-Defaulting Lenders, Swingline Lender or Issuing Banks as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any non-Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh , to the 

113 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Exposure in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loan or LC Exposure was made or created, as applicable, at a time when the conditions set forth in Sections 4.01 or 4.02, as applicable, were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Exposure owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Exposure owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and LC Exposure are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Revolving Credit Commitments after giving effect to Section 2.21(d) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to any Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by any Defaulting Lender or to post Cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.21(c) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(d) If any Swingline Exposure and/or LC Exposure exists at the time any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 

(i) the Swingline Exposure and/or LC Exposure, as applicable, of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated pro rata among the non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Revolving Credit Percentages but only to the extent that (A) the sum of the Revolving Credit Exposures of all non-Defaulting Lenders attributable to the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Class does not exceed the total of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders of such Class and (B) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any non-Defaulting Lender that is attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class does not exceed such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class; 

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Requirements of Law, within three Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent, Cash collateralize 103.0 of (x) such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure attributable to the Stated Amount of outstanding Letters of Credit (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to paragraph (i) above and any Cash collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender or pursuant to Section 2.21(c) or make other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank with respect to such LC Exposure (including, without limitation, requiring the Borrower to prepay such Letters of Credit in the amount that eliminates such exposure) and obligations to fund participations in Letters of Credit and/or (y) such Defaulting Lender s Swingline Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to paragraph (i) above and any Cash collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender or pursuant to Section 2.21(c) or make other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and to the Swingline Lender with respect to such Swingline Exposure (including, without limitation, requiring the Borrower to prepay such Swingline Loans in the amount that eliminates such exposure) and obligations to fund participations in Swingline Loans, as applicable. Cash collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce LC Exposure, Swingline Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following (A) the elimination of the applicable LC Exposure, Swingline Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of the Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 2.19 )) or (B) the Administrative Agent s good faith determination that there exists excess Cash collateral (including as a result of 

114 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

any subsequent reallocation of LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure among non-Defaulting Lenders described in clause (i) above); 

(iii) if the Swingline Exposure and/or LC Exposure, as applicable, of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.21(d) , then the fees payable to the Revolving Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.12(a) and/or (b) , as the case may be, shall be adjusted to give effect to such reallocation; and 

(iv) if any Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is not Cash collateralized, prepaid or reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.21(d) , then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the applicable Issuing Bank or any Revolving Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the applicable Issuing Bank until such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is Cash collateralized or reallocated. 

(e) So long as any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend, create, incur, amend or increase any Letter of Credit unless the entire Stated Amount thereof will be covered by the Revolving Credit Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders, Cash collateral provided pursuant to Section 2.21(c) or Cash collateral provided in accordance with Section 2.21(d) , and participating interests in any such or newly issued, extended or created Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Revolving Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.21(d)(i) (it being understood that Defaulting Lenders shall not participate therein). 

(f) In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank agree that any Defaulting Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will notify the other parties hereto, and then, on the effective date specified in such notice, and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash collateral) the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of Swingline Exposure and/or LC Exposure, as applicable, of the Revolving Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and on such date, to the extent applicable such Revolving Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Loans of the applicable Class of the other Revolving Lenders or participations in Swingline Loans and/or Letters of Credit or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent determine as necessary in order for such Revolving Lender to hold such Revolving Loans or participations in accordance with its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Class or its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage, as applicable. Notwithstanding the fact that any Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, (x) no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender and (y) except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 

Section 2.22. Incremental Credit Extensions. 

(a) The Borrower may, at any time, on one or more occasions pursuant to an Incremental Facility Amendment (i) add one or more new tranches of term facilities or increase the principal amount of the Term Loans of any existing Class by requesting new commitments to provide such Term Loans (any such new tranche or increase, an Incremental Term Facility and any loans made pursuant to an Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Term Loans or (ii) add one or more new tranches of Incremental Revolving Commitments or increase the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of any existing Class (any such new tranche or increase, an Incremental Revolving Facility and, together with 

115 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

any Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Facilities and the loans thereunder, Incremental Revolving Loans and any Incremental Revolving Loans, together with any Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Loans in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the Incremental Cap; provided that: 

(i) subject to Section 2.22(i) , on the date that such Incremental Facility becomes effective, the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of such date; provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, it shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided , further , that representations and warranties that are qualified by material , material adverse effect or a similar term shall be true and correct in all respects; 

(ii) except as otherwise agreed by the Borrower and any Lender in the relevant Incremental Facility Amendment, no Lender shall be obligated to provide any Incremental Commitment, and the determination to provide any Incremental Commitment shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of such Lender; 

(iii) no Incremental Facility or Incremental Loan (nor the creation, provision or implementation thereof) shall require the approval of any existing Lender other than in its capacity, if any, as a lender providing all or part of any Incremental Commitment or Incremental Loan, 

(iv) (A) except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.22 , the terms of any Incremental Term Facility (other than any terms which are applicable only after the Maturity Date of any then-existing tranche of Term Loans) must be substantially consistent with those applicable to the Tranche B-2 Term Loans and 2021 Incremental Term Loans or as agreed upon among the Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Incremental Term Facility and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, (B) the terms of any Incremental Term Loans made as an increase to any Class of Term Loans shall be on the same terms to those applicable to the then-existing Term Loans of the applicable Class, (C) except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.22 , the terms of any Incremental Revolving Facility (other than any terms which are applicable only after the then-existing Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date), must be substantially consistent with those applicable to the Initial Revolving Facility or as agreed upon among the Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Incremental Revolving Facility and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and (D) the terms of any Incremental Revolving Facility that is an increase to the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be on the same terms to those applicable to the then-existing Revolving Credit Commitments, 

(v) the Effective Yield (and the components thereof) applicable to any Incremental Facility may be determined by the Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Incremental Facility; provided that, in the case of any Incremental Term Facility that is pari passu with the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans (other than any such Incremental Term Facility that constitutes MFN Adjustment Excluded Indebtedness), the Effective Yield applicable thereto (as determined on the date of initial incurrence thereof) may not be more than 0.50 higher than the Effective Yield applicable to the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans (as determined on such date), as applicable, unless the Applicable Rate with respect to the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, as applicable, is adjusted to be equal to such Effective Yield with respect to such Incremental Facility, minus , 0.50 ; provided that solely with respect to 2021 Incremental Term Loans, this clause (v) shall only apply through and including the date that is 12 months after the Third Amendment Effective Date, 

116 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(vi) (A) the final maturity date with respect to any Incremental Term Loans shall be no earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date and (B) no Incremental Revolving Facility may have a final maturity date earlier than (or require scheduled amortization or mandatory commitment reductions prior to) the Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date, 

(vii) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term Facility shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the then-existing tranche of Term Loans (without giving effect to any prepayments thereof), 

(viii) (A) any Incremental Facility must rank pari passu with or junior to the Term Facility in right of payment and may rank pari passu with or junior to the Term Facility with respect to security or may be unsecured (and to the extent the relevant Incremental Facility is subordinated to the Term Facility in right of payment or security and documented in a separate agreement (it being agreed that any Incremental Facility that is subordinated to the Term Facility in right of payment or security shall be documented in a separate agreement, unless such Incremental Facility is a pari passu last out facility), it shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement), (B) to the extent that any portion of any Incremental Facility is incurred in reliance on any portion of the Growth Available Incremental Amount, such portion of such Incremental Facility shall not be secured on a greater priority basis than that by which the Indebtedness repaid and underlying such portion of the Growth Available Incremental Amount so utilized was secured (if at all) and (C) no Incremental Facility may be (x) guaranteed by any Person which is not a Loan Party or (y) secured by any assets other than the Collateral, 

(ix) (A) any prepayment (other than any scheduled amortization payment) of Incremental Term Loans that are pari passu in right of payment and security with any then-existing Term Loans that require ratable prepayment (including the Tranche B-2 Term Loans and the 2021 Incremental Term Loans) shall be made on a pro rata basis with such existing Term Loans, except, that the Borrower and the lender or lenders providing the relevant Incremental Term Loans shall be permitted, in their sole discretion, to elect to prepay or receive, as applicable, any such prepayment on a less than pro rata basis (but not on a greater than pro rata basis) (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Incremental Term Loans that are not pari passu in right of payment and security shall not be entitled to share in any such prepayment) and (B) any prepayment or reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments with respect to Incremental Revolving Facilities that are pari passu in right of payment and security with any then-existing Revolving Facility that require ratable prepayment or commitment reduction, as applicable (including the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments), shall be made on a pro rata basis with such existing Revolving Facility, except, that the Borrower and the lender or lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Facility shall be permitted, in their sole discretion, to elect to prepay, apply or receive, as applicable, any such prepayment or commitment reduction on a less than pro rata basis (but not on a greater than pro rata basis) (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Incremental Revolving Facilities that are not pari passu in right of payment and security shall not be entitled to share in any such prepayment or commitment reduction), 

(x) no Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) exists or would exist immediately after giving effect to such Incremental Facility and, except as otherwise agreed by the lender or lenders providing the relevant Incremental Facility (and in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility increasing the Revolving Credit Commitments, the Required Revolving Lenders) in connection with an acquisition or other Investment permitted under this Agreement, no other Event of Default shall exist or would exist immediately after giving effect to such Incremental Facility, 

117 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(xi) the proceeds of any Incremental Facility may be used by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for working capital and other general corporate purposes (including the financing of acquisitions and other Investments and Restricted Payments) and any other use not prohibited by this Agreement, and 

(xii) on the date of the Borrowing of any Incremental Term Loans that will be of the same Class as any then-existing Class of Term Loans, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Sections 2.08 or 2.13 , such Incremental Term Loans shall be added to (and constitute a part of, be of the same Type as and, at the election of the Borrower, have the same Interest Period as) each Borrowing of outstanding Term Loans of such Class on a pro rata basis (based on the relative sizes of such Borrowings), so that each Term Lender providing such Incremental Term Loans will participate proportionately in each then-outstanding Borrowing of Term Loans of such Class; it being acknowledged that the application of this clause (a)(xii) may result in new Incremental Term Loans having Interest Periods (the duration of which may be less than one month) that begin during an Interest Period then applicable to outstanding LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans of the relevant Class and which end on the last day of such Interest Period. 

(b) Incremental Commitments may be provided by any existing Lender, or by any other Eligible Assignee (other than any Disqualified Institution) (any such other lender being called an Additional Lender ); provided that the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank) shall have a right to consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) to the relevant Additional Lender s provision of Incremental Commitments if such consent would be required under Section 9.05(b) for an assignment of Loans to such Additional Lender; provided , further , that any Additional Lender that is an Affiliated Lender shall be subject to the provisions of Section 9.05(g) , mutatis mutandis , to the same extent as if Incremental Commitments and related Obligations had been obtained by such Lender by way of assignment. 

(c) Each Lender or Additional Lender providing a portion of any Incremental Commitment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower all such documentation (including the relevant Incremental Facility Amendment) as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent to evidence and effectuate such Incremental Commitment. On the effective date of such Incremental Commitment, each Additional Lender shall become a Lender for all purposes in connection with this Agreement. 

(d) As conditions precedent to the effectiveness of any Incremental Facility or the making of any Incremental Loans, (i) upon its request, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive customary written opinions of counsel, as well as such reaffirmation agreements, supplements or amendments as it shall reasonably require, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive, from each Additional Lender, an administrative questionnaire, in the form provided to such Additional Lender by the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Questionnaire and such other customary documents as it shall reasonably require from such Additional Lender, (iii) the Administrative Agent and Lenders shall be entitled to receive all fees (if any) required to be paid in respect of such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans and (iv) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive a certificate of the Borrower signed by a Responsible Officer thereof: 

(A) certifying and attaching a copy of the resolutions adopted by the governing body of each Loan Party approving or consenting to such Incremental Facility or Incremental Loans, and 

118 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(B) to the extent applicable, certifying that the condition set forth in clause (a)(x) above has been satisfied. 

(e) Upon the implementation of any Incremental Revolving Facility pursuant to this Section 2.22 : 

(i) if such Incremental Revolving Facility establishes Revolving Credit Commitments of the same Class as any then-existing Class of Revolving Credit Commitments, (i) each Revolving Lender immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each relevant Incremental Revolving Facility Lender, and each relevant Incremental Revolving Facility Lender will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed a portion of such Revolving Lender s participations hereunder in outstanding Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit such that, after giving effect to each deemed assignment and assumption of participations, all of the Revolving Lenders (including each Incremental Revolving Facility Lender) participations hereunder in Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit shall be held on a pro rata basis on the basis of their respective Revolving Credit Commitments (after giving effect to any increase in the Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.22 and (ii) the existing Revolving Lenders of the applicable Class shall assign Revolving Loans to certain other Revolving Lenders of such Class (including the Revolving Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Facility), and such other Revolving Lenders (including the Revolving Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Facility) shall purchase such Revolving Loans, in each case to the extent necessary so that all of the Revolving Lenders of such Class participate in each outstanding Borrowing of Revolving Loans pro rata on the basis of their respective Revolving Credit Commitments of such Class (after giving effect to any increase in the Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.22 ); it being understood and agreed that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to this clause (i) ; and 

(ii) if such Incremental Revolving Facility establishes Revolving Credit Commitments of a new Class, then (A) the borrowing and repayment (except for (x) payments of interest and fees at different rates on the Revolving Facilities (and related outstandings), (y) repayments required on the Maturity Date of any Revolving Facility and (z) any repayment made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Facility (subject to clause (C) below)) of Revolving Loans with respect to any Revolving Facility after the effective date of such Incremental Revolving Facility shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Facilities, (B) all Letters of Credit shall be participated on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis by all Revolving Lenders and (C) any permanent repayment of Revolving Loans with respect to, and reduction and termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under, any Revolving Facility after the effective date of such Incremental Revolving Facility shall be made on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis with all other Revolving Facilities, except that the Borrower shall be permitted to permanently repay Revolving Loans and reduce or terminate Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Facility on a greater than pro rata basis as compared to any other Revolving Facilities with a later Maturity Date than such Revolving Facility. 

(f) On the date of effectiveness of any Incremental Revolving Facility, the maximum amount of LC Exposure permitted hereunder shall increase by an amount, if any, agreed upon by Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Banks and the Borrower. 

119 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(g) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any Incremental Facility Amendment or any amendment to any other Loan Document as may be necessary in order to establish new Classes or sub-Classes in respect of Loans or commitments pursuant to this Section 2.22 and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Classes or sub-Classes, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.22 . 

(h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.22 or in any other provision of any Loan Document, if the proceeds of any Incremental Facility are intended to be applied to finance an acquisition or other Investment that is permitted under this Agreement, the conditions to entering into and availability of such Incremental Facility (including applicability of customary SunGard or other certain funds conditionality), and the timing of satisfaction or waiver of any such conditions (as between being satisfied or waived upon execution of an amendment evidencing such Incremental Facility or upon the making of any Incremental Loans thereunder), shall be as agreed to among the Borrower and the lenders in respect of such Incremental Facility but without in any way limiting the other applicable conditions to Incremental Facilities specified in this Section 2.22 ; provided that no Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) exists or would exist immediately after giving effect to such Incremental Facility. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.22 or in any other provision of any Loan Document, the Loan Parties shall not be required to bring down any representations and warranties in connection with any Incremental Facility (other than with respect to the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.12 , which such representations and warranties, shall be required to be true and correct, as of the applicable date of funding of such Incremental Facility and after giving effect to such Incremental Facility), unless and solely to the extent otherwise required by, the lender or lenders providing such Incremental Facility. 

(j) This Section 2.22 shall supersede any provision in Section 2.18 or 9.02 to the contrary. 

Section 2.23. Extensions of Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders holding Loans of any Class or Commitments of any Class, in each case on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the respective Loans or Commitments of such Class) and on the same terms to each such Lender, the Borrower is hereby permitted to consummate transactions with any individual Lender who accepts the terms contained in the relevant Extension Offer to extend the Maturity Date of all or a portion of such Lender s Loans or Commitments of such Class and otherwise modify the terms of all or a portion of such Loans or Commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including by increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Loans or Commitments (and related outstandings) or modifying the amortization schedule, if any, in respect of such Loans) (each, an Extension , and each group of Loans or Commitments, as applicable, in each case as so extended, and the original Loans and the original Commitments (in each case not so extended), being a tranche any Extended Term Loans shall constitute a separate tranche of Loans from the tranche of Loans from which they were converted and any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall constitute a separate tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments from the tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments from which they were converted), so long as the following terms are satisfied: 

(i) except as to (A) interest rates, fees and final maturity (which shall, subject to immediately succeeding clause (iii) , be determined by the Borrower and any Lender who agrees to 

120 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

an Extension of its Revolving Credit Commitments and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and (B) any covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date of the tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments subject to such Extension Offer, the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Lender who agrees to an extension with respect to such Commitment (an Extended Revolving Credit Commitment and the Loans thereunder, Extended Revolving Loans ), and the related outstandings, shall constitute a revolving commitment (or related outstandings, as the case may be) with terms substantially identical to (or terms not less favorable to existing Lenders as) the tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments subject to the relevant Extension Offer (and related outstandings) provided hereunder; provided that to the extent more than one Revolving Facility exists after giving effect to any such Extension, (x) the borrowing and repayment (except for (1) payments of interest and fees at different rates on the Revolving Facilities (and related outstandings), (2) repayments required upon the Maturity Date of any Revolving Facility and (3) repayments made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Facility (subject to clause (z) below)) of Revolving Loans with respect to any Revolving Facility after the effective date of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis with all other Revolving Facilities, (y) all Letters of Credit shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Revolving Lenders and (z) the permanent repayment of Revolving Loans with respect to, and reduction or termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under, any Revolving Facility after the effective date of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Facilities, except that the Borrower shall be permitted to permanently repay Revolving Loans and terminate Revolving Credit Commitments of any Revolving Facility on a greater than pro rata basis as compared to any other Revolving Facilities with a later Maturity Date than such Revolving Facility; 

(ii) except as to (A) interest rates, fees, amortization, final maturity date, premiums, required prepayment dates and participation in prepayments (which shall, subject to immediately succeeding clauses (iii) , (iv) and (v) , be determined by the Borrower and any Lender who agrees to an Extension of its Term Loans and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and (B) any covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date of the tranche of Term Loans subject to such Extension Offer (in each case, as of the date of such Extension), the Term Loans of any Lender extended pursuant to any Extension (any such extended Term Loans, the Extended Term Loans shall have the same terms (or terms not less favorable to existing Lenders) as the tranche of Term Loans subject to the relevant Extension Offer; provided , however , that any representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants (including financial covenants) and events of default applicable to such tranche of Extended Term Loans that also expressly apply to (and for the benefit of) the tranche of Term Loans subject to the Extension Offer and each other Class of Term Loans hereunder may be more favorable to the lenders of the applicable tranche of Extended Term Loans than those originally applicable to the tranche of Term Loans subject to the Extension Offer; 

(iii) (x) the final Maturity Date of any Extended Term Loans may be no earlier than the Latest Maturity Date of the tranche of Term Loans subject to such Extension Offer (as of the date of such Extension) and (y) no Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Loans may have a final Maturity Date earlier than (or have scheduled commitment reductions prior to) the Latest Maturity Date of the tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments subject to such Extension Offer (as of the date of such Extension); 

121 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(iv) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the tranche of Term Loans subject to such Extension Offer (as of the date of such Extension); 

(v) any Extended Term Loans may participate on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) in any voluntary or mandatory repayments or prepayments (but, for purposes of clarity, not scheduled amortization payments) in respect of the Term Loans, in each case as specified in the relevant Extension Offer; 

(vi) if the aggregate principal amount of Loans or Commitments, as the case may be, in respect of which Lenders have accepted the relevant Extension Offer exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Loans or Commitments, as the case may be, offered to be extended by the Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Loans or Commitments, as the case may be, of such Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed the applicable Lender s actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer; 

(vii) unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees, any Extension shall be in a minimum amount of 1,000,000; 

(viii) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition must be satisfied or waived by the Borrower; 

(ix) any documentation in respect of any Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing; 

(x) no Extension of any Revolving Facility shall be effective as to the obligations of any Issuing Bank with respect to Letters of Credit without the consent of such Issuing Bank (such consents not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) (and, in the absence of such consent, all references herein to Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall be determined, when used in reference to such Issuing Bank without giving effect to such Extension); and 

(xi) no Extension of any Revolving Facility shall be effective as to the obligations of any Swingline Lender with respect to Swingline Loans without the consent of such Swingline Lender (such consents not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) (and, in the absence of such consent, all references herein to Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall be determined, when used in reference to such Swingline Lender without giving effect to such Extension). 

(b) (i) No Extension consummated in reliance on this Section 2.23 shall constitute a voluntary or mandatory prepayment for purposes of Section 2.11 , (ii) the scheduled amortization payments (insofar as such schedule affects payments due to Lenders participating in the relevant Class) set forth in Section 2.10 shall be adjusted to give effect to any Extension of any Class of Loans or Commitments and (iii) except as set forth in clause (a)(vii) above, no Extension Offer is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment; provided that the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition to the consummation of any Extension that a minimum amount (to be specified in the relevant Extension Offer in the Borrower s sole discretion) of Loans or Commitments (as applicable) of any or all applicable tranches be tendered; it being understood that the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, waive any such Minimum Extension Condition. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.23 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 

122 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

the payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments on such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including Sections 2.10 , 2.11 or 2.18 or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any such Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.23 . 

(c) Subject to any consent required under Section 2.23(a)(x) , no consent of any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be required to effectuate any Extension, other than the consent of each Lender agreeing to such Extension with respect to one or more of its Loans or Commitments of any Class (or a portion thereof). All Extended Term Loans and Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall constitute Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are secured by the Collateral and guaranteed on a pari passu basis with all other applicable Secured Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any Extension Amendment and any amendment to any of the other Loan Documents with the Loan Parties as may be necessary in order to establish new Classes or sub-Classes in respect of Loans or Commitments so extended and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Classes or sub-Classes, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.23 . 

(d) In connection with any Extension, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures (including regarding timing, rounding and other adjustments and to ensure reasonable administrative management of the credit facilities hereunder after such Extension), if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.23 . 

Section 2.24. Inability to Determine Rates. If the Administrative Agent determines that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan or that the LIBO Rate Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Lenders of funding such LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and each Lender thereof. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans hereunder shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice in writing. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request then submitted by it. If the Borrower does not revoke such notice, the Lenders shall make, convert or continue the Loans, as proposed by the Borrower, in the amount specified in the applicable notice submitted by the Borrower, but such Loans shall be made, converted or continued as ABR Loans instead of LIBO Rate Term SOFR Loans. 

ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

On the Closing Date, on the date of any Credit Extension (if and to the extent required pursuant to the terms hereof) and on any other date required pursuant to the terms hereof, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 
 Section 3.01. Organization; Powers. Each of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (a) is (i) duly organized and validly existing and (ii) in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdiction) under the Requirements of Law of its jurisdiction of organization and (b) has all requisite 

123 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

organizational power and authority to own its assets and to carry on its business as now conducted; except, in each case referred to in this Section 3.01 (other than clauses (a)(i) and (b) with respect to any Loan Party) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party are within such Loan Party s corporate or other organizational power and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action of such Loan Party. Each Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Legal Reservations. 

Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of each Loan Document by each Loan Party thereto and the performance by such Loan Party thereof (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) solely in the case of a foreclosure on the pledge of Capital Stock in any Broker-Dealer Subsidiary or any direct or indirect parent company of any Broker-Dealer Subsidiary under the Loan Documents, any approval by FINRA or any similar Governmental Authority of a change in control or ownership or transfer of assets or line of business of any Broker-Dealer Subsidiary (or any direct or indirect parent company thereof), (iii) in connection with the Perfection Requirements and (iv) such consents, approvals, registrations, filings or other actions the failure to obtain or make which could not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate any (i) of such Loan Party s Organizational Documents or (ii) Requirement of Law applicable to such Loan Party which violation, in the case of this clause (b)(ii) , would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) will not violate or result in a default under any material Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party or is otherwise bound which violation, in the case of this clause (c) , would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect. 

(a) (i) The financial statements most recently provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, (x) except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (y) subject, in the case of financial statements provided pursuant to Section 5.01(a) , to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments. 

(b) Since the Closing Date, there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.05. Properties. 

(a) As of the Closing Date, Schedule 3.05(a) sets forth the address of each Real Estate Asset (or each set of such assets that collectively comprise one operating property) that is owned in fee simple (or similar concept in any applicable jurisdiction) by any Loan Party. 

(b) The Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries have good and valid fee simple title (or similar concept in any applicable jurisdiction) to or rights to purchase, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all of their respective Real Estate Assets and have good title to their personal property and assets, in each case, except (i) for defects in title that do not materially interfere with their ability to conduct their business as currently conducted or to utilize such 

124 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

properties and assets for their intended purposes or (ii) where the failure to have such title or interests would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) To the knowledge of the Borrower, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries own or otherwise have a license or right to use all rights in Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and other rights in works of authorship (including all copyrights embodied in software) and all other similar intellectual property rights IP Rights used to conduct their respective businesses as presently conducted without, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any infringement or misappropriation of the IP Rights of third parties, except to the extent the failure to own or have a license or right to use would not, or where such infringement or misappropriation would not, have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters. 

(a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary which would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Except for any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no Environmental Claims are pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) neither the Borrower nor any of the Restricted Subsidiaries has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any Governmental Authorization required under any Environmental Law. 

(c) Neither the Borrower nor any of the Restricted Subsidiaries has treated, stored, transported or disposed of Hazardous Materials at or from any currently or formerly operated real estate or facility relating to its business in a manner that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws. The Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property, except, in each case where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; it being understood and agreed that this Section 3.07 shall not apply to the Requirements of Law specifically referenced in Section 3.19 below. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect, all Broker-Dealer Licenses and Memberships and Broker-Dealer Registrations of each Broker-Dealer Subsidiary have been obtained and are in full force and effect. 

Section 3.08. Investment Company Status. No Loan Party is an investment company as defined in, or is required to be registered under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Section 3.09. Taxes. The Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it that are due and payable, except (a) Taxes (or any requirement to file Tax returns with respect thereto) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary has received written notice of any proposed or pending Tax assessment, audit 

125 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

or deficiency that would individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.10. ERISA. 

(a) Each Pension Plan is in compliance in form and operation with its terms and with ERISA and the Code and all other applicable Requirements of Law, except where any failure to comply would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Loan Parties or their ERISA Affiliates, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Pension Plan or Foreign Pension Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Except as individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) no ERISA Event or Foreign Benefit Event has occurred and is continuing or is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability; and (iii) neither the Loan Parties nor any ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA. 

Section 3.11. Disclosure. 

(a) As of the Closing Date, all written information (other than the Projections, financial estimates, other forward-looking information or projected information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) concerning the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that was included in the Information Materials or otherwise prepared by or on behalf of the Sponsors, the Borrower or any of their respective representatives and made available to any Lender or the Administrative Agent in connection with the Transactions on or before the Closing Date (the Information ), when taken as a whole, did not, when furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are made (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto from time to time). 

(b) The Projections have been prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time furnished (it being recognized that such Projections are not to be viewed as facts and are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies many of which are beyond the Borrower s control, that no assurance can be given that any particular financial projections will be realized, that actual results may differ from projected results and that such differences may be material). 

(c) To the knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in any Beneficial Ownership Certification provided to any Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects. 

Section 3.12. Solvency. As of the Closing Date, immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Closing Date and the incurrence of Indebtedness and obligations on the Closing Date in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. 

126 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Section 3.13. Capitalization and Subsidiaries. Schedule 3.13 sets forth, in each case as of the Closing Date, (a) a correct and complete list of the name of each Subsidiary of the Borrower and the ownership interest therein held by the Borrower or its applicable Subsidiary, and (b) the type of entity of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries. 

Section 3.14. Security Interest in Collateral. Subject to the terms of the last paragraph of Section 4.01 , the Legal Reservations, the Perfection Requirements, the provisions, limitations and/or exceptions set forth in this Agreement and the other relevant Loan Documents, the Collateral Documents create legal, valid and enforceable Liens on all of the Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Parties, and upon the satisfaction of the applicable Perfection Requirements, such Liens constitute perfected Liens (with the priority that such Liens are expressed to have under the relevant Collateral Documents, unless otherwise permitted hereunder or under any Collateral Document) on the Collateral (to the extent such Liens are required to be perfected under the terms of the Loan Documents) securing the Secured Obligations, in each case as and to the extent set forth therein. 

Section 3.15. Labor Disputes. As of the Closing Date, except as individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, threatened and (b) the hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Requirements of Law. 

Section 3.16. Federal Reserve Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loan or any Letter of Credit will be used for any purpose that results in a violation of the provisions of Regulation U or X. Each Broker-Dealer Subsidiary that extends purpose credit to customers (as those terms are defined in Regulation T of the Board of Governors) maintains procedures and internal controls reasonably designed to ensure that such Broker-Dealer Subsidiary does not extend or maintain purpose credit to or for its customers other than in accordance with the provisions of Regulation T of the Board of Governors. 

Section 3.17. Senior Indebtedness. The Obligations constitute Senior Indebtedness (or any comparable term) under and as defined in the documentation governing any Indebtedness that is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations. 

Section 3.18. Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans consistent with Section 5.10 . 

Section 3.19. OFAC; PATRIOT ACT and FCPA. 

(a) (i) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of any of the foregoing is currently subject to or the target of any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department OFAC ); and (ii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries will not directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit, or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such financing, is subject to or the target of any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC, except to the extent licensed by OFAC or otherwise permissible. 

(b) To the extent applicable, the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance, in all material respects, with the (i) Trading with the Enemy Act and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the U.S. Treasury Department (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V) and any other enabling 

127 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

legislation or executive order relating thereto and (ii) know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 

(c) (i) None of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a material violation by any such Person of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ), including making any offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization or approval of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give or authorization of the giving of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in each case in contravention of the FCPA and any applicable anti-corruption Requirement of Law of any Governmental Authority and (ii) no part of the proceeds of any Loan or any Letter of Credit will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly for any payments to any government official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA. 

The representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.19 above made by or on behalf of any Foreign Subsidiary are subject to and limited by any Requirement of Law applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary; it being understood and agreed that to the extent that any Foreign Subsidiary is unable to make any representation or warranty set forth in Section 3.19 as a result of the application of this sentence, such Foreign Subsidiary shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is in compliance in all material respects with any equivalent Requirement of Law relating to anti-terrorism, anti-corruption or anti-money laundering that is applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary in its relevant local jurisdiction of organization. 
 Section 3.20. Certain Regulatory Matters. 

(a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.20 , to the extent required pursuant to applicable Requirements of Law, (i) each Broker-Dealer Subsidiary is a member in good standing of FINRA and (ii) each Broker-Dealer Subsidiary is duly registered as a broker-dealer and in good standing with the SEC and/or duly registered as an Introducing Broker with the CFTC, and in each state where the conduct of a material portion of its business requires such registration. 

(b) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.20 , to the extent required pursuant to applicable Requirements of Law, each Investment Manager Subsidiary is duly registered (i) under the Investment Advisers Act as an investment adviser and is thus not required to be registered as an investment adviser in the various states and (ii) with each other applicable governing body where the conduct of its investment advisory business requires such registration. 

(c) Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary other than the Investment Manager Subsidiaries is required to be registered, licensed or qualified as an investment adviser under the laws requiring any such registration, licensing or qualification in any state in which it conducts business, except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or qualified would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary other than the Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries is required to be registered, licensed or qualified as a broker-dealer under the securities laws of any state where it conducts business or is subject to material liability or disability by reason of the failure to be so registered, licensed or qualified except where the failure to be so registered, licensed or qualified would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

128 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

ARTICLE 4 CONDITIONS 

Section 4.01. Closing Date. Subject to the last paragraph of this Section 4.01, the obligations of (i) each Lender to make Loans and (ii) any Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02): 

(a) Credit Agreement and Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each Loan Party party thereto (i) a counterpart signed by such Loan Party (or written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include a copy transmitted by facsimile or other electronic method) that such party has signed a counterpart) of (A) this Agreement, (B) the Security Agreement, (C) the Loan Guaranty, (D) the Intellectual Property Security Agreements and (E) each Promissory Note requested by a Lender at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date (or such shorter period as may be agreed to by the Borrower in its sole discretion) and (ii) a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03. 

(b) Legal Opinion . The Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of itself and the Lenders, a customary written opinion of Willkie Farr Gallagher LLP, in its capacity as special counsel for the Loan Parties, dated as of the Closing Date. 

(c) Secretary s Certificate and Good Standing Certificates . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated as of the Closing Date and executed by a secretary, assistant secretary or other Responsible Officer thereof, which shall (A) certify that (x) attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation, formation or organization or other comparable organizational document, as applicable, of such Loan Party certified by the relevant authority of its jurisdiction of organization, (y) the certificate or articles of incorporation, formation or organization or other comparable organizational document, as applicable, of such Loan Party attached thereto have not been amended (except as attached thereto) since the date reflected thereon and (z) attached thereto is a true and correct copy of the by-laws or operating, management, partnership or similar agreement of such Loan Party, together with all amendments thereto as of the Closing Date, (B) certify that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions or written consents of its shareholders of Board of Directors, as the case may be, authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and that such resolutions or written consents have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect without amendment, modification or rescission, and (C) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers, managers, directors or authorized signatories of such Loan Party who have executed the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party as of the Closing Date and (ii) a good standing (or equivalent) certificate as of a recent date for such Loan Party from the relevant authority of its jurisdiction of organization (to the extent such concepts are applicable). 

(d) Closing Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a customary closing certificate, dated as of the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower on behalf of each Loan Party, confirming compliance with the conditions precedent set forth in Sections 4.01(j) , (k) , (l) , (o) and (s) as of the Escrow Funding Date or Closing Date, as applicable. 

(e) Solvency . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit M from the chief financial officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent responsibilities) of the Borrower dated as of the Closing Date and certifying as to the matters set forth therein. 

129 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(f) Perfection Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a completed Perfection Certificate dated as of the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party on behalf of such Loan Party. 

(g) Lien Searches . The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a search of the Uniform Commercial Code filings (or equivalent filings) with respect to the Loan Parties in the states (or other jurisdictions) of formation of such Persons, the results of a judgment and tax lien search with respect to the Loan Parties in the states and county in which the chief executive office of each such Person is located and in such other jurisdictions as may be reasonably required by the Administrative Agent, together with copies of the financing statements (or similar documents) disclosed by such search, and along with copies of USPTO and United States Copyright Office searches reasonably required by the Administrative Agent. 

(h) Pledged Stock and Pledged Notes . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the certificates representing any Capital Stock required to be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, together with an undated stock power or similar instrument of transfer for each such certificate endorsed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof, and (ii) any Material Debt Instrument required to be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an transfer form endorsed in blank) by the pledgor thereof. 

(i) Filings Registrations and Recordings . Each document (including any UCC (or similar) financing statement) required by any Collateral Document or under any applicable Requirement of Law to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral required to be delivered pursuant to such Collateral Document, shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. 

(j) Victory Refinancing . All indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower (including under the Existing Credit Agreement) shall be repaid, redeemed, defeased, discharged, refinanced and/or terminated, as applicable, and all commitments to extend credit under the Existing Credit Agreement and all security interests related thereto shall be terminated or released, in each case on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Arrangers other than (x) deferred purchase obligations, intercompany debt, capital leases, purchase money financings and equipment financings, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business, and (y) any other Indebtedness and Liens approved by the Lead Arrangers in their reasonable discretion (such transactions, collectively, the Victory Refinancing ), and all fees, commissions and expenses in connection with the Victory Refinancing shall have been paid in full. 

(k) Acquisition . The Acquisition shall be consummated pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement without giving effect to any modifications, consents, amendments or waivers thereto that are materially adverse to the Lenders unless consented to by the Lead Arrangers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); it being understood that (i) any change in the purchase price made in accordance with the provisions of the Acquisition Agreement (as in effect on November 6, 2018) will not be deemed materially adverse to the Lenders, (ii) any other decrease in the purchase price (x) that is less than or equal to 10.0 will not be deemed materially adverse to the Lenders and (y) otherwise will not be deemed materially adverse to the Lenders so long as any such reduction is applied to reduce the Initial Term Loan Commitments, and (iii) any substantive modification, consent, amendment or waiver of the definition of Material Adverse Effect shall be deemed materially adverse to the Lenders and the Lead Arrangers. 

(l) Target Refinancing . Concurrently with the consummation of the Acquisition, all pre-existing Indebtedness of the Targets and their Subsidiaries shall have been repaid or repurchased in full, all 

130 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

commitments relating thereto shall have been terminated, and all Liens or security interests related thereto shall have been terminated or released, in each case on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Arrangers other than (x) any Indebtedness of the Targets or their respective Subsidiaries and Liens on assets of the Targets and their respective Subsidiaries, in each case, that are permitted to remain outstanding pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, and (y) any other indebtedness and liens approved by the Lead Arrangers in their reasonable discretion (such transactions, collectively, the Target Refinancing ), and no new indebtedness shall be incurred on the Closing Date by the Borrower, the Targets or their respective Subsidiaries other than the Initial Term Loans. 

(m) Financial Information . The Lead Arrangers shall have received (i) the audited combined carve out balance sheets of the Targets as of December 31, 2016 and 2017 and for the corresponding prior Fiscal Years, and the related audited combined carve out statements of operations, cash flows and stockholder s equity for each of the Fiscal Years in the two (2) year period ended December 31, 2017 and for the corresponding prior Fiscal Years, in each case, as adjusted to reflect the difference between the Targets and the Business (as defined in the Eagle Acquisition Agreement), (ii) the audited carve out combined balance sheet of the Targets as of December 31, 2018, and the related audited combined carve out statement of operations, cash flows and stockholder s equity for the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2018, in each case, as adjusted to reflect the difference between the Targets and the Business, (iii) the unaudited combined carve out balance sheet of the Targets as of the last day of, and the related unaudited combined carve out statement of operations for, each Fiscal Quarter (or, in the case of the Fiscal Quarter ended September 30, 2018, for the nine-month period ended on such date), other than the fourth Fiscal Quarter in any Fiscal Year, ending at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date (beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ended September 30, 2018), in each case, as adjusted to reflect the difference between the Targets and the Business, (iv) audited consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (prior to giving effect to the Transactions) for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2018 and (v) unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of operations of the Borrower and its subsidiaries (prior to giving effect to the Transactions) for, each Fiscal Quarter, other than the fourth Fiscal Quarter in any Fiscal Year, ending at least 50 days prior to the Closing Date (beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 2018). 

(n) Pro Forma Financial Statements . The Lead Arrangers shall have received a pro forma consolidated balance sheet and related pro forma consolidated statement of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of and for the twelve-month period ending on the last day of the most recently completed four-Fiscal Quarter period ended at least 60 days (or 120 days in case such four-Fiscal Quarter period is the end of the Borrower s Fiscal Year) prior to the Closing Date, prepared in good faith after giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred as of such date (in the case of such balance sheet) or at the beginning of such period (in the case of the statement of operations); provided that purchase accounting adjustments shall not be required to be made. 

(o) Material Adverse Effect . From November 6, 2018 to the Escrow Funding Date, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement). 

(p) Payment of Fees . All fees required to be paid as of the Closing Date to the Lead Arrangers, certain of their respective Affiliates, the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders shall have been paid. All expenses (including legal fees and expenses) of the Lead Arrangers and the Administrative Agent in connection with the Transactions required to be reimbursed as of the Closing Date, to the extent invoiced in reasonable detail at least three (3) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed to by the Borrower in its sole discretion) prior to the Closing Date, shall have been paid (with all such reimbursable expenses invoiced thereafter to be paid in accordance with the Loan Documents). 

131 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(q) Certain Information . The Administrative Agent will have received at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date all documentation and other information about the Borrower, Target and their respective Subsidiaries (to the extent any such Person is required to become a Loan Party) required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act, to the extent requested from the Borrower at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. 

(r) Beneficial Ownership Certification . To the extent the Borrower, Target or any of their respective Subsidiaries qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received a Beneficial Ownership Certification in the relation to such Person. 

(s) Representations and Warranties . As of the Escrow Funding Date, (i) the Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations shall be accurate in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier set forth therein) and (ii) the Specified Representations shall be accurate in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier set forth therein). 

For purposes of determining whether the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 have been satisfied as of the Closing Date, by funding the Initial Term Loans hereunder, the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, to the extent any security interest in the intended Collateral (other than any Collateral the security interest in which may be perfected solely by the filing of a UCC financing statement or solely by the delivery of stock certificates of the Targets, the Borrower or any of their material Domestic Subsidiaries; provided that any such stock certificates of Subsidiaries of the Targets will be required to be delivered on the Closing Date only to the extent received from the Sellers, so long as the Borrower has used commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Sellers to deliver them to the Borrower on the Closing Date) is not perfected on the Closing Date after the Borrower s use of commercially reasonable efforts to do so, the perfection of such security interest(s) will not constitute a condition precedent to the availability of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date but such security interest(s) will be required to be perfected within 60 days after the Closing Date. 
 Section 4.02. Each Credit Extension. After the Closing Date, the obligation of each Lender to make any Credit Extension (other than any Letter of Credit Reimbursement Loan) is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) Request for Credit Extension . (i) In the case of any Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 or (ii) in the case of the issuance of any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall have received a notice requesting the issuance of such Letter of Credit as required by Section 2.05(b) . 

(b) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of any such Credit Extension with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date of such Credit Extension; provided that to the extent that any representation and warranty specifically refers to an earlier date, it shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided , further , that representations and warranties 

132 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

that are qualified by material , material adverse effect or a similar term shall be true and correct in all respects. 

(c) No Default or Event of Default . At the time of and immediately after giving effect to the making of the applicable Credit Extension, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

Each Credit Extension after the Closing Date shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Section 4.02 ; provided , however , that the conditions set forth in this Section 4.02 shall not apply to any Credit Extension under any Incremental Facility Amendment, Refinancing Amendment or Extension Amendment unless in each case the lenders in respect thereof have required satisfaction of the same in the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment, Refinancing Amendment or Extension Amendment, as applicable. 
 ARTICLE 5 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

From the Closing Date until the date on which all Revolving Credit Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document (other than contingent indemnification and expense reimbursement obligations for which no claim or demand has been made) have been paid in full in immediately available funds and all Letters of Credit have expired or have been terminated (or have been collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit in an amount equal to 103.0 of the Stated Amount thereof or otherwise in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank) and all LC Disbursements have been reimbursed (such date, the Termination Date ), the Borrower hereby covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 
 Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Reports. The Borrower will deliver to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender: 

(a) Quarterly Financial Statements . As soon as available, and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year, the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the related consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current Fiscal Year to the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and setting forth, in reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year (to the extent applicable), all in reasonable detail, together with a Responsible Officer Certification (which may be included in the applicable Compliance Certificate) with respect thereto; 

(b) Annual Financial Statements . As soon as available, and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year ending after the Closing Date, (i) the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year and the related consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year and, commencing after the completion of the second full Fiscal Year ending after the Closing Date, setting forth, in reasonable detail, in comparative form the corresponding figures for the previous Fiscal Year and (ii) with respect to such consolidated financial statements, a report thereon of an independent certified public accountant of recognized national standing, which report shall not be subject to (x) a going concern qualification (except as resulting from (A) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness and/or (B) any breach or anticipated breach of any financial covenant) but may include a going concern explanatory paragraph or like statement or (y) a qualification as to the scope of the audit, and shall state that such consolidated financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position 

133 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the dates indicated and its income and cash flows for the periods indicated in conformity with GAAP; 

(c) Compliance Certificate . Together with each delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) , a duly executed and completed Compliance Certificate (i) certifying that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or if a Default or Event of Default is continuing, describing in reasonable detail such Default or Event of Default and the steps being taken to cure, remedy or waive the same), (ii) in the case of financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b) , setting forth reasonably detailed calculations of Excess Cash Flow of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for each Fiscal Year beginning with the financial statements for the Fiscal Year ended on or about December 31, 2020, (iii) containing information and calculations reasonably necessary for determining, on a consolidated basis, compliance by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries with the provisions of this Agreement referred to therein, to the extent then applicable, (iv) a description of any new Subsidiary and any change in the name or jurisdiction of organization of any Loan Party since the date of the most recent list delivered (or in the case of the first such list so delivered, since the Closing Date) and (v) listing any newly filed or acquired registrations of or applications for registrations of any material Patents, Trademarks or Copyrights constituting Collateral with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office by any Loan Party (other than any registration that issues with respect to an application that was identified on a list previously delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01(c)(v) or is then subject to an Intellectual Property Security Agreement (or supplement thereto)) since the date of the most recent list delivered (or in the case of the first such list so delivered, since the Closing Date); 

(d) Unrestricted Subsidiary Elimination . Together with each delivery of financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) , if applicable, an internally prepared management summary of pro forma adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such consolidated financial statements; 

(e) Notice of Material Events . Promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining knowledge thereof, written notice of the following: 

(i) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default 

(ii) the occurrence of any event that has resulted in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(iii) to the extent permissible by law, the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary or the receipt of a notice of an Environmental Liability that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(iv) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that would reasonably be expected to result in material liability to any Loan Party; and 

(v) the occurrence of any failure described in clauses (i) or (ii) of Section 7.01(b) . 

(f) Budget . As soon as available and in any event no later than 90 days after the beginning of each Fiscal Year commencing after the Closing Date, a consolidated budget of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries consisting of quarterly operating and capital budgets; 

(g) Information Regarding Collateral . Prompt written notice of any change (i) in any Loan Party s legal name, (ii) in any Loan Party s type of organization, (iii) in any Loan Party s jurisdiction 

134 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

of organization or (iv) in any Loan Party s organizational identification number, in each case to the extent such information is necessary to enable the Administrative Agent to perfect or maintain the perfection and priority of its security interest in the Collateral of the relevant Loan Party. 

(h) Narrative Report and Management Discussion and Analysis . Concurrently with each delivery of the financial statements described in Sections 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) , a customary narrative report and management s discussion and analysis describing the financial condition and results of operation for such Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year, as applicable, and, with regard to quarterly financial statements, the then-elapsed portion of the Fiscal Year, in each case, as compared to amounts for the previous Fiscal Year or corresponding periods of the previous Fiscal Year (in each case, to the extent applicable) and budgeted amounts. 

(i) Lender Calls . Within 10 Business Days after each delivery of the financial statements described in Sections 5.01(b) for any Fiscal Year, at the request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall hold a conference call (the reasonable costs of holding such call to be paid by the Borrower) with all Lenders who choose to attend such conference call, during which the Borrower shall review the financial results of such Fiscal Year, the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the budget for the current Fiscal Year delivered pursuant to clause (f) above. 

(j) Other Information . 

(i) Such other certificates, readily available reports and information (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time regarding the business, operations and financial condition of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and compliance with the terms hereof; provided , however , that neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose or provide any information (a) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective customers or suppliers, (b) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives) is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, (c) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (d) in respect of which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party (to the extent not created in contemplation of such Person s obligations under this Section 5.01(j) ). 

(ii) Promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any material notices (other than notices furnished in the ordinary course) furnished to any holder of any class or series of (x) any Junior Indebtedness, (y) any Junior Lien Indebtedness or (z) other debt securities of any Loan Party, in each case, so long as the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereunder is greater than the Threshold Amount and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Administrative Agent pursuant to any other clause of this Section 5.01. 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower (or a representative thereof) posts such documents (or provides a link thereto) at the website address listed on Schedule 9.01 ; (ii) on which such documents are delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent for posting on behalf of the Borrower on IntraLinks/SyndTrak or another relevant secure website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); (iii) on which such documents are faxed to the Administrative Agent (or electronically mailed to an address provided by the Administrative Agent); or (iv) on which such items have been made available on the SEC website or the website of the relevant analogous 
 135 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

governmental or private regulatory authority or securities exchange (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by way of EDGAR ). 
 The Borrower and each Lender acknowledge that certain of the Lenders may be Public Lenders and, if documents or notices required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 or otherwise are being distributed through IntraLinks/IntraAgency, SyndTrak Online or another relevant secure website or other secure electronic information platform (the Platform ), any document or notice that the Borrower has indicated contains Non-Public Information shall not be posted on that portion of the Platform designated for such Public Lenders. The Borrower agrees, upon the reasonable written request of the Administrative Agent, to clearly designate all information provided to the Administrative Agent by or on behalf of the Borrower which is suitable to make available to Public Lenders. If the Borrower has not indicated whether a document or notice delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 contains Non-Public Information, the Administrative Agent shall post such document or notice solely on that portion of the Platform designated for Lenders who wish to receive material Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and their securities; provided that any financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) and any Compliance Certificate shall be deemed suitable to make available to Public Lenders unless, with respect to any such document, the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that such document contains Non-Public Information; it being understood and agreed that from and after receipt of such notice, unless otherwise specified therein, such notice shall apply to all documents of the same type for all future periods. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in this Section 5.01 may instead be satisfied with respect to any financial statements, budgets and Responsible Officer Certifications of the Borrower by furnishing (A) the applicable financial statements of any Parent Company or (B) Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, of the Borrower or any Parent Company filed with the SEC or any securities exchange, in each case, within the time periods specified in such paragraphs and without any requirement to provide notice of such filing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender; provided that, with respect to each of clauses (A) and (B) , (i) to the extent (1) such financial statements relate to any Parent Company and (2) either (x) such Parent Company (or any other Parent Company that is a Subsidiary of such Parent Company) has any material third party Indebtedness and/or material operations (as determined by the Borrower in good faith and other than any operations that are attributable solely to such Parent Company s direct or indirect ownership of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) or (y) there are material differences between the financial statements of such Parent Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries, on the other hand, such financial statements or Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, shall be accompanied by unaudited consolidating information that summarizes in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such Parent Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis, on the other hand, which consolidating information shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as having been fairly presented in all material respects and (ii) to the extent such financial statements are in lieu of financial statements required to be provided under Section 5.01(b) , such financial statements shall be accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall satisfy the applicable requirements set forth in Section 5.01(b) as if the references to the Borrower therein were references to such Parent Company. 
 Section 5.02. Existence. Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.07 , the Borrower will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and all rights, franchises, licenses and permits material to its business except, other than with respect to the preservation of the existence of the Borrower, to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that neither the Borrower nor any 

136 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

of the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any such existence (other than with respect to the preservation of existence of the Borrower), right, franchise, license or permit if a Responsible Officer of such Person or such Person s board of directors (or similar governing body) determines that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of such Person, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to such Person or to the Lenders. The Borrower will cause each Broker-Dealer Subsidiary to maintain all Broker-Dealer Licenses and Memberships and Broker-Dealer Registrations. 

Section 5.03. Payment of Taxes. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, file all Tax returns and pay all Taxes imposed upon it or any of its properties or assets or in respect of any of its income or businesses or franchises before any penalty or fine accrues thereon; provided , however , that no such Tax need be paid if (a) it is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions, as are required in conformity with GAAP, have been made therefor or (b) failure to pay or discharge the same would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no such filing shall be required if the failure to make such filing would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.04. Maintenance of Properties. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain or cause to be maintained in good repair, working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted, all property reasonably necessary to the normal conduct of business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and from time to time will make or cause to be made all needed and appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements thereof except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or where the failure to maintain such properties or make such repairs, renewals or replacements could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.05. Insurance. The Borrower will maintain or cause to be maintained, with financially sound and reputable insurers, such material insurance coverage with respect to liabilities, losses or damage in respect of the assets, properties and businesses of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as may customarily be carried or maintained under similar circumstances by Persons of established reputation engaged in similar businesses in the same geographic regions, in each case in such amounts (giving effect to self-insurance), with such deductibles, covering such risks and otherwise on such terms and conditions as shall be customary for such Persons, including flood insurance with respect to each Flood Hazard Property, in each case in compliance with the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (where applicable). Each such policy of insurance (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, representation and warranties insurance policies) shall, as and when required under the terms hereof, to the extent available from the relevant insurance carrier, (i) in the case of liability insurance policies (other than employee benefits, D O and similar policies) name the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties as an additional insured thereunder as its interests may appear and (ii) in the case of casualty insurance policies (excluding business interruption and similar insurance policies), contain a loss payable clause or endorsement that names the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders as the loss payee thereunder and (iii) provide for at least 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of any modification or cancellation of such policy (or 10 days prior written notice in the case of the failure to pay any premiums thereunder). 

Section 5.06. Inspections. The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, permit any authorized representative designated by the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Borrower and any of the Restricted Subsidiaries at which the principal financial records and executive officers of the applicable Person are located, to inspect and copy its and their respective financial and accounting records, and to discuss its and their respective affairs, finances and accounts with its and their Responsible Officers and independent public accountants provided that representatives of the 

137 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Borrower (or any of its Subsidiaries) may, if the Borrower so chooses, be present at or participate in any such discussions), all upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times during normal business hours selected by the Borrower; provided that (a) only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 5.06 and (b) except as expressly set forth in the proviso below during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than two times during any calendar year (with only one such time at the Borrower s expense); provided , further , that when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice without limitation; provided , further , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of copies of or discuss any document, information, or other matter (A) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or any of its customers or suppliers, (B) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, (C) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (D) in respect of which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owes confidentiality obligations to any third party (to the extent not created in contemplation of such Person s obligations in this Section 5.06 ). 

Section 5.07. Maintenance of Book and Records. The Borrower will, and will cause the Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of record and account containing entries of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 

Section 5.08. Compliance with Laws. 

(a) The Borrower will comply, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to comply, with the requirements of all applicable Requirements of Law (including ERISA, Advisers Act and Environmental Laws but excluding OFAC (including laws related to Persons subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC), the USA PATRIOT Act and the FCPA), except to the extent the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will cause each Broker-Dealer Subsidiary to comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC, FINRA, CFTC and any other Governmental Authority applicable to it to it (including such rules and regulations dealing with net capital requirements) and, to the extent applicable to any Broker-Dealer Subsidiary (including its sales agents and registered personnel), except where the failure to so comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) The Borrower will comply, and will cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to comply, with the requirements of all applicable OFAC (including laws related to Persons subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC), know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the FCPA, in each case, in all material respects. 

Section 5.09. Designation of Subsidiaries. The Borrower may at any time after the Closing Date designate (or redesignate) any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) immediately before and after giving effect to such designation, no Default or Event of Default exists (including after giving effect to the reclassification of Investments in, Indebtedness of and Liens on the assets of, the applicable Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary), (ii) in the case of a designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period, would not exceed 

138 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

4.50:1.00, and (iii) after such designation, no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall own any Capital Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary or hold any Indebtedness of or any Lien on any property of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries that would not then be permitted to be incurred by the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, as applicable (it being expressly understood and agreed that any such Indebtedness or Lien shall be deemed to have been incurred or granted by the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, as applicable, on the date of such designation). The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary) therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the portion of the fair market value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary attributable to the Borrower s (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary s) equity interest therein as reasonably estimated by the Borrower (and such designation shall only be permitted to the extent such Investment is a Permitted Investment or is then permitted under Section 6.04(a) ). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the making, incurrence or granting, as applicable, at the time of designation of any then-existing Investment, Indebtedness or Lien of such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable; provided that upon any re-designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be deemed to continue to have an Investment in the resulting Restricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to (a) the Borrower s Investment in such Restricted Subsidiary at the time of such re-designation, minus (b) the portion of the fair market value of the net assets of such Restricted Subsidiary attributable to the Borrower s equity therein at the time of such re-designation. As of the Closing Date, the Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 5.09 have been designated as Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 

Section 5.10. Use of Proceeds. 

(a) The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Revolving Loans after the Closing Date, to finance the working capital needs and other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (including for capital expenditures, working capital or purchase price adjustments, the payment of transaction fees and expenses, acquisitions and other Investments, Restricted Payments and any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents). The Borrower shall use the proceeds of (i) the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date to finance all or a portion of the Transactions and (ii) any Additional Term Loans as provided in the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment or Refinancing Amendment. Letters of Credit may be issued (i) on the Closing Date in the ordinary course of business and to replace or provide credit support for any letters of credit, bank guarantees or surety, customs, performance or similar bonds of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or any of their Affiliate or to replace cash collateral posted by any of the foregoing Persons and (ii) after the Closing Date for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents. 

(b) The Borrower will not request any Borrowing, and the Borrower shall not use, shall cause the Restricted Subsidiaries not to use and shall cause the directors, officers, employees and agents of the foregoing to not knowingly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of the FCPA, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any person or entity that is subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any sanctions applicable to any party hereto (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Agent, Issuing Bank or otherwise). 

139 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Section 5.11. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security. 

(a) Upon (i) the formation or acquisition after the Closing Date of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary, (ii) the designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, (iii) any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary ceasing to be an Immaterial Subsidiary or (iv) any Restricted Subsidiary that was an Excluded Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary, on or before the date that is 60 days after the relevant formation, acquisition, designation or cessation occurred (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Borrower shall (A) cause such Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) to comply with the requirements set forth in clause (b) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and (B) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, cause the relevant Restricted Subsidiary to deliver to the Administrative Agent a customary opinion of counsel for such Restricted Subsidiary, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders; provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, no Subsidiary that is an Excluded Subsidiary shall be required to take any action described in this Section 5.11(a) . 

(b) Within 60 days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree provided that the Administrative Agent will use commercially reasonable efforts to confirm Lenders do not need additional time to complete independent due diligence with respect to any potential Material Real Estate Assets before entering into a new Mortgage)) (1) after the Closing Date, in the case of Material Real Estate Assets (other than any Excluded Asset) owned by Loan Parties on the Closing Date or (2) after the acquisition by any Loan Party of any Material Real Estate Asset (other than any Excluded Asset), in the case of such Material Real Estate Assets acquired after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall cause such Loan Party to comply with the requirements set forth in clause (c) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement with respect to the relevant Material Real Estate Asset; it being understood and agreed that, with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset owned by any Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary is required to become a Loan Party under Section 5.11(a) , such Material Real Estate Asset shall be deemed to have been acquired by such Restricted Subsidiary on the first day on which it becomes a Loan Party under Section 5.11(a) . 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, it is understood and agreed that: 

(i) the Administrative Agent may grant extensions of time for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining of title insurance, legal opinions, surveys or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Loan Guaranty by any Restricted Subsidiary (in connection with assets acquired, or Restricted Subsidiaries formed or acquired, after the Closing Date), and each Lender hereby consents to any such extension of time, 

(ii) any Lien required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth in the Collateral Documents, 

(iii) perfection by control shall not be required with respect to assets requiring perfection through control agreements or other control arrangements, including deposit accounts, securities accounts and commodities accounts (other than control of Capital Stock or Material Debt Instruments, in each case, to the extent included in the Collateral), 

140 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(iv) no Loan Party shall be required to seek any landlord waiver, bailee letter, estoppel, warehouseman waiver or other collateral access, lien waiver or similar letter or agreement; 

(v) no Loan Party will be required to (A) take any action outside the U.S. to grant or perfect any security interest in any asset located outside of the U.S., (B) execute any foreign law security agreement, pledge agreement, mortgage, deed or charge or (C) make any foreign intellectual property filing, conduct any foreign intellectual property search or prepare any foreign intellectual property schedule; 

(vi) in no event will the Collateral include any Excluded Asset, 

(vii) no action shall be required to perfect any Lien with respect to (A) any vehicle or other asset subject to a certificate of title, and any retention of title, extended retention of title rights, or similar rights, (B) Letter-of-Credit Rights, (C) the Capital Stock of any Immaterial Subsidiary or (D) the Capital Stock of any Person that is not a Subsidiary which, if a Subsidiary, would constitute an Immaterial Subsidiary, in each case except to the extent that a security interest therein is perfected by filing a Form UCC-1 financing statement (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be the only required perfection action), 

(viii) no Loan Party shall be required to perfect a security interest in any asset to the extent perfection of a security interest in such asset would be prohibited under any applicable Requirement of Law, 

(ix) any joinder or supplement to any Loan Guaranty, any Collateral Document or any other Loan Document executed by any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to become a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.11(a) may, with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), include such schedules (or updates to schedules) as may be necessary to qualify any representation or warranty with respect to such Restricted Subsidiary set forth in any Loan Document to the extent necessary to ensure that such representation or warranty is true and correct to the extent required thereby or by the terms of any other Loan Document, 

(x) the Administrative Agent shall not require the taking of a Lien on, or require the perfection of any Lien granted in, those assets as to which the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence (including any effect on the ability of the relevant Loan Party to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course of business) of obtaining or perfecting such Lien (including any mortgage, stamp, intangibles or other Tax or expenses relating to such Lien) outweighs the benefit to the Lenders of the security afforded thereby, as reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and 

(xi) no Subsidiary of the Borrower shall be required to provide any guarantee, pledge or asset support agreement that, in the reasonable judgment of the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent, would subject the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower to any adverse tax consequence as a result of the application of Section 956 of the Code. 

Section 5.12. Maintenance of Ratings. The Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain (i) a public corporate credit rating for the Borrower from Moody s and S P, (ii) a public corporate family rating for the Borrower from Moody s and S P and (iii) a public rating for the Credit Facilities from 

141 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

each of S P and Moody s; provided that, in each case of clauses (i) , (ii) and (iii) , in no event shall the Borrower be required to maintain any specific rating with any such agency. 

Section 5.13. Further Assurances. Promptly upon request of the Administrative Agent and subject to the limitations described in Section 5.11 : 

(a) The Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements, instruments, certificates, notices and acknowledgments and take all such further actions (including the filing and recordation of financing statements, fixture filings, Mortgages or amendments thereto and other documents, subject to the terms of the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and the limitations set forth in Section 5.11 ), that may be required under any applicable Requirements of Law and which the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to ensure the perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created under the Collateral Documents, all at the expense of the relevant Loan Parties. 

(b) The Borrower will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, (i) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts (including notices to third parties), deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to ensure the perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created under the Collateral Documents. 

ARTICLE 6 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

From the Closing Date and until the Termination Date, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 
 Section 6.01. Indebtedness. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) the Secured Obligations (including any Additional Term Loans and any Additional Revolving Loans); 

(b) Indebtedness of the Borrower to any Restricted Subsidiary or of any Restricted Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that in the case of any Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party owing to any Loan Party, solely to the extent the related Investment shall be a Permitted Investment or permitted under Section 6.04(a) ; and provided , further , that any Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party must be expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations; 

(c) [Reserved]; 

(d) Indebtedness arising from any agreement providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations (including earn-out obligations) incurred in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder, any acquisition permitted hereunder or consummated prior to the Closing Date or any other purchase of assets or Capital Stock, and Indebtedness arising from guaranties, letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments securing the performance of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any such agreement; 

142 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(e) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) pursuant to tenders, statutory obligations, bids, leases, governmental contracts, trade contracts, surety, stay, customs, appeal, performance or return of money bonds or other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments to support any of the foregoing items; 

(f) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Banking Services, including Banking Services Obligations and incentive, supplier finance or similar programs; 

(g) (i) guaranties by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the obligations of suppliers, customers and licensees in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services and (iii) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties or similar instruments supporting trade payables, warehouse receipts or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(h) Guarantees by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.01 ; provided that in the case of any Guarantee by any Loan Party of the obligations of any non-Loan Party, the related Investment is a Permitted Investment or is permitted under Section 6.04(a) ; 

(i) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary existing, or pursuant to commitments existing, on the Closing Date and, in the case of any such Indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of 1,000,000, described on Schedule 6.01(i) ; 

(j) Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties; provided that the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness shall not exceed (together with any Indebtedness of a non-Loan Party pursuant to Sections 6.01(q) and (w)(ii)) the greater of 145,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; 

(k) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of obligations owing under incentive, supply, license or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(l) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums, (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or (iii) obligations to reacquire assets or inventory in connection with customer financing arrangements in the ordinary course of business; 

(m) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to Capital Leases and purchase money Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of 75,000,000 and 18.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; 

(n) [Reserved]; 

(o) Indebtedness consisting of promissory notes issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any stockholder of any Parent Company or any current or former director, officer, employee, member of management, manager or consultant of any Parent Company, the Borrower or any 

143 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Subsidiary (or their respective Immediate Family Members) to finance the purchase or redemption of Capital Stock of any Parent Company permitted by Section 6.04(a) ; 

(p) the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may become and remain liable for any Indebtedness refinancing, refunding or replacing any Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a) , (i) , (j) , (m) , (q) , (r) , (u) , (w) , (y) , and (z) of this Section 6.01 (in any case, including any refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof, Refinancing Indebtedness and any subsequent Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof and such Refinancing Indebtedness shall be deemed permitted and outstanding under such clauses; provided that: 

(i) the principal amount of such Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except by (A) an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus underwriting discounts and other reasonable and customary fees, commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments) incurred in connection with the relevant refinancing, refunding or replacement, (B) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and (C) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.01 provided that (1) any additional Indebtedness referenced in this clause (C) satisfies the other applicable requirements of this Section 6.01(p) (with additional amounts incurred in reliance on this clause (C) constituting a utilization of the relevant basket or exception pursuant to which such additional amount is permitted) and (2) if such additional Indebtedness is secured, the Lien securing such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted under Section 6.02 ), 

(ii) other than in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to clauses (i) , (m) , (q)(i) , (q)(ii) or (u) , (A) such Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity equal to or later than (and, in the case of revolving Indebtedness, does not require mandatory commitment reductions, if any, prior to) the final maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced and (B) other than with respect to revolving Indebtedness, a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, 

(iii) the terms of any Refinancing Indebtedness with an original principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (excluding pricing, fees, premiums, rate floors, optional prepayment or redemption terms (and, if applicable, subordination terms) and, with respect to Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness permitted under clause (a) above, security), are not, taken as a whole (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), more favorable to the lenders providing such Refinancing Indebtedness than those applicable to the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced (other than (A) any covenants or any other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date as of such date, (B) any covenants or other provisions which constitute then-current market terms for the applicable type of Indebtedness or (C) any covenants or other provisions which are conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement effectuated in reliance on Section 9.02(d)(ii) ), 

(iv) [Reserved], 

(v) except in the case of Refinancing Credit Facilities Indebtedness, (A) the primary obligor in respect of the applicable Refinancing Indebtedness shall have been the primary obligor in respect of the relevant refinanced Indebtedness, (B) such Refinancing Indebtedness, if secured, is secured only by Permitted Liens at the time of such refinancing, refunding or 

144 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

replacement (it being understood that secured Indebtedness may be refinanced with unsecured Indebtedness), (C) such Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred by the obligor or obligors in respect of the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced, except to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 , (D) if the Indebtedness being refinanced, refunded or replaced was originally contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment (or the Liens securing such Refinancing Indebtedness were originally contractually subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations), such Refinancing Indebtedness is contractually subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment (or the Liens securing such Refinancing Indebtedness are subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations) on terms not materially less favorable (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), taken as a whole, to the Lenders than those applicable to the Indebtedness (or Liens, as applicable) being refinanced, refunded or replaced, taken as a whole and (E) as of the date of the incurrence of such Refinancing Indebtedness and after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default exists, and 

(vi) in the case of Refinancing Credit Facilities Indebtedness, (A) such Refinancing Indebtedness is pari passu or junior in right of payment and secured by the Collateral on a pari passu or junior basis with respect to the remaining Obligations hereunder or is unsecured; provided that any such Refinancing Indebtedness that is pari passu or junior with respect to the Collateral shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, (B) if such Refinancing Indebtedness is secured, it is not secured by any assets other than the Collateral, (C) if such Refinancing Indebtedness is Guaranteed, it shall not be Guaranteed by any Person that is not a Loan Party, and (D) such Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred under (and pursuant to) documentation other than this Agreement; provided that any such Refinancing Indebtedness consisting of term loans that are pari passu with the Term Loans hereunder in right of payment and secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with Term Loans may participate on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) in any voluntary or mandatory prepayment in respect of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans and 2021 Incremental Term Loans (and any Additional Term Loans then subject to ratable repayment requirements), in each case as the Borrower and the relevant lender may agree; 

(q) Indebtedness (i) assumed in connection with any acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder consummated after the Closing Date, or existing at the target of any such acquisition or Investment at the time it becomes a Subsidiary, provided that any such Indebtedness was not incurred by the target of such acquisition or other Investment in contemplation of such acquisition or other Investment, (ii) existing at the time an Unrestricted Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary if such Indebtedness was not incurred in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary or (iii) incurred in connection with any acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder and consummated after the Closing Date; provided that, in each case, (A) at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or at the time of the execution of the definitive agreement governing such acquisition or other Investment, as the case may be, on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period, the Total Leverage Ratio would not exceed 4.50:1.00, (B) such Indebtedness incurred in reliance on clause (iii) above by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (I) shall not exceed (together with any Indebtedness of a non-Loan Party pursuant to Sections 6.01(j) and (w)(ii)) the greater of 145,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, (II) shall not mature or require any scheduled amortization or scheduled payment of principal or require any mandatory redemption, repurchase, repayment or sinking fund obligation (other than payments as part of an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payment, customary offers to repurchase in connection with any change of control, Disposition or casualty event and customary acceleration rights after an event of default), in each case, prior to the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date, and (III) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity 

145 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

applicable to such Indebtedness shall not be shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the then-existing Term Loans, (C) at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or at the time of the execution of the definitive agreement governing such acquisition or other Investment, as the case may be, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (D) in the case of any such Indebtedness in the form of term loans that are pari passu with the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans with respect to security (other than any such Indebtedness that constitutes MFN Adjustment Excluded Indebtedness), the Effective Yield applicable thereto (as determined on the date of initial incurrence thereof) will not be more than 0.50 per annum higher than the Effective Yield in respect of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans (as determined on such date), as applicable, unless the Effective Yield with respect to the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, as applicable, is adjusted to be equal to such Effective Yield applicable to such Indebtedness, minus , 0.50 per annum; provided that solely with respect to 2021 Incremental Term Loans, this clause (D) shall only apply through and including the date that is 12 months after the Third Amendment Effective Date; 

(r) unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 100.0 of the amount of Net Proceeds received by the Borrower from (i) the issuance or sale of Qualified Capital Stock or (ii) any contribution to its common equity with the Net Proceeds from the issuance and sale by any Parent Company of its Qualified Capital Stock or a contribution to the common equity of any Parent Company, in each case, (A) other than any Net Proceeds received from (I) the Cure Amount or (II) the sale of Capital Stock to, or contributions from, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (B) to the extent the relevant Net Proceeds are Not Otherwise Applied; 

(s) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Derivative Transaction not entered into for speculative purposes; 

(t) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary representing (i) deferred compensation to current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, and consultants of any Parent Company, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) deferred compensation or other similar arrangements in connection with the Transactions, any Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment permitted hereby; 

(u) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the greater of 105,000,000 and 25.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; 

(v) [Reserved], 

(w) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as, immediately after giving effect thereto, (i) the Total Leverage Ratio (which for purposes of this clause (w) only shall be calculated without taking into account any portion of the Unrestricted Cash Amount attributable to the cash proceeds of such Indebtedness with respect to which such Total Leverage Ratio calculation is being made) is no greater than 4.50:1.00, (ii) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (w) by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties shall not exceed (together with any Indebtedness of a non-Loan Party pursuant to Sections 6.01(j) and (q) the greater of 145,000,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, (iii) such Indebtedness shall not have a final maturity or require any scheduled amortization or scheduled payment of principal or require any mandatory redemption, repurchase, repayment or sinking fund obligation (other than (A) payments as part of an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payment, (B) customary offers to repurchase in connection with any change of control, Disposition or casualty event and (C) customary acceleration rights 

146 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

after an event of default) on terms more favorable to the holders of such Indebtedness than those applicable to the Credit Facilities prior to 91 days following the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date as of the date of incurrence of such Indebtedness, (iv) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity applicable to any such Indebtedness consisting of term loans is no shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the then-existing Term Loans, (v) no Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) exists or would exist immediately after giving effect to such Indebtedness, (vi) in the case of any such Indebtedness in the form of term loans that are pari passu with the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans with respect to security (other than any such Indebtedness that constitutes MFN Adjustment Excluded Indebtedness), the Effective Yield applicable thereto (as determined on the date of initial incurrence thereof) will not be more than 0.50 per annum higher than the Effective Yield in respect of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans (as determined on such date), as applicable, unless the Effective Yield with respect to the Tranche B-2 Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans, as applicable, is adjusted to be equal to such Effective Yield applicable to such Indebtedness, minus , 0.50 per annum; provided that solely with respect to 2021 Incremental Term Loans, this clause (vi) shall only apply through and including the date that is 12 months after the Third Amendment Effective Date, (vii) such Indebtedness shall not be guaranteed by any Persons other than Loan Parties, (viii) such Indebtedness shall not be secured by any assets other than the Collateral and (ix) either (A) the other terms and conditions of such Indebtedness (excluding pricing, interest, fees, rate floors, premiums, optional prepayment or redemption terms, security and maturity, subject to clauses (i) through (viii) of this clause (w) are substantially identical to, or (taken as a whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) to the lenders providing such Indebtedness than those applicable to the Term Facility (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of such Indebtedness)) or (B) such Indebtedness is provided on then-current market terms (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) for the applicable type of Indebtedness; 

(x) Indebtedness to the extent (and so long as) supported by a letter of credit, in a principal amount not to exceed the face amount of such letter of credit; provided that, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness that is outstanding at any time in reliance on this clause (x) shall not exceed 13,000,000; 

(y) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted pursuant to Section 6.08 ; 

(z) Incremental Equivalent Debt; 

(aa) Indebtedness (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments with respect to such Indebtedness) incurred by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance (including premiums related thereto), other types of social security, pension obligations, vacation pay, health, disability or other employee benefits; 

(bb) [Reserved], 

(cc) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of any letter of credit or bank guarantee issued in favor of any Issuing Bank to support any Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit issued hereunder; 

(dd) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent that such Indebtedness is supported by any Letter of Credit; 

147 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(ee) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to the extent that the unfunded amounts would not otherwise cause an Event of Default under Section 7.01(i) ; 

(ff) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business; and 

(gg) without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest and payment in kind interest), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses and charges with respect to Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary permitted hereunder. 

Section 6.02. Liens. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any property or asset of any kind owned by it, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except: 

(a) Liens securing the Secured Obligations created pursuant to the Loan Documents; 

(b) Liens for Taxes (i) for amounts not yet overdue due and payable, (ii) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as any reserves or other appropriate provisions required by GAAP have been made for any such contested amounts or (iii) with respect to which the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(c) statutory Liens (and rights of set-off) of landlords, banks, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens imposed by applicable Requirements of Law, in each case (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than 60 days, (ii) for amounts that are overdue by more than 60 days and that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as any reserves or other appropriate provisions required by GAAP have been made for any such contested amounts or (iii) with respect to which the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(d) Liens incurred (i) in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security laws and regulations, (ii) in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money), (iii) pursuant to pledges and deposits of Cash or Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business securing (x) liabilities to insurance carriers providing property, casualty, liability or other insurance to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (y) leases or licenses of property otherwise permitted by this Agreement and (iv) to secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above; 

(e) Liens consisting of easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, servitudes for railways, sewers, drains, gas and oil and other pipelines, gas and water mains, electric light and power and telecommunication, telephone or telegraph or cable television conduits, poles, wires and cables and other minor defects or irregularities in title, in each case which do not, in the aggregate, materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the use of the affected property for its intended purpose; 

148 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(f) Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of a lessor or sub-lessor under any lease of real estate permitted hereunder, (ii) landlord lien permitted by the terms of any lease, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest or title of such lessor or sub-lessor may be subject or (iv) subordination of the interest of the lessee or sub-lessee under such lease to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii) ; 

(g) Liens (i) solely on any Cash earnest money deposits (including as part of any escrow arrangement) made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to any Investment permitted hereunder and (ii) consisting of (A) an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 6.07 or (B) the pledge of Cash as part of an escrow arrangement required in any Disposition permitted under Section 6.07 ; 

(h) precautionary or purported Liens evidenced by the filing of UCC financing statements or similar financing statements under applicable Requirements of Law relating solely to (i) operating leases or consignment or bailee arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business or (ii) the sale of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business for which a UCC financing statement or similar financing statement is required; 

(i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; 

(j) Liens in connection with any zoning, building or similar Requirement of Law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any dimensions of real property or the structure thereon, including Liens in connection with any condemnation or eminent domain proceeding or compulsory purchase order; 

(k) Liens securing Refinancing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(p) ; provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any asset not covered by the Lien securing the Indebtedness that is being refinanced and (ii) if the Indebtedness being refinanced was subject to intercreditor arrangements, then (A) any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof (other than Refinancing Credit Facilities Indebtedness) shall be subject to intercreditor arrangements that are not materially less favorable to the relevant Secured Parties, taken as a whole, than the intercreditor arrangements governing the Indebtedness that is refinanced or (B) the intercreditor arrangements governing the relevant Refinancing Indebtedness shall be set forth in an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; 

(l) Liens existing on the Closing Date and, in the case of any such Lien securing Indebtedness or other obligations with an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of 1,000,000, described on Schedule 6.02(l) and any modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension thereof; provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 and (B) proceeds and products thereof, replacements, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates) and (ii) any such modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, if constituting Indebtedness, is permitted by Section 6.01 ; 

(m) Liens arising out of Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted under Section 6.08 ; 

149 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(n) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(m) ; provided that any such Lien shall encumber only the asset acquired with the proceeds of such Indebtedness and proceeds and products thereof, replacements, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.01(m) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates); 

(o) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(q)(i) on the relevant acquired assets or on the Capital Stock or assets of the relevant Restricted Subsidiary; provided that such Lien (x) shall not extend to or cover any other assets (other than the proceeds or products thereof, accessions or additions thereto and improvements thereon) and (y) was not created in contemplation of the applicable acquisition of assets or Capital Stock; 

(p) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of setoff or netting relating to (A) the establishment of depositary relations with banks not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (B) pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (D) commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits, (iii) bankers Liens and rights and remedies as to Deposit Accounts, (iv) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 of the UCC on items in the ordinary course of business, (v) Liens in favor of banking or other financial institutions arising as a matter of law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institution s general terms and conditions and (vi) Liens on the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any transaction permitted hereunder, which proceeds have been deposited into an escrow account on customary terms to secure such Indebtedness pending the application of such proceeds to finance such transaction; 

(q) Liens on assets and Capital Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (including Capital Stock owned by such Persons) securing Indebtedness or other obligations of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 ; 

(r) Liens securing obligations (other than obligations representing Indebtedness for borrowed money) under operating, reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(s) (i) Liens on Cash, Cash Equivalents and securities (and proceeds thereof) of any Broker-Dealer Subsidiary that is subject to securities trades incurred in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Liens on assets of any Broker-Dealer Subsidiary securing broker-dealer financing incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(t) Liens on Collateral securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Sections 6.01(x) and (z) , subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; 

(u) other Liens on assets securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the greater of 105,000,000 and 25.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; provided that any such Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with or junior to the Lien securing the Secured Obligations shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement; 

150 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(v) (i) Liens on assets securing judgments, awards, attachments or decrees and notices of lis pendens and associated rights relating to litigation being contested in good faith not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.01(h) and (ii) any pledge or deposit securing any settlement of litigation; 

(w) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not secure any Indebtedness and which do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

(x) Liens on Securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Investments permitted under Section 6.04(a) arising out of such repurchase transaction; 

(y) Liens securing obligations in respect letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments permitted under Sections 6.01(d) , (e) , (g) , (aa) and (cc) ; 

(z) Liens arising (i) out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of any asset in the ordinary course of business and permitted by this Agreement or (ii) by operation of law under Article 2 of the UCC (or similar Requirement of Law under any jurisdiction); 

(aa) Liens (i) in favor of any Loan Party or (ii) granted by any non-Loan Party in favor of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) , securing intercompany Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 ; 

(bb) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; 

(cc) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and the proceeds thereof securing the relevant Person s obligations in respect of documentary letters of credit or banker s acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or goods; 

(dd) Liens securing (i) obligations under Hedge Agreements in connection with any Derivative Transaction of the type described in Section 6.01(s) or (ii) obligations of the type described in Section 6.01(f) ; 

(ee) (i) Liens on Capital Stock of joint ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiaries securing capital contributions to, or obligations of, such Persons and (ii) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries; 

(ff) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder; 

(gg) Liens consisting of the prior rights of consignees and their lenders under consignment arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(hh) Liens disclosed in any Mortgage Policy delivered pursuant to Section 5.11 with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset and any replacement, extension or renewal thereof; provided that no such replacement, extension or renewal Lien shall cover any property other than the property that was 

151 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

subject to such Lien prior to such replacement, extension or renewal (and additions thereto, improvements thereon and the proceeds thereof); and 

(ii) Liens on Collateral that are pari passu with or junior to the Liens securing the Secured Obligations, so long as (A) if such Liens are pari passu with the Liens securing the Secured Obligations, the First Lien Leverage Ratio would not exceed 2.65:1.00 calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period or (B) if such Liens are junior to the Liens securing the Secured Obligations, the Total Leverage Ratio would not exceed 4.50:1.00 calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period (it being understood and agreed that any such Liens shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement). 

Section 6.03. [Reserved]. 

Section 6.04. Restricted Payments; Restricted Debt Payments. 

(a) The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall not pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except: 

(i) Restricted Payments to the extent necessary to permit any Parent Company: 

(A) to pay general administrative costs and expenses (including corporate overhead, legal or similar expenses and customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of any Parent Company) and franchise fees and similar Taxes and similar fees and expenses required to maintain the organizational existence of such Parent Company, in each case, which are reasonable and customary and incurred in the ordinary course of business, plus any reasonable and customary indemnification claims made by directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees or consultants of any Parent Company, in each case, to the extent attributable to the ownership or operations of any Parent Company or its Subsidiaries (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such amount, if any, that is attributable to the ownership or operations of any Subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries); 

(B) for any taxable period for which the Borrower is a member of a consolidated, combined or similar income tax group for U.S. federal or applicable state or local income tax purposes of which a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower is the common parent (a Tax Group ), to pay the portion of any U.S. federal, state or local income Taxes of such Tax Group for such taxable period that are attributable to the income of the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries; provided that (1) the amount of such Restricted Payments for any taxable period shall not exceed the amount of such Taxes that the Borrower and/or such Subsidiaries, as applicable, would have paid had the Borrower and/or such Subsidiaries, as applicable, been a stand-alone taxpayer (or a stand-alone group), less any refunds received by the Borrower in respect of the Borrower Tax Refund Receivable, and (2) Restricted Payments in respect of any Taxes attributable to the income of an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be permitted only to the extent that such Unrestricted Subsidiary has made cash payments for such purpose to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(C) to pay audit and other accounting and reporting expenses of such Parent Company to the extent attributable to any Parent Company or its Subsidiaries (but 

152 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such expenses, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any Subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries); 

(D) for the payment of insurance premiums to the extent attributable to any Parent Company or its Subsidiaries (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such premiums, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any Subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries); 

(E) to pay (x) fees and expenses related to debt or equity offerings, Investments or acquisitions (whether or not consummated) and (y) Public Company Costs; 

(F) to finance any Permitted Investment or any other Investment otherwise permitted under this Section 6.04(a) provided that (x) any Restricted Payment under this clause (a)(i)(F) shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (y) the relevant Parent Company shall, promptly following the closing thereof, cause (I) all property acquired to be contributed to the Borrower or one or more of the Restricted Subsidiaries, or (II) the merger, consolidation or amalgamation of the Person formed or acquired into the Borrower or one or more of the Restricted Subsidiaries, in order to consummate such Investment as a Permitted Investment or in compliance with the applicable requirements of the applicable provisions of this Section 6.04(a) as if undertaken as a direct Investment by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary); and 

(G) to pay customary salary, bonus, severance and other benefits payable to current or former directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees or consultants of any Parent Company (or any Immediate Family Member of any of the foregoing) to the extent such salary, bonuses, severance and other benefits are attributable and reasonably allocated to the operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case, so long as such Parent Company applies the amount of any such Restricted Payment for such purpose; 

(ii) Restricted Payments (or making Restricted Payments to allow any Parent Company) to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Capital Stock of any Parent Company, the Borrower or any Subsidiary held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager or consultant (or any Affiliate or Immediate Family Member thereof) of any Parent Company, the Borrower or any Subsidiary: 

(A) in accordance with the terms of promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 6.01(o) , so long as the aggregate amount of all Cash payments made in respect of such promissory notes, together with the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made pursuant to sub-clause (D) of this clause (ii) , in any Fiscal Year does not exceed the greater of 55,000,000 (with unused amounts in any Fiscal Year being carried over to any subsequent Fiscal Year) and 13.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Fiscal Year; provided that such amount in any Fiscal Year shall be increased by an amount not to exceed the cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries (or by any Parent Company and contributed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) after the Closing Date and not previously utilized under this sub-clause (A) of this clause (ii) or sub-clauses (C) or (D) of this clause (ii) ; 

153 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(B) with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of the Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Parent Company (to the extent such proceeds are contributed in respect of Qualified Capital Stock to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary); 

(C) with the net proceeds of any key-man life insurance policies; or 

(D) with Cash and Cash Equivalents so long as the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made pursuant to this sub-clause (D) of this clause (ii) , together with the aggregate amount of all Cash payments made pursuant to sub-clause (A) of this clause (ii) in respect of promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 6.01(o) , in any Fiscal Year does not exceed the greater of 55,000,000 (with unused amounts in any Fiscal Year being carried over to any subsequent Fiscal Year) and 13.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Fiscal Year; provided that such amount in any Fiscal Year shall be increased by an amount not to exceed the cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries (or by any Parent Company and contributed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) after the Closing Date and not previously utilized under this sub-clause (D) of this clause (ii) or sub-clauses (A) or (C) of this clause (ii) ; 

(iii) additional Restricted Payments in an amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries elect to apply to this clause (iii) ; provided that (x) immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (y) in the case of any utilization of the Builder Basket, the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period, would not exceed 4.50:1.00; 

(iv) Restricted Payments (i) to any Parent Company to enable such Parent Company to make Cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock of such Parent Company and (ii) consisting of (A) payments made or expected to be made in respect of withholding or similar Taxes payable by any future, present or former officers, directors, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company or any of their respective Immediate Family Members (to the extent attributable to any transaction involving Capital Stock of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Company or attributable to the operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) or (B) repurchases of Capital Stock in consideration of the payments described in sub-clause (A) above, including demand repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options; 

(v) Restricted Payments to repurchase (or making Restricted Payments to any Parent Company to enable it to repurchase) Capital Stock upon the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock if such Capital Stock represents all or a portion of the exercise price of such warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock as part of a cashless exercise; 

(vi) [Reserved]; 

(vii) so long as, immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, making Restricted Payments (or making Restricted Payments to any Parent Company to enable it to make corresponding payments) with respect to 

154 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Capital Stock in an amount not to exceed the greater of (A) 6.0 per annum of the Net Proceeds received by or contributed to the Borrower from any Public Offering and (B) 5.0 per annum of market capitalization; 

(viii) Restricted Payments to (A) redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any (x) Capital Stock Treasury Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or (y) Capital Stock of any Parent Company, in the case of each of subclauses (x) and (y) , in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Parent Company to the extent any such proceeds are contributed to the capital of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Qualified Capital Stock Refunding Capital Stock and (B) declare and pay dividends on any Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of any Refunding Capital Stock; 

(ix) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, transactions permitted by Section 6.07 (other than Section 6.07(g) and Section 6.09 (other than Section 6.09(d) ); 

(x) to the extent that immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, additional Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 41,500,000 and 10.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, minus the amount of Restricted Debt Payments made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on Section 6.04(b)(iv) ; 

(xi) to the extent that immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, additional Restricted Payments so long as the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (xi) in any Fiscal Year does not exceed the greater of 25,000,000 (with unused amounts in any Fiscal Year being carried over to any subsequent Fiscal Year) and 6.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Fiscal Year; 

(xii) Restricted Subsidiaries may pay dividends and other distributions and Restricted Payments (other than Restricted Payments of the type described in clause (c) of the definition thereof) to their equity holders generally, so long as the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that owns the equity interest in the Restricted Subsidiary paying such dividends and other distributions and Restricted Payments (other than Restricted Payments of the type described in clause (c) of the definition thereof) receives at least its pro rata share thereof based on the respective ownership of such Restricted Subsidiary; 

(xiii) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, the Transactions; and 

(xiv) additional Restricted Payments so long as (A) immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (B) the First Lien Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period, would not exceed 2.15:1.00. 

(b) The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make any payment in Cash on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of principal of or interest on any Restricted Debt (including any by making any sinking fund or similar deposit), in each case, more than 30 days prior to the scheduled maturity date thereof (collectively, Restricted Debt Payments ), except: 

155 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(i) with respect to any purchase, defeasance, redemption, repurchase, repayment or other acquisition or retirement thereof made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 ; 

(ii) as part of an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payment; 

(iii) payments of regularly scheduled interest and payments of fees, expenses and indemnification obligations as and when due (other than payments with respect to Junior Indebtedness that are prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof); 

(iv) so long as, immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, additional Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 41,500,000 and 10.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, minus the amount of Restricted Payments made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on Section 6.04(a)(x) ; 

(v) Restricted Debt Payments made with proceeds of any issuance of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(vi) Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Available Amount on such date that the Borrower elects to apply to this clause (vi) ; provided that (x) immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (y) in the case of any utilization of the Builder Basket, the Total Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period, would not exceed 4.50:1.00; and 

(vii) additional Restricted Debt Payments; provided that (A) immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (B) the First Lien Leverage Ratio, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently ended Test Period, would not exceed 2.15:1.00. 

Section 6.05. Burdensome Agreements. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into or cause to exist any agreement restricting the ability of (x) any Restricted Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, (y) any Restricted Subsidiary to make cash loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Loan Party or (z) any Loan Party to create, permit or grant a Lien on any of its properties or assets to secure the Secured Obligations, except restrictions: 

(a) contained (i) herein or in any other Loan Document or (ii) in any document with respect to any Incremental Equivalent Debt, so long as, in the case of this subclause (ii) , such restrictions in the documentation evidencing such Indebtedness are no more restrictive, when taken as a whole, than those in effect prior to the relevant incurrence of such Indebtedness; 

(b) set forth in any agreement evidencing (i) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party permitted by Section 6.01 , (ii) Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01 that is secured by a Permitted Lien if the relevant restriction applies only to the Person obligated under such Indebtedness and the Restricted Subsidiaries or the assets intended to secure such Indebtedness and (iii) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to clauses (m) , (p) (as it relates to Indebtedness in respect of clauses (a) , (m) , (q) , (r) , (u) , (w) or (z) of Section 6.01 ), (q) , (r) , (u) , (w) or (z) of Section 6.01 , so long as, in the case of this subclause 

156 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(iii) , such restrictions in the documentation evidencing such Indebtedness are no more restrictive, when taken as a whole, than those in effect prior to the relevant incurrence of such Indebtedness; 

(c) arising under customary provisions contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, joint venture agreements and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(d) that are or were created by virtue of any Lien granted upon, transfer of, agreement to transfer or grant of, any option or right with respect to any assets or Capital Stock not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement; 

(e) that are assumed in connection with any acquisition of property or the Capital Stock of any Person, so long as the relevant encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the Person and its Subsidiaries (including the Capital Stock of the relevant Person or Persons) or property so acquired and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition; 

(f) set forth in any agreement for any Disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary (or all or substantially all of the assets thereof) that restricts the payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash loans or advances by such Restricted Subsidiary pending such Disposition; 

(g) set forth in provisions in agreements or instruments which prohibit the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions with respect to any class of Capital Stock of a Person other than on a pro rata basis; 

(h) imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company organizational governance documents, joint venture agreements and other similar agreements that prohibit or restrict the pledge or transfer of ownership interests in the relevant partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or similar Person; 

(i) on Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions imposed by any Person under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such Cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions exist; 

(j) set forth in documents which exist on the Closing Date and were not created in contemplation thereof; 

(k) arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred after the Closing Date if the relevant restrictions, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the Lenders than the restrictions contained in this Agreement, taken as a whole (as determined in good faith by the Borrower); 

(l) arising under or as a result of applicable Requirements of Law or the terms of any license, authorization, concession or permit provided by a Governmental Authority; 

(m) arising in any Hedge Agreement or any agreement relating to any Banking Services Obligation; 

(n) relating to any asset (or all of the assets) of or the Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary which is imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into in connection with any Disposition of such asset (or assets) or all or a portion of the Capital Stock of the relevant Person that is permitted or not restricted by this Agreement; 

157 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(o) set forth in any agreement relating to any Permitted Lien that limits the right of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to Dispose of or encumber the assets subject thereto so long as no such agreement prohibits any Loan Party from creating or granting a Lien on any of its properties or assets to secure the Secured Obligations; and 

(p) imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of any contract, instrument or obligation referred to in clauses (a) through (o) above; provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in existence prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. 

Section 6.06. [Reserved]. 

Section 6.07. Fundamental Changes; Disposition of Assets. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction of merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve themselves (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or make any Disposition of any assets having a fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) in excess of 13,000,000, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, except: 

(a) any Restricted Subsidiary may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into the Borrower, (A) the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (B) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation is not the Borrower (any such Person, the Successor Borrower ), (x) the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the law of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (y) the Successor Borrower shall (x) expressly assume all of the Secured Obligations of the Borrower under each of the Loan Documents pursuant to documents and in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and the Successor Borrower shall have provided customary certificates, board resolutions, customary legal opinions and other customary documents with respect to such assumption, if and to the extent reasonably requested by, and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), and (y) such Successor Borrower shall become a Borrower and the Company hereunder and (z) except as the Administrative Agent may otherwise agree, each other Borrower and each Loan Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, shall have executed and delivered a reaffirmation agreement with respect to its obligations under this Agreement, if applicable, the Loan Guaranty and the other Loan Documents; it being understood and agreed that if the foregoing conditions under clauses (x) through (z) are satisfied, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (ii) in the case of any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation with or into any Loan Guarantor or the Borrower (other than any such transaction involving the Borrower, which shall be subject to the terms of clause (i) above), either (x) a Loan Guarantor or the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or the continuing or surviving Person shall expressly assume the obligations of the relevant Loan Guarantor or Borrower in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (y) the relevant transaction shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 6.04 ; 

(b) Dispositions (including of Capital Stock) among the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise); provided that any such Disposition made by any Loan Party to any Person that is not a Loan Party shall be (i) for fair market value (as determined in good faith by such Person) with at least 75.0 of the consideration for such Disposition consisting of Cash or Cash 

158 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Equivalents at the time of such Disposition and no Event of Default shall then exist or immediately result therefrom or (ii) treated as an Investment and otherwise constitute a Permitted Investment (other than a Permitted Investment of the type described in clause (j) of the definition thereof) or be made in compliance with Section 6.04(a); 

(c) (i) the liquidation or dissolution of any Restricted Subsidiary if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary receives any assets of the relevant dissolved or liquidated Restricted Subsidiary; provided that in the case of any liquidation or dissolution of any Loan Party that results in a distribution of assets to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such distribution shall be treated as an Investment and shall either be a Permitted Investment (other than a Permitted Investment of the type described in clause (j) of the definition thereof) or be made in compliance with Section 6.04(a) ; (ii) any merger, amalgamation, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, the purpose of which is to effect (A) any Disposition otherwise permitted under this Section 6.07 (other than clause (a) , clause (b) or this clause (c) or (B) any Investment constituting a Permitted Investment or made in compliance with Section 6.04(a) ; and (iii) the conversion of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary into another form of entity, so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of the Loan Guaranty or Collateral; 

(d) (x) Dispositions of inventory, equipment, raw or scrap materials or immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business (including on an intercompany basis) and (y) the leasing or subleasing of real property in the ordinary course of business; 

(e) Dispositions of surplus, obsolete, used or worn out property, in the ordinary course of business, or other property that, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, is (A) no longer useful in its business (or in the business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) or (B) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain; 

(f) Dispositions of Cash or Cash Equivalents or other assets that were Cash Equivalents when the relevant original Investment was made; 

(g) (i) Dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations or conveyances that constitute Permitted Investments (other than a Permitted Investment of the type described in clause (j) of the definition thereof), Permitted Liens, Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.04(a) (other than Section 6.04(a)(ix) and (ii) Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted by Section 6.08 ; 

(h) Dispositions for fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower); provided that with respect to any such Disposition with a purchase price in excess of the greater of 33,000,000 and 8.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, at least 75.0 of the consideration for such Disposition shall consist of Cash or Cash Equivalents; provided that, for purposes of the 75.0 Cash consideration requirement, (w) the amount of any Indebtedness or other liabilities (other than Indebtedness or other liabilities that are subordinated to the Obligations or that are owed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (as shown on such Person s most recent balance sheet or statement of financial position (or in the notes thereto) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets and for which the Borrower or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary have been validly released by all relevant creditors in writing, (x) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any replacement assets acquired in connection with such Disposition, (y) any Securities received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by such Person into Cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the Cash or Cash Equivalents so received) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition and (z) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value (as 

159 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

determined in good faith by the Borrower), taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (z) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of 33,000,000 and 8.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, in each case, shall be deemed to be Cash); provided , further , that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date on which the agreement governing the relevant Disposition is executed; 

(i) to the extent that (i) the relevant property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; 

(j) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, buy/sell arrangements between joint venture or similar parties set forth in the relevant joint venture arrangements or similar binding arrangements; 

(k) Dispositions of notes receivable or accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business (including to insurers which have provided insurance as to the collection thereof and any discount or forgiveness thereof) or in connection with the collection or compromise thereof; 

(l) Dispositions or terminations of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source license), (i) the Disposition or termination of which will not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) which relate to closed facilities or the discontinuation of any product line; 

(m) (i) any termination of any lease in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any expiration of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property and (iii) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or litigation claims (including in tort) in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Dispositions of property subject to foreclosure, casualty, eminent domain or condemnation proceedings (including in lieu thereof or any similar proceeding); 

(o) Dispositions or consignments of equipment, inventory or other assets (including leasehold interests in real property) with respect to facilities that are temporarily not in use, held for sale or closed; 

(p) to the extent constituting Dispositions, the Transactions; 

(q) Dispositions of non-core assets and sales of Real Estate Assets, in each case acquired in any acquisition permitted hereunder which, within 90 days of the date of such acquisition, are designated in writing to the Administrative Agent as being held for sale and not for the continued operation of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses; provided that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date on which the definitive agreement governing the relevant Disposition is executed; 

(r) exchanges or swaps, including transactions covered by Section 1031 of the Code (or any comparable provision of any foreign jurisdiction), of assets so long as any such exchange or swap is made for fair value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) for like assets; provided that upon the consummation of any such exchange or swap by any Loan Party, to the extent the assets received do not 

160 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

constitute Excluded Assets, the Administrative Agent has a perfected Lien with the same priority as the Lien held on the assets so exchanged or swapped; 

(s) Dispositions of assets that do not constitute Collateral having an aggregate fair market value as determined in good faith by the Borrower of up to the greater of 29,000,000 and 7.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period; provided that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date on which the definitive agreement governing the relevant Disposition is executed; 

(t) (i) licensing, sublicensing and cross-licensing arrangements involving any technology, intellectual property or IP Rights of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and (ii) Dispositions, abandonments, cancellations or lapses of any technology, intellectual property or IP Rights, or issuances or registrations, or applications for issuances or registrations, of any intellectual property or IP Rights, which, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, are no longer material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or are no longer economical to maintain in light of their use; 

(u) terminations or unwinds of Derivative Transactions; 

(v) Dispositions of Capital Stock of, or sales of Indebtedness or other Securities of, Unrestricted Subsidiaries; 

(w) Dispositions of Real Estate Assets and related assets in the ordinary course of business in connection with relocation activities for directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers or consultants of any Parent Company, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(x) Dispositions made to comply with any order of any Governmental Authority or any applicable Requirement of Law; 

(y) any merger, consolidation, Disposition or conveyance the sole purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize (i) any Domestic Subsidiary in another jurisdiction in the U.S. or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction; 

(z) any sale of motor vehicles and information technology equipment purchased at the end of an operating lease and resold thereafter; 

(aa) other Dispositions in any Fiscal Year involving assets having an aggregate fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower at the time of the relevant Disposition) of not more than the greater of 41,500,000 and 10.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period in such Fiscal Year; and 

(bb) Dispositions contemplated on the Closing Date and described on Schedule 6.07(bb) . 

To the extent that any Collateral is Disposed of as permitted by this Section 6.07 to any Person other than a Loan Party, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, which Liens shall be automatically released upon the consummation of such Disposition; it being understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to take, and shall take, any actions it deems appropriate in order to effect the foregoing. 
 161 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Section 6.08. Sale and Lease-Back Transactions. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, become or remain liable as lessee under any lease of property (whether real, personal or mixed) that the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary (a) sold or otherwise transferred to the lessor under such lease (unless such lessor is a Company or a Restricted Subsidiary) and (b) intends to use for substantially the same purpose in connection with such lease (such a transaction, a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction ), except for any Sale and Lease-Back Transactions to the extent that the aggregate fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) of the assets sold subject to all Sale and Lease-Back Transactions under this clause (b) shall not exceed the greater of 41,500,000 and 10.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period. 

Section 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of any service) involving payment in excess of 5,000,000, in each case, with any of their respective Affiliates (excluding for this purpose each Investment Vehicle) on terms that are less favorable to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (as determined in good faith by the Borrower), than those that might be obtained at the time in a comparable arm s-length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to: 

(a) any transaction between or among the Borrower or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries (or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction) to the extent permitted by this Agreement; 

(b) any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of any Parent Company, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(c) (i) any collective bargaining, employment or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit sharing) arrangement entered into by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with their respective current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or those of any Parent Company, (ii) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Capital Stock pursuant to put/call rights or similar rights with current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors and (iii) transactions pursuant to any employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option plan or arrangement, any health, disability or similar insurance plan which covers current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or any employment contract or arrangement; 

(d) (i) transactions permitted by Sections 6.01(b) , (d) , (h) , (o) , (p) (solely in respect of Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Indebtedness permitted under clause (i) thereof) and (gg) (solely in respect of Indebtedness permitted by the other provisions of Section 6.01 referred to in this clause (d) ), 6.02 (solely to the extent such Liens relate to Indebtedness permitted by the provisions of Section 6.01 referred to in this clause (d) and clauses (h) , (m) , (o) , (v) , (y) , (z) and (aa) of the definition of Permitted Investments and (ii) issuances of Capital Stock not restricted by this Agreement; 

(e) transactions in existence on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 6.09(e) and any amendment, modification or extension thereof to the extent such amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not (i) materially adverse to the Lenders or (ii) more disadvantageous to the Lenders than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date; 

162 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(f) (i) the payment of management, monitoring, consulting, advisory and similar fees to any Investor in an aggregate amount in any Fiscal Year not to exceed 2.0 of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such Fiscal Year, which amount, if not used in any Fiscal Year, may be carried forward to any subsequent Fiscal Year; provided that no amount may be paid pursuant to this clause (i) if an Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) has occurred and is continuing (it being understood and agreed that during any such Events of Default, such fees shall continue to accrue and shall become payable upon the waiver or termination of the relevant Event of Default) and (ii) the payment of all indemnification obligations and expenses owed to any Investor and any of their respective directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees and consultants, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii) whether currently due or paid in respect of accruals from prior periods; the Transactions, including the payment of Transaction Costs; 

(g) customary compensation to Affiliates in connection with financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities and other transaction fees, which payments are approved by the majority of the members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) or a majority of the disinterested members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Borrower in good faith; 

(h) Guarantees permitted by Section 6.01(b) or that constitute Permitted Investments or Investments made in compliance with Section 6.04(a) ; 

(i) any transaction in respect of which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter addressed to the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Borrower from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of nationally recognized standing stating that such transaction is on terms that are no less favorable to the Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary than might be obtained at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate; 

(j) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not secure any Indebtedness and which do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

(k) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, members of the board of directors (or similar governing body), officers, employees, members of management, managers, consultants and independent contractors of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and, in the case of payments to such Person in such capacity on behalf of any Parent Company, to the extent attributable to the operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; 

(l) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of employees or other labor entered into in the ordinary course of business, which are fair to the Borrower or any applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the Borrower; 

(m) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to registration rights and customary indemnities provided to shareholders under any shareholder agreement; and 

(n) any purchase by the Borrower of the Capital Stock of (or contribution to the equity capital of) the Borrower. 

163 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Section 6.10. Lines of Business. From and after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, engage in any material line of business other than (a) the businesses engaged in by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary on the Closing Date and similar, incidental, complementary, ancillary or related businesses as determined in good faith by the Borrower and (b) such other lines of business to which the Administrative Agent may consent. 

Section 6.11. Amendments or Waivers of Organizational Documents. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, amend or modify their respective Organizational Documents, in each case in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (in their capacities as such) without obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that, for purposes of clarity, it is understood and agreed that the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may effect a change to its organizational form or consummate any other transaction that is permitted under Section 6.07 . 

Section 6.12. Amendments of or Waivers with Respect to Restricted Debt. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, amend or otherwise modify the terms of any Restricted Debt (or the documentation governing any Restricted Debt) (a) if the effect of such amendment or modification, together with all other amendments or modifications made, is materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (in their capacities as such), or (b) in violation of any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement or the subordination terms set forth in the definitive documentation governing any Restricted Debt; provided that, for purposes of clarity, it is understood and agreed that the foregoing limitation shall not otherwise prohibit any Refinancing Indebtedness or any other replacement, refinancing, amendment, supplement, modification, extension, renewal, restatement or refunding of any Restricted Debt, in each case, that is permitted under this Agreement in respect thereof. 

Section 6.13. Fiscal Year. The Borrower shall not change its Fiscal Year-end to a date other than December 31; provided that the Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change the Fiscal Year-end of the Borrower to another date, in which case the Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in Fiscal Year. 

Section 6.14. Financial Covenant. 

(a) First Lien Leverage Ratio . On each Compliance Date, the Borrower shall not permit the First Lien Leverage Ratio as of such Compliance Date to be greater than 3.80:1.00. 

(b) Financial Cure . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (including Article 7 ), in the event of the Borrower s failure to comply with Section 6.14(a) for any Fiscal Quarter, the Borrower shall have the right (the Cure Right (at any time during such Fiscal Quarter or thereafter until the date that is ten Business Days after the date on which financial statements for such Fiscal Quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable) to issue Qualified Capital Stock or other equity (such other equity to be on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) for Cash or otherwise receive Cash contributions in respect of its Qualified Capital Stock (the Cure Amount ), and thereupon the Borrower s compliance with Section 6.14(a) shall be recalculated giving effect to a pro forma increase in the amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA by an amount equal to the Cure Amount (notwithstanding the absence of a related addback in the definition of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA solely for the purpose of determining compliance with Section 6.14(a) as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter and for applicable subsequent periods that include such Fiscal Quarter. If, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculation (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account any immediate repayment of Indebtedness in connection therewith), the requirements of Section 6.14(a) would be satisfied, 

164 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

then the requirements of Section 6.14(a) shall be deemed satisfied as of the end of the relevant Fiscal Quarter with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable breach or default of Section 6.14(a) that had occurred (or would have occurred) shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) in each four consecutive Fiscal Quarter period there shall be at least two Fiscal Quarters in which the Cure Right is not exercised (it being expressly understood and agreed that the Cure Right may be exercised in consecutive Fiscal Quarters), (ii) during the term of this Agreement, the Cure Right shall not be exercised more than five times, (iii) the Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required for the purpose of complying with Section 6.14(a) , (iv) from the date of the Administrative Agent s receipt of a written notice from the Borrower that the Borrower intends to exercise the Cure Right (a Notice of Intent to Cure through the 10th Business Day following the date on which financial statements for the Fiscal Quarter to which such Notice of Intent to Cure relates are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable (such period, the Cure Period ), neither the Administrative Agent (nor any sub-agent therefor) nor any Lender shall have any right to accelerate the Loans or terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments, and none of the Administrative Agent (nor any sub-agent therefor) nor any Lender or Secured Party shall have any right to foreclose on or take possession of the Collateral or any other right or remedy under the Loan Documents that would be available on the basis of an Event of Default resulting from the failure to comply with Section 6.14(a) , (v) there shall be no pro forma or other reduction of the amount of Indebtedness by the amount of any Cure Amount for purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.14(a) for the Fiscal Quarter in respect of which the Cure Right was exercised (other than, with respect to any future period, to the extent of any portion of such Cure Amount that is actually applied to repay Indebtedness), (vi) during any Test Period in which any Cure Amount is included in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as a result of any exercise of the Cure Right, such Cure Amount shall be disregarded for purposes of determining whether any financial ratio-based condition to the availability of any carve-out set forth in Article 6 of this Agreement has been satisfied, (vii) if the Borrower has failed to comply with Section 6.14(a) , no Revolving Lender or Issuing Bank shall be required to make any Revolving Loan or issue any Letter of Credit hereunder during the Cure Period unless and until the Cure Amount is actually received and (viii) the proceeds of such Cure Amount shall be applied to (A) first , prepay any outstanding Revolving Loans (without a permanent reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments), (B) second , with respect to any LC Exposure, deposit Cash in a Cash collateral account established for the benefit of the relevant Issuing Bank in amount equal to 103.0 of the Stated Amount of any outstanding Letters of Credit as of such date minus the amount then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account), and any remaining Cure Amount after the application thereof pursuant to clauses (A) and (B) may be retained by the Borrower for any working capital and other general corporate purposes and any other use not prohibited by this Agreement. 

ARTICLE 7 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Section 7.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

(a) Failure To Make Payments When Due . Failure by the Borrower to pay (i) any installment of principal of any Loan when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by notice of voluntary prepayment, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise; or (ii) any interest on any Loan or any premium, any fee or any other amount due hereunder within three Business Days after the date due; or 

(b) Default in Other Agreements . (i) Failure by any Loan Party or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to pay when due any principal of or interest on or premium on or any other amount payable in respect of one or more items of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness referred to in clause (a) above) with an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, in each case beyond the grace 

165 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

period, if any, provided therefor; or (ii) breach or default by any Loan Party or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any other term of (A) one or more items of Indebtedness with an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount or (B) any loan agreement, mortgage, indenture or other agreement relating to such item(s) of Indebtedness (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Indebtedness consisting of Hedging Obligations, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement which are not the result of any default thereunder by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary), in each case beyond the grace period, if any, provided therefor, if the effect of such breach or default is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, such Indebtedness to become or be declared due and payable (or redeemable) prior to its stated maturity or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be; provided that clause (ii) of this paragraph (b) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary Disposition of, or a casualty or condemnation event in respect of, the property securing such Indebtedness if such Disposition or casualty or condemnation event is permitted hereunder; provided , further , that any failure described under clauses (i) or (ii) above is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness prior to any termination of all of the outstanding Commitments and acceleration of all of the outstanding Loans pursuant to this Article 7 ; or 

(c) Breach of Certain Covenants . Failure of any Loan Party, as required by the relevant provision, to perform or comply with any term or condition contained in Section 5.01(e)(i) provided that any Event of Default arising from the failure to timely deliver any notice of Default or Event of Default shall automatically be deemed to have been cured (and no longer continuing) immediately upon the earlier to occur of (x) the delivery of notice of the relevant Default or Event of Default and (y) the cessation of the existence of the underlying Default or Event of Default), Section 5.02 (as it applies to the preservation of the existence of the Borrower), Section 5.10 or Article 6 , which default has not been remedied or waived within five days after receipt by the Borrower of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent; provided that, notwithstanding this clause (c) , no breach or default by any Loan Party under Section 6.14(a) will constitute a Default or an Event of Default with respect to any Term Loans and the Term Lenders will not be entitled to exercise any remedies with respect to such breach or default unless and until the Required Revolving Lenders have accelerated the Revolving Loans and any Additional Revolving Loans, terminated the commitments under any Revolving Facility and demanded repayment of, or otherwise accelerated, the Indebtedness or other obligations under the Revolving Facility (and such demand or acceleration has not been rescinded prior to the commencement of the exercise of remedies by any Term Lender); it being understood and agreed that any breach of Section 6.14(a) is subject to the Cure Right, and, to the extent that the Borrower has the right to receive the Cure Amount in respect of such breach and has delivered a Notice of Intent to Cure, no Event of Default may arise as a result of a breach or default under Section 6.14(a) until the 10 th Business Day after the day on which financial statements are required to be delivered for the relevant Fiscal Quarter under Sections 5.01(a) or (b) , as applicable, and then only to the extent the Cure Amount has not been received on or prior to such 10 th Business Day; or 

(d) Breach of Representations, Etc . Any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made by any Loan Party in any Loan Document or in any certificate required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Perfection Certificate or any Perfection Certificate Supplement) being untrue or incorrect in any material respect (or untrue or incorrect in any respect with respect to any representation, warranty or certification that is already qualified by materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language) as of the date made or deemed made; or 

(e) Other Defaults Under Loan Documents . Default by any Loan Party in the performance of or compliance with any term contained herein or any of the other Loan Documents, other than any such term referred to in any other Section of this Article 7 , which default has not been remedied 

166 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

or waived within thirty days after receipt by the Borrower of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent; or 

(f) Involuntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, Etc . (i) The entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, which decree or order is not stayed; or any other similar relief shall be granted under any applicable federal, state or local Requirements of Law; or (ii) the commencement of an involuntary case against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) under any Debtor Relief Law, the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for the appointment of a receiver, receiver and manager, (preliminary) insolvency receiver, liquidator, sequestrator, trustee, custodian or other officer having similar powers over the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary), or over all or a substantial part of its property, or the involuntary appointment of an interim receiver, trustee or other custodian of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) for all or a substantial part of its property, which, in the case of each of (i) and (ii), remains undismissed, unvacated, unbounded or unstayed pending appeal for sixty consecutive days; or 

(g) Voluntary Bankruptcy; Appointment of Receiver, Etc . (i) The entry against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of an order for relief, the commencement by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a voluntary case under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case or to the conversion of an involuntary case to a voluntary case, under any Debtor Relief Law, or the consent by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, receiver and manager, trustee or other custodian for all or substantially all of its property; (ii) the making by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (iii) the admission by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) in writing of their inability to pay their respective debts as such debts become due; or 

(h) Judgments and Attachments . The entry or filing of one or more final money judgments, writs or warrants of attachment or similar process against any Loan Party or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets involving in the aggregate at any time an amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (in either case to the extent not adequately covered by self-insurance (if applicable) or by insurance as to which the relevant third party insurance company has been notified and not denied coverage), which judgment, writ, warrant or similar process remains unpaid, undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed pending appeal for a period of sixty days from the entry or filing thereof; or 

(i) Employee Benefit Plans . The occurrence of one or more ERISA Events or Foreign Benefit Events, which individually or in the aggregate result in liability of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(j) Change of Control . The occurrence of a Change of Control; or 

(k) Guaranties, Collateral Documents and Other Loan Documents . At any time after the execution and delivery thereof (in each case subject to the Legal Reservations), (i) any material Loan Guaranty for any reason, other than the occurrence of the Termination Date, shall cease to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with its terms or in accordance with the terms hereof) or shall be declared to be null and void or any Loan Guarantor shall repudiate in writing its obligations thereunder 

167 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(other than as a result of the discharge of such Loan Guarantor in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof), (ii) this Agreement, any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement or any material Collateral Document ceases to be in full force and effect or shall be declared null and void or any Lien on Collateral created under any Collateral Document ceases to be perfected with respect to a material portion of the Collateral (other than by reason of (x) any affirmative action of the Administrative Agent, the failure of the Administrative Agent to maintain possession of any Collateral actually delivered to it or the failure of the Administrative Agent to file UCC continuation statements, (y) a release of Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or (z) the occurrence of the Termination Date or any other termination of such Collateral Document in accordance with the terms thereof), (iii) other than in any bona fide, good faith dispute as to the scope of Collateral or whether any Lien has been, or is required to be released, any Loan Party shall contest in writing, the validity or enforceability of any material provision of this Agreement, any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement or any material Collateral Document (or any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral Documents or any Loan Guaranty) or deny in writing that it has any further liability (other than by reason of the occurrence of the Termination Date), including with respect to future advances by the Lenders, under this Agreement, any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement or any material Collateral Document to which it is a party (it being understood and agreed that the failure of the Administrative Agent to maintain possession of any Collateral actually delivered to it or file any UCC continuation statement shall not result in an Event of Default under this clause (k) or any other provision of any Loan Document) or (iv) the Obligations shall cease to constitute senior indebtedness under the subordination provisions of any documents or instruments evidencing any permitted Junior Indebtedness in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount or such subordination provision shall be invalidated or otherwise cease, for any reason, to be valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the parties thereto, or any Loan Party shall contest in writing, the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any such subordination provision; 

then, (1) and in every such event (other than any breach or default under Section 6.14(a) as described in clause (c) of this Section 7.01 that does not then constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Term Loans in accordance with clause (c) of this Section 7.01 or an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (f) or (g) of this Section 7.01 ), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the written request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take any of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments, and thereupon such Revolving Credit Commitments shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and (iii) require that the Borrower deposit in the LC Collateral Account an additional amount in Cash as reasonably requested by the Issuing Banks (not to exceed 103.0 of the relevant Stated Amount) of the then outstanding LC Exposure minus the amount then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account); provided that upon the occurrence of an event with respect to the Borrower described in clauses (f) or (g) of this Section 7.01 , any such Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash collateralize the outstanding Letters of Credit as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further action of the Administrative Agent or any Lender and (2) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 7.01 resulting from a breach or default under Section 6.14(a) , at the written request of the Required Revolving Lenders the 
 168 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, take any of the following actions, at the same or different times: (x) terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments, and thereupon such Revolving Credit Commitment shall terminate immediately, (y) declare the Revolving Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Revolving Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower to the Revolving Lenders accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and (z) require that the Borrower deposit in the LC Collateral Account an additional amount in Cash as reasonably requested by the Issuing Banks (not to exceed 103.0 of the relevant Stated Amount) of the then outstanding LC Exposure minus the amount then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account). Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default resulting from a breach or default under Section 6.14(a) that does not then constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Term Loans in accordance with clause (c) of this Section 7.01 ), the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 7.01 resulting from a breach or default under Section 6.14(a) that does not then constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Term Loans in accordance with clause (c) of this Section 7.01 , at the written request of the Required Revolving Lenders the Administrative Agent shall exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC provided that any such exercise shall be solely for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders until such time as an Event of Default with respect to the Term Loans has occurred and is continuing). 
 ARTICLE 8 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

Section 8.01. General Agency Provisions. 

Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints Barclays (or any successor appointed pursuant hereto) to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except as expressly set forth in this Article 8 with respect to consultation rights in connection with the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent), and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. 
 Any Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, unless the context otherwise requires or unless such Person is in fact not a Lender or an Issuing Bank, include each Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that 
 169 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

the Administrative Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default exists, and the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Requirements of Law; it being understood that such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary power, except discretionary rights and powers that are expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents and which the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the relevant circumstances as provided in Section 9.02 ); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Requirements of Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as is necessary, or as the Administrative Agent believes in good faith shall be necessary, under the relevant circumstances as provided in Section 9.02 or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by the final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or any Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any covenant, agreement or other term or condition set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien on the Collateral or the existence, value or sufficiency of the Collateral, (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 4 or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, (vii) any property, book or record of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof or (viii) the compliance or non-compliance by Affiliated Lenders with the terms hereof related to Affiliated Lenders. 
 If any Lender obtains knowledge of a Default or Event of Default, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders thereof in writing. Each Lender agrees that, except 
 170 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, it will not take any enforcement action hereunder or under any other Loan Document, accelerate the Obligations under any Loan Document, or exercise any right that it might otherwise have under applicable Requirements of Law or otherwise to credit bid at any foreclosure sale, UCC sale, any sale under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code or any other similar Disposition of Collateral. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Lender may take action to preserve or enforce its rights against a Loan Party where a deadline or limitation period is applicable that would, absent such action, bar enforcement of the Obligations held by such Lender, including the filing of a proof of claim in a case under the Bankruptcy Code. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents, the Borrower (on behalf of itself and the Restricted Subsidiaries), the Administrative Agent and each Secured Party agree that (i) no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Loan Guaranty; it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms hereof, and all powers, rights and remedies under the other Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent, and (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Administrative Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or in the event of any other Disposition (including pursuant to Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code), (A) the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of the Secured Parties, shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such sale, to use and apply all or any portion of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Administrative Agent at such Disposition and (B) the Administrative Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of all or any portion of such Collateral at any such Disposition. 
 No holder of any Secured Hedging Obligation or Banking Services Obligation in its respective capacity as such shall have any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under this Agreement. 
 Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorizes (and by entering into a Hedge Agreement with respect to any Secured Hedging Obligation or by entering into documentation in connection with any Banking Services Obligation, each of the other Secured Parties hereby authorizes and shall be deemed to authorize) the Administrative Agent, on behalf of all Secured Parties to take any of the following actions upon the instruction of the Required Lenders: 
 (a) consent to the Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral free and clear of the Liens securing the Secured Obligations in connection with any Disposition pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including Section 363 thereof; 

(b) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion of the Collateral (in each case, either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Section 363 thereof; 

(c) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion of the Collateral (in each case, either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any Disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral pursuant to the applicable provisions of the UCC, including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the UCC; 

171 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(d) credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or purchase all or any portion of the Collateral (in each case, either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles), in connection with any foreclosure or other Disposition conducted in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law following the occurrence of an Event of Default, including by power of sale, judicial action or otherwise; or 

(e) estimate the amount of any contingent or unliquidated Secured Obligations of such Lender or other Secured Party; 

it being understood that no Lender shall be required to fund any amount in connection with any purchase of all or any portion of the Collateral by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the foregoing clauses (b) , (c) or (d) without its prior written consent. 
 Each Secured Party agrees that the Administrative Agent is under no obligation to credit bid any part of the Secured Obligations or to purchase or retain or acquire any portion of the Collateral; provided that, in connection with any credit bid or purchase described under clauses (b) , (c) or (d) of the preceding paragraph, the Secured Obligations owed to all of the Secured Parties (other than with respect to contingent or unliquidated liabilities as set forth in the next succeeding paragraph) may be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent on a ratable basis. 
 With respect to any contingent or unliquidated claim that is a Secured Obligation, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, but is not required, to estimate the amount thereof for purposes of any credit bid or purchase described in the second preceding paragraph. In the event that the Administrative Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, elects not to estimate any such contingent or unliquidated claim or any such claim cannot be estimated without unduly delaying the ability of the Administrative Agent to consummate any credit bid or purchase in accordance with the second preceding paragraph, then any contingent or unliquidated claims not so estimated shall be disregarded, shall not be credit bid, and shall not be entitled to any interest in the portion or the entirety of the Collateral purchased by means of such credit bid. 
 Each Secured Party whose Secured Obligations are credit bid under clauses (b) , (c) or (d) of the third preceding paragraph is entitled to receive interests in the Collateral or any other asset acquired in connection with such credit bid (or in the Capital Stock of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such acquisition) on a ratable basis in accordance with the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the amount of the Secured Obligations of such Secured Party that were credit bid in such credit bid or other Disposition, by (y) the aggregate amount of all Secured Obligations that were credit bid in such credit bid or other Disposition. 
 In addition, in case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, each Secured Party agrees that the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or LC Disbursement is then due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent has made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans or LC Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the 

172 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts to the extent due to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 and 9.03 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same. 

Any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent consents to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amount due to the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.12 and 9.03 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) that it believes to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the applicable Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent has received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers under any Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving ten days written notice to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower. If the Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender (by reason of its insolvency) or an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender (by reason of such Defaulting Lender s insolvency), 
 173 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

either the Required Lenders or the Borrower may, upon ten days notice, remove the Administrative Agent. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation or delivery of any such notice of removal, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), to appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a commercial bank or trust company with offices in the U.S. having combined capital and surplus in excess of 1,000,000,000; provided that during the existence and continuation of an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a) , Section 7.01(f) or Section 7.01(g) , no consent of the Borrower shall be required. If no successor has been appointed as provided above and accepted such appointment within ten days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation or the Administrative Agent receives notice of removal, then (a) in the case of a retirement, the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the consent of the Borrower, if applicable) or (b) in the case of a removal, the Borrower may, after consulting with the Required Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that (x) in the case of a retirement, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment or (y) in the case of a removal, the Borrower notifies the Required Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then, in each case, such resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent in its capacity as collateral agent for the Secured Parties for purposes of maintaining the perfection of the Lien on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations required to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each Issuing Bank directly (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank will cooperate with the Borrower to enable the Borrower to take such actions), until such time as the Required Lenders or the Borrower, as applicable, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, as provided above in this Article 8 . Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder as a successor Administrative Agent, the successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (other than its obligations under Section 9.13 hereof). The fees payable by the Borrower to any successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor Administrative Agent; for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall have no obligation to pay any fee to any successor Administrative Agent that is greater than or in addition to the fees payable to the Administrative Agent on the Closing Date. After the Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the relevant Person was acting as Administrative Agent (including for this purpose holding any collateral security following the retirement or removal of the Administrative Agent). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Disqualified Institution (nor any Affiliate thereof) may be appointed as a successor Administrative Agent. 
 Any resignation by Barclays as Administrative Agent pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph of this Section 8.01 shall also constitute its resignation as an Issuing Bank, unless it remains a Lender; provided that, if Barclays does not remain a Lender (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of Barclays as retiring Issuing Bank and (ii) 
 174 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Barclays shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents as an Issuing Bank except with respect to Letters of Credit previously issued by it. 
 Each Lender and each Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by the Administrative Agent herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender or any Issuing Bank with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, none of the Lead Arrangers or the Syndication Agent shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement, except in their respective capacities as the Administrative Agent, an Issuing Bank or a Lender hereunder, as applicable. 
 Each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent shall: 
 (f) release any Lien on any property granted to or held by Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the occurrence of the Termination Date, (ii) that is sold or to be sold or transferred as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted under the Loan Documents to a Person that is not a Loan Party, (iii) that does not constitute (or ceases to constitute) Collateral as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents, (iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Loan Guarantor, upon the release of such Loan Guarantor from its Loan Guaranty otherwise in accordance with the Loan Documents, (v) as required under clause (d) below or (vi) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 9.02 ; 

(g) subject to Section 9.21 , release any Loan Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary), in each case, as a result of a single transaction or series of related transactions permitted hereunder; 

(h) subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Sections 6.02(d) , 6.02(e) , 6.02(g) , 6.02(l) , 6.02(m) , 6.02(n) , 6.02(o) , 6.02(q) , 6.02(r) , 6.02(x) , 6.02(y) , 6.02(z)(i) , 6.02(bb) , 6.02(cc) , 6.02(dd) , 6.02(ee) , 6.02(ff) , 6.02(gg) and 6.02(hh) (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any thereof to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted to be secured under Section 6.02(k)) ; and 

(i) enter into subordination, intercreditor or similar agreements with respect to Indebtedness that is (i) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder or (ii) secured by Liens, and with respect to which Indebtedness, this Agreement contemplates an intercreditor, subordination, collateral trust agreement or similar agreement. 

175 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Upon the request of the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty or its Lien on any Collateral pursuant to this Article 8 . In each case as specified in this Article 8 , the Administrative Agent will (and each Lender, and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to), at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents or to subordinate its interest therein, or to release such Loan Party from its obligations under the Loan Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Article 8 . In connection with any such release or subordination of the Liens, the Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer to the Administrative Agent requesting such release and/or subordination and certifying that such release and/or subordination, and any Liens incurred in connection therewith, and the Administrative Agent may rely exclusively upon such certificate as to whether such release and/or subordination and any such other Liens are permitted. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 The Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into any intercreditor, subordination, collateral trust or similar agreement (including any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) contemplated hereby with respect to any Indebtedness (a) that is (i) required or permitted to be subordinated hereunder or (ii) secured by Liens and (b) which contemplates an intercreditor, subordination or collateral trust agreement (any such other intercreditor, subordination, collateral trust or similar agreement, an Additional Agreement ), and the Secured Parties party hereto acknowledge that any Additional Agreement is binding upon them. Each Secured Party party hereto hereby (a) agrees that they will be bound by, and will not take any action contrary to, the provisions of any Additional Agreement and (b) authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent to enter into each Additional Agreement and to subject the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations to the provisions thereof. The foregoing provisions are intended as an inducement to the Secured Parties to extend credit to the Borrower, and the Secured Parties are intended third-party beneficiaries of such provisions and the provisions of each Additional Agreement. 
 The Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into the Escrow Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby in connection therewith, and each Secured Party authorizes (and ratifies) the Administrative Agent s actions to perform its obligations and exercise its rights thereunder, including with respect to the Escrow Account, in connection therewith. 
 To the extent that the Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof) is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Borrower, the Lenders will reimburse and indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any Affiliate thereof) in proportion to their respective Applicable Percentages (determined as if there were no Defaulting Lenders) for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, costs, expenses or disbursements of whatsoever kind or nature which may be imposed on, asserted against or incurred by the Administrative Agent (or any Affiliate thereof) in performing its duties hereunder or under any other Loan Document or in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent s (or such Affiliate s) gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision). 
 176 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Section 8.02. Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Agents, the lead arrangers with respect to any Additional Term Loans or Additional Revolving Credit Commitments and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitment, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitment and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitment and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitment and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a) , such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Agents, the lead arrangers with respect to any Additional Term Loans or Additional Revolving Credit Commitments and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Agents, the lead arrangers with respect to any Additional Term Loans or Additional Revolving Credit Commitments or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary 

177 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letter of Credits, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

The Agents, the lead arrangers with respect to any Additional Term Loans or Additional Revolving Credit Commitments and their respective Affiliates each hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitment and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitment for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitment by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 ARTICLE 9 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.01. Notices. 

(a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or email, as follows: 

(i) if to any Loan Party, to such Loan Party in the care of the Borrower at: 

Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. 4900 Tiedeman Road 4th Floor 
 Brooklyn, OH 44144 
 Attention: Michael D. Policarpo Email: mpolicarpo@vcm.com 
 Telephone: (216) 898-2552 Facsimile: (216) 898-2585 
 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, at: 

178 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Barclays Bank PLC 
 Barclays Debt Management 
 745 Seventh Avenue 
 New York, New York 10019 
 Attention: Peter Oberrender 
 Email: peter.oberrender@barclays.com and ltmny@barclays.com 
 Telephone: (212) 526-6687 
 
 With a copy (which shall not constitute notice), at: 
 Paul Hastings LLP 
 200 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10166 
 Attention: John H. Cobb 
 Email:	johncobb@paulhastings.com 
 Telephone: (212) 318-6959 
 Facsimile: (212) 230-5169 
 (iii) if to the Administrative Agent with respect to Borrowings/Continuations, at: 

Barclays Bank PLC 
 		Barclays Debt Management 
 400 Jefferson Park 
 Whippany, New Jersey 07981 
 Attention: Kevin Leamy 
 Email: Kevin.leamy@barclays.com, with a copy to 12145455230@tls.ldsprod.com 
 (iv) if to Barclays, as Issuing Bank, at: 

179 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Barclays Bank PLC 
 		745 Seventh Avenue 
 New York, New York 10019 
 Attention: Nnamdi Otudoh and Letter of Credit Department 
 Email: nnamdi.otudoh@barclays.com and XraLetterofCredit@barclays.com 
 Telephone: (212) 526-8527 
 Facsimile: (212) 412-5011 
 
 (v) if to any Lender, to it at its address or facsimile number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire; or 

(vi) if to any Issuing Bank, to it at its address or facsimile number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire or such address as may be specified in the documentation pursuant to which such Issuing Bank is appointed in its capacity as such. 

All such notices and other communications (A) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by courier service and signed for against receipt thereof or three Business Days after dispatch if sent by certified or registered mail, in each case, delivered, sent or mailed (properly addressed) to the relevant party as provided in this Section 9.01 or in accordance with the latest unrevoked direction from such party given in accordance with this Section 9.01 or (B) sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent and when receipt has been confirmed by telephone; provided that notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, such notices or other communications shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in clause (b) below shall be effective as provided in such clause (b) . 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications (including e-mail and Internet or Intranet websites) pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower (on behalf of itself and/or any other Loan Party) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures set forth herein or otherwise approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. All such notices and other communications (i) sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) and (ii) posted to an Internet or Intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (b)(i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that any such notice or communication described in clause (i) or (ii) not given during the normal business hours of the recipient shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. 

180 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(c) Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number or other notice information hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto; it being understood and agreed that the Borrower may provide any such notice to the Administrative Agent as recipient on behalf of itself, each Issuing Bank and each Lender. 

(d) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on the Platform. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the list of Disqualified Institutions shall be deemed suitable for posting and may be posted by the Administrative Agent on the Platform, including the portion of the Platform that is designated for public side Lenders. The Platform is provided as is and as available. None of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties warrants the adequacy of the Platform and each of them expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties have any liability to the Borrower or the other Loan Parties, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s, any other Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through the Platform. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section 9.01 , including through the Platform. 

Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments. 

(a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any party hereto therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same is permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.02 , and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, neither the making of any Loan nor the issuance of any Letter of Credit shall be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. 

(b) Subject to clauses (A) through (F) of this Section 9.02(b) and Sections 9.02(c) and (d) below, neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified, except (i) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document (other than any waiver, amendment or modification to effectuate any modification thereto expressly contemplated by the terms of such other Loan Document), pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by 

181 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

the Administrative Agent (with the consent of the Required Lenders) and each Loan Party that is party thereto; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing: 

(A) the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (but not the consent of the Required Lenders) shall be required for any waiver, amendment or modification that: 

(1) increases the Commitment of such Lender (other than with respect to any Incremental Facility pursuant to Section 2.22 in respect of which such Lender has agreed to be an Additional Lender); it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall constitute an increase of any Commitment of such Lender; 

(2) reduces or forgives the principal amount of any Loan owed to such Lender or any amount due to such Lender on any Term Loan Installment Date or 2021 Incremental Term Loan Installment Date; 

(3) (x) extends the scheduled final maturity of any Loan or (y) postpones any Term Loan Installment Date or 2021 Incremental Term Loan Installment Date or any Interest Payment Date with respect to any Loan held by such Lender or the date of any scheduled payment of any fee or premium payable to such Lender hereunder; 

(4) reduces the rate of interest (other than to (x) waive any Default or Event of Default or obligation of the Borrower to pay interest to such Lender at the default rate of interest under Section 2.13(c) or (y) extend the time for delivery of financials and/or any Compliance Certificate under Section 5.01 , which, in each case, shall only require the consent of the Required Lenders) or the amount of any fee or premium owed to such Lender; 

(5) extends the expiry date of such Lender s Commitment; it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of any Commitment shall constitute an extension of any Commitment of any Lender; and 

(6) waives, amends or modifies the provisions of Sections 2.18(a) , 2.18(b) or 2.18(c) of this Agreement in a manner that would by its terms alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby (except in connection with any transaction permitted under Sections 2.22 , 2.23 , 9.02(c) or 9.05(g) or as otherwise provided in this Agreement); 

(B) no such agreement shall: 

(1) change (x) any of the provisions of Section 9.02(a) or Section 9.02(b) or the definition of Required Lenders to reduce any voting percentage required to waive, amend or modify any right thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the prior written consent 

182 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

of each Lender or (y) the definition of Required Revolving Lenders without the prior written consent of each Revolving Lender (it being understood that neither the consent of the Required Lenders nor the consent of any other Lender shall be required in connection with any change to the definition of Required Revolving Lenders ); 

(2) release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Lien granted pursuant to the Loan Documents (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents, including pursuant to Article 8 or Section 9.21 hereof), without the prior written consent of each Lender; or 

(3) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees under the Loan Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents, including pursuant to Section 9.21 hereof), without the prior written consent of each Lender; 

(C) solely with the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders (but without the consent of the Required Lenders or any other Lender), any such agreement may (x) waive, amend or modify Section 6.14 (or the definition of First Lien Leverage Ratio or any component definition thereof, in each case, as any such definition is used solely for purposes of Section 6.14 ), (y) waive any Default or Event of Default resulting from a breach of Section 6.14 or (z) waive, amend or modify any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 hereof as it pertains to any Revolving Loan or Additional Revolving Loan; 

(D) solely with the consent of the relevant Issuing Banks and, in the case of clause (x) , the Administrative Agent, any such agreement may (x) increase or decrease the Letter of Credit Sublimit or (y) waive, amend or modify any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 hereof as it pertains to the issuance of any Letter of Credit; 

(E) solely with the consent of the Swingline Lender and, in the case of clause (x) , the Administrative Agent, any such agreement may (x) increase or decrease the Swingline Sublimit or (y) waive, amend or modify any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 hereof as it pertains to any Swingline Loan; and 

(F) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank hereunder, in each case in a manner directly and adversely affecting such Person, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be. 

(c) Subject to clause (F) of Section 9.02(b) but notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this Agreement may be amended: 

(i) with the written consent of the Borrower and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans to permit the refinancing or replacement of all or any portion of the outstanding Term Loans under the applicable Class (any such loans being refinanced or replaced, the Replaced Term Loans with one or more replacement term loans hereunder Replacement Term Loans pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment; provided that 

183 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(A) the aggregate principal amount of any Replacement Term Loans shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Replaced Term Loans plus (1) any additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 and, to the extent any such additional amounts are secured, the related Liens are permitted under Section 6.02 and plus (2) the amount of accrued interest and premium (including tender premium) thereon and underwriting discounts, fees (including upfront fees and original issue discount), commissions and expenses associated therewith), 

(B) any Replacement Term Loans must have a final maturity date that is equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Replaced Term Loans at the time of the relevant refinancing, 

(C) any Replacement Term Loans may be pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Term Loans right of payment and pari passu with or junior to such Term Loans with respect to the Collateral provided that any Replacement Term Loans that are pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Term Loans shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and may be, at the option of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, documented in a separate agreement or agreements), or be unsecured, 

(D) any Replacement Term Loans that are secured may not be secured by any assets other than the Collateral, 

(E) any Replacement Term Loans that are guaranteed may not be guaranteed by any Person other than one or more Loan Parties, 

(F) (i) any Replacement Term Loans that are pari passu with the Tranche B-2 Term Loans and the 2021 Incremental Term Loans in right of payment and security may participate on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) in any voluntary or mandatory repayment or prepayment in respect of the Tranche B-2 Term Loans and the 2021 Incremental Term Loans (and any Additional Term Loans then subject to ratable repayment requirements), in each case as agreed by the Borrower and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans, and any Replacement Term Loans that are junior to the Term Loans shall not be entitled to participate in any such voluntary or mandatory prepayment or repayment, 

(G) any Replacement Term Loans may have pricing (including interest, fees and premiums) and, subject to preceding clause (F) , optional prepayment and redemption terms as the Borrower and the lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans may agree, 

(H) either (i) the other terms and conditions of any Replacement Term Loans (excluding pricing, interest, fees, rate floors, premiums, optional prepayment or redemption terms, security and maturity, subject to preceding clauses (B) through (G) are substantially identical to, or (taken as a whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) to the lenders providing such Replacement Term Loans than those applicable to the Replaced Term Loans (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of such Replacement Term Loans)) or (ii) such Replacement Term 

184 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Loans are provided on then-current market terms (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) for the applicable type of Indebtedness, and 

(I) the Borrower shall have prepaid the Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.11(b)(iii) , and 

(ii) with the written consent of the Borrower and the Lenders providing the relevant Replacement Revolving Facility to permit the refinancing or replacement of all or any portion of any Revolving Credit Commitment under the applicable Class (any such Revolving Credit Commitment being refinanced or replaced, a Replaced Revolving Facility with a replacement revolving facility hereunder (a Replacement Revolving Facility pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment; provided that: 

(A) the aggregate principal amount of any Replacement Revolving Facility shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Replaced Revolving Facility plus (x) any additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 and, to the extent any such additional amounts are secured, the related Liens are permitted under Section 6.02 and plus (y) the amount of accrued interest and premium thereon, any committed but undrawn amounts and underwriting discounts, fees (including upfront fees and original issue discount), commissions and expenses associated therewith), 

(B) no Replacement Revolving Facility may have a final maturity date (or have scheduled commitment reductions) prior to the final maturity date of the relevant Replaced Revolving Facility at the time of such refinancing, 

(C) any Replacement Revolving Facility may be pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Revolving Credit Commitment in right of payment and pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Revolving Credit Commitment with respect to the Collateral provided that any Replacement Revolving Facility that is pari passu with or junior to the Revolving Credit Commitment shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (which may consist of a payment waterfall) and may be, at the option of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, documented in a separate agreement or agreements) or may be unsecured, 

(D) any Replacement Revolving Facility that is secured may not be secured by any assets other than the Collateral, 

(E) any Replacement Revolving Facility that is guaranteed may not be guaranteed by any Person other than one or more Loan Parties, 

(F) any Replacement Revolving Facility shall be subject to the ratability provisions applicable to Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and Extended Revolving Loans set forth in the proviso to clause (i) of Section 2.23(a) , mutatis mutandis , to the same extent as if fully set forth in this Section 9.02(c)(ii) , 

(G) any Replacement Revolving Facility may have pricing (including interest, fees and premiums) and, subject to preceding clause (F) , optional prepayment and redemption terms as the Borrower and the lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility may agree, and 

185 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(H) either (i) the other terms and conditions of any Replacement Revolving Facility (excluding pricing, interest, fees, rate floors, premiums, optional prepayment or redemption terms, security and maturity, subject to preceding clauses (B) through (G) are substantially identical to, or (taken as a whole) no more favorable (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) to the lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility than those applicable to the Replaced Revolving Facility (other than covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Revolving Credit Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of incurrence of the relevant Replacement Revolving Facility)) or (ii) such Replacement Revolving Facility are provided on then-current market terms (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) for the applicable type of Indebtedness, and 

(I) the commitments in respect of the relevant Replaced Revolving Facility shall be terminated, and all loans outstanding thereunder and all fees then due and payable in connection therewith shall be paid in full, in each case on the date any Replacement Revolving Facility is implemented; 

provided , further , that, in respect of each of sub-clauses (i) and (ii) of this clause (c) , any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate and Debt Fund Affiliate shall (x) be permitted without the consent of the Administrative Agent to provide any Replacement Term Loans, it being understood that in connection therewith, the relevant Non-Debt Fund Affiliate or Debt Fund Affiliate, as applicable, shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to such Person under Section 9.05 as if such Replacement Term Loans were term loans acquired by assignment and (y) any Debt Fund Affiliate (but not any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate) may provide any Replacement Revolving Facility. 
 Each party hereto hereby agrees that this Agreement may be amended by each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the lenders providing the relevant Replacement Term Loans or the Replacement Revolving Facility, as applicable, to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of such Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Facility, as applicable, incurred or implemented pursuant thereto (including any amendment necessary to treat the loans and commitments subject thereto as a separate tranche and Class of Loans or commitments hereunder). It is understood that any Lender approached to provide all or a portion of any Replacement Term Loans or any Replacement Revolving Facility may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to provide such Replacement Term Loans or Replacement Revolving Facility. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.02 or any other provision of this Agreement or any provision of any other Loan Document: 

(i) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any Lender, amend, supplement or waive any guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement or related document (if any) executed in connection with this Agreement to (A) comply with any Requirement of Law or the advice of counsel or (B) cause any such guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement or other document to be consistent with this Agreement or the relevant other Loan Documents, 

(ii) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any other Lender (other than the relevant Lenders (including Additional Lenders) providing Loans under such Sections), effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to (1) effect the provisions of Sections 2.22 , 2.23 , 5.11 , 6.13 or 9.02(c) , or any other provision specifying 

186 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

that any waiver, amendment or modification may be made with the consent or approval of the Administrative Agent or (2) to add terms (including representations and warranties, conditions, prepayments, covenants or events of default), in connection with the addition of any Loan or Commitment hereunder, that are favorable to the then-existing Lenders, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, 

(iii) if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have jointly identified any ambiguity, mistake, defect, inconsistency, obvious error or any error or omission of a technical nature or any necessary or desirable technical change, in each case, in any provision of any Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision solely to address such matter as reasonably determined by them acting jointly, 

(iv) the Administrative Agent and, to the extent contemplated by such agreement, the Borrower may amend, restate, amend and restate or otherwise modify any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement to give effect thereto or to carry out the purposes thereof without the consent of any Lender so long as such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification is not materially adverse to the Lenders, 

(v) [Reserved], 

(vi) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment and any Additional Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased without the consent of such Defaulting Lender (it being understood that any Commitment or Loan held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from any vote hereunder that requires the consent of any Lender, except as expressly provided in Section 2.21(b) ), and 

(vii) this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit any extension of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the relevant benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Lenders prior to such inclusion. 

Section 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity. 

(a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by each Agent and their respective Affiliates (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the actual reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one firm of outside counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole) in connection with the syndication and distribution (including via the Internet or through a service such as Intralinks) of the Credit Facilities, the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of the Loan Documents and any related documentation, including in connection with any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated, but only to the extent the preparation of any such amendment, modification or waiver was requested by the Borrower or any other Loan Party and except as otherwise provided in a separate writing between the Borrower or the relevant Agent), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by each Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for 

187 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, the Issuing Banks or the Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, (x) to one firm of outside counsel to all such Persons taken as a whole and, solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, one additional counsel to each similarly situated group of Persons, and (y) if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all such Persons, taken as a whole and, solely in the case of an actual or potential conflict of interest, one additional local counsel to each similarly situated group of Persons, in each such relevant jurisdiction) in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of their respective rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including their respective rights under this Section 9.03 , or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder. Except to the extent required to be paid on the Closing Date, all amounts due under this paragraph (a) shall be payable by the Borrower within thirty days of receipt by the Borrower of an invoice setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail, together with reasonably detailed backup documentation supporting the relevant reimbursement request. 

(b) The Borrower shall indemnify each Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to one counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction to all Indemnitees, taken as a whole and solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, (x) one additional counsel to each similarly situated group of affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and (y) one additional local counsel to each similarly situated group of affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) the use of the proceeds of the Loans or any Letter of Credit, (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (and regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a third party or by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates) or (iv) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials at, on, under or from any property or facility currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or the Restricted Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability of any Loan Party or the Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, or liability (i) is determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or, to the extent a final and non-appealable judgment finds that any such loss, claim, damage, or liability has resulted from such Person s material breach of the Loan Documents or (ii) arises out of any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding brought by such Indemnitee solely against another Indemnitee (other than any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding that is brought by or against any Agent, acting in its capacity as such) that does not involve any act or omission of the Sponsors, the Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates or Subsidiaries. Each Indemnitee shall be obligated to refund or return any and all amounts paid by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 9.03(b) to such Indemnitee for any fees, expenses, or damages to the extent such Indemnitee is not entitled to payment thereof in accordance with the terms hereof, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. All amounts due under this clause (b) shall be payable by the Borrower within 30 days (x) after receipt by the Borrower of a written demand therefor, in the case of any indemnification obligations and (y) in the case of reimbursement of costs and expenses, after receipt by the Borrower of an invoice setting forth such costs and expenses in reasonable detail, together with reasonably detailed backup documentation supporting 

188 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

the relevant reimbursement request. This clause (b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 

(c) The Borrower shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without the written consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), but if any proceeding is settled with the written consent of the Borrower, or if there is a final judgment against any Indemnitee in any such proceeding, the Borrower agree to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee to the extent and in the manner set forth above. The Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of the affected Indemnitee (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnitee unless (i) such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnitee from all liability or claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (ii) such settlement does not include any statement as to any admission of fault or culpability. 

Section 9.04. Waiver of Claim. To the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, no party to this Agreement shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, any Loan Party or any Related Party of any thereof, (a) on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or any Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof, except, in the case of any claim by any Indemnitee against the Borrower, to the extent such damages would otherwise be subject to indemnification pursuant to the terms of Section 9.03 ; provided that nothing in this sentence shall limit the Borrower s indemnity or reimbursement obligations under Section 9.03 to the extent such special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages are included in any third party claim in connection with which such Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder and (b) in respect of any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through electronic, telecommunications or other information transmission systems, including SyndTrak, IntraLinks, the internet, email or similar electronic transmission systems, except, in each case under this clause (b) to the extent any such damages are found in a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of, or material breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by, such Person or Indemnitee, in each case under this Section 9.04 . 

Section 9.05. Successors and Assigns. 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided that (i) except as provided under Section 6.07 , the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with the terms of this Section 9.05 (any attempted assignment or transfer not complying with the terms of this Section 9.05 shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and permitted assigns, to the extent provided in paragraph (e) of this Section 9.05 , Participants and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Agents, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement 

189 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(including all or a portion of any Loan or Additional Commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.22 , 2.23 or 9.02(c) at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent of: 

(A) the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided , that (I) consent of the Borrower shall not be required during the primary syndication of the Term Loans (other than assignments to Disqualified Institutions), (II) (x) the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment of Term Loans or Term Commitments unless it has objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days after receipt of written notice thereof and (y) the consent of the Borrower shall not be required for any assignment of Term Loans or Term Commitments (1) to any Term Lender or any Affiliate of any Term Lender or an Approved Fund or (2) at any time when an Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) exists and (III) (x) the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment of Revolving Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments unless it has objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days after receipt of written notice thereof, and (y) the consent of the Borrower shall not be required for any assignment of Revolving Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments (1) by any Revolving Lender to an Affiliate of such Revolving Lender, another Revolving Lender or an Approved Fund or (2) at any time when an Event of Default under Sections 7.01(a) , 7.01(f) or 7.01(g) exists; 

(B) the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); and 

(C) in the case of any Revolving Facility, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank (each not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of any assignment to another Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender or any Approved Fund or any assignment of the entire remaining amount of the relevant assigning Lender s Loans or Commitments of any Class, the principal amount of Loans or Commitments of the assigning Lender subject to the relevant assignment (determined as of the date on which the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent and determined on an aggregate basis in the event of concurrent assignments to Related Funds or by Related Funds) shall not be less than (x) 1,000,000, in the case of Term Loans and Term Commitments and (y) 5,000,000 in the case of Revolving Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments, unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent; 

(B) any partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the relevant assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement; 

(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or, if previously agreed with the Administrative Agent, manually), and shall pay to the Administrative Agent a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 (which fee may be waived or reduced in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent); and 

190 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(D) the relevant Eligible Assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver on or prior to the effective date of such assignment, to the Administrative Agent (1) an Administrative Questionnaire and (2) any Internal Revenue Service form required under Section 2.17 . 

(iii) Subject to the acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section 9.05 , from and after the effective date specified in any Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned pursuant to such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be (A) entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 and 9.03 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring on or prior to the effective date of such assignment and (B) subject to its obligations thereunder and under Section 9.13 ). If any assignment by any Lender holding any Promissory Note is made after the issuance of such Promissory Note, the assigning Lender shall, upon the effectiveness of such assignment or as promptly thereafter as practicable, surrender such Promissory Note to the Administrative Agent for cancellation, and, following such cancellation, if requested by either the assignee or the assigning Lender, the Borrower shall issue and deliver a new Promissory Note to such assignee or to such assigning Lender, with appropriate insertions, to reflect the new commitments or outstanding Loans of the assignee or the assigning Lender. 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and their respective successors and assigns, and the commitment of, and principal amount of and interest on the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect the Borrower s obligations in respect of such Loans and LC Disbursements. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, each Issuing Bank and each Lender (but only as to its own holdings), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an Eligible Assignee, the Eligible Assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire and any tax certification required by Section 9.05(b)(ii)(D)(2) (unless the assignee is already a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05 , if applicable, and any written consent to the relevant assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

(vi) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Assumption, the assigning Lender and the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be deemed to confirm and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (A) the assigning Lender warrants that it is the legal and 

191 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

beneficial owner of the interest being assigned thereby free and clear of any adverse claim and that the amount of its commitments, and the outstanding balances of its Loans, in each case without giving effect to any assignment thereof which has not become effective, are as set forth in such Assignment and Assumption, (B) except as set forth in clause (A) above, the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto, or the financial condition of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or the performance or observance by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of its obligations under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto; (C) the assignee represents and warrants that it is an Eligible Assignee, legally authorized to enter into such Assignment and Assumption (and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such representation without any further investigation); (D) the assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Assumption; (E) the assignee will independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the assigning Lender or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it deems appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement; (F) the assignee appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent, by the terms hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (G) the assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any other Lender, sell participations to any bank or other entity (other than to any Disqualified Institution, any natural Person or, other than with respect to any participation to any Debt Fund Affiliate (any such participations to a Debt Fund Affiliate being subject to the limitation set forth in the first proviso of the penultimate paragraph set forth in Section 9.05(g) , as if the limitation applied to such participations), the Borrower or any of its Affiliates) (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which any Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the relevant Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in (x) clause (A) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that directly and adversely affects the Loans or commitments in which such Participant has an interest and (y) clauses (B)(1) , (2) or (3) of the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) . Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section 9.05 , the Borrower agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 and 2.17 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9.05 (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the Administrative Agent, 

192 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

and if additional amounts are required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.17(a) or Section 2.17(c) in respect of such participation, to the Borrower). To the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.09 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. 

(ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Participant shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 than the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent expressly acknowledging such Participant may receive a greater benefit and such Participant agrees to comply with Section 2.19 as if it was a Lender. Each Participant will comply with Section 2.17(f) as though it were a Lender and to deliver the tax forms required to claim an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document and then only to the extent of any amount to which such Lender would be entitled in the absence of any such participation (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the Administrative Agent). 

Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and their respective successors and assigns, and the principal amounts and stated interest of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to any Participant s interest in any Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or any other obligation under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and each Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (other than to any Disqualified Institution or any natural person) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to any Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section 9.05 (other than this clause (d) shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release any Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of any Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall 

193 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 2.15 , 2.16 or 2.17 and no SPC shall be entitled to any greater amount under Section 2.13 , 2.14 or 2.15 or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that the Granting Lender would have been entitled to receive, (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender) and (iii) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes including approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of the Loan Documents, remain the Lender of record hereunder. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the Requirements of Law of the U.S. or any State thereof; provided that (i) such SPC s Granting Lender is in compliance in all material respects with its obligations to the Borrower hereunder and (ii) each Lender designating any SPC hereby agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless each other party hereto for any loss, cost, damage or expense arising out of its inability to institute such a proceeding against such SPC during such period of forbearance. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.05 , any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loan to the Granting Lender and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. 

(f) (i) Upon the request of any Lender, the Administrative Agent shall make available to such Lender the list of Disqualified Institutions provided to the Lead Arrangers prior to the Closing Date, if any, along with any additions, deletions or modifications to such list as provided to the Administrative Agent after the Closing Date pursuant to the definition of the term Disqualified Institution. Notwithstanding anything else in this Section 9.05 or any other provision of any Loan Document to the contrary, with respect to any assignment, participation or pledge or assignment of a security interest by a Lender without the Borrower s consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) or the Borrower s deemed consent to any Disqualified Institution or any Affiliate thereof, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Institution and the Administrative Agent (x) terminate any Revolving Credit Commitment of such Disqualified Institution and repay any applicable outstanding Loans and other obligations of the Borrower owing to such Disqualified Institution in connection with such Revolving Credit Commitment, (y) in the case of outstanding Term Loans held by such Disqualified Institution, purchase or prepay such Term Loans at a price equal to the lesser of par and the amount such person paid to acquire such Loans, in each case, plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts payable to it hereunder), and/or (z) require such Disqualified Institution to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.05 other than payment of the processing and recordation fee specified in paragraph (b)(ii)(C) above), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees at the price indicated above; provided that upon inquiry by any Lender, Participant, bona fide potential assignee or bona fide prospective participant to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the Borrower hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent, to provide the list of Disqualified Institutions made in accordance with the definition of Disqualified Institutions (as updated thereto from time to time) to such Person or to disclose to such Person whether such Person or a specific potential assignee or prospective participant is a Disqualified Institution; provided , further , that the Administrative Agent shall not be under any obligation to notify any such Person of updates after the date such Person requests such information; provided that, without prejudicing any right or remedy that the Borrower may otherwise have at law or equity, to the extent such Disqualified Institution has assigned its 

194 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Loans to an Eligible Assignee (which is not an Affiliate of such Person), at the Borrower s written election, the assignment to such Eligible Assignee shall be deemed effective for all purposes of the Loan Documents irrespective of such Disqualified Institution having previously held the applicable Loan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any responsibility or liability for monitoring the list of Disqualified Institutions or enforcing the Borrower s or any Lender s compliance with the terms of any of the provisions set forth herein with respect to Disqualified Institutions or otherwise have any liability in connection with the foregoing. 

(ii) If any assignment or participation under this Section 9.05 is made to any Affiliate of any Disqualified Institution without the Borrower s prior written consent (any such person, a Disqualified Person ), then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Person and the Administrative Agent, require such Disqualified Person to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 9.05 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees; provided that (I) the relevant assignment shall otherwise comply with this Section 9.05 (except that (x) no registration and processing fee required under this Section 9.05 shall be required with any assignment pursuant to this paragraph and (y) any Term Loan acquired by any Affiliated Lender pursuant to this paragraph will not be included in calculating compliance with the Affiliated Lender Cap for a period of ninety days following such transfer) and (II) to the extent such Disqualified Institution has assigned its Loans to an Eligible Assignee (which is not an Affiliate of such Person) with the written consent of the Borrower (if applicable), the assignment to such Eligible Assignee shall be deemed effective for all purposes of the Loan Documents and no new assignment shall be required irrespective of such Disqualified Institution having previously held the applicable Loan. Nothing in this Section 9.05(f) shall be deemed to prejudice any right or remedy that the Borrower may otherwise have under this Agreement or at law or equity. 
 (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Term Loans to any Affiliated Lender on a non-pro rata basis (A) through Dutch Auctions open to all Lenders holding the relevant Term Loans on a pro rata basis or (B) through open market purchases, in each case with respect to clauses (A) and (B) , without the consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that: 

(i) any Term Loans acquired by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be retired and cancelled immediately upon the acquisition thereof; provided that upon any such retirement and cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so retired and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced on a pro rata basis by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so cancelled; 

(ii) any Term Loans acquired by any Non-Debt Fund Affiliate may (but shall not be required to) be contributed to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (it being understood that any such Term Loans shall be retired and cancelled promptly upon such contribution); provided that upon any such cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans shall be deemed reduced, as of the date of such contribution, by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so contributed and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced pro rata by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans so contributed and cancelled; 

195 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(iii) the relevant Affiliated Lender and assigning Lender shall have executed an Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption; 

(iv) after giving effect to the relevant assignment and to all other assignments to all Affiliated Lenders, the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans then held by all Affiliated Lenders shall not exceed 25.0 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans then outstanding (after giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof) (the Affiliated Lender Cap ); provided that each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by any Person in connection with any compliance or non-compliance with this clause (g)(iv) or any purported assignment exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap; provided , further , that to the extent that any assignment to any Affiliated Lender would result in the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans held by Affiliated Lenders exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap (after giving effect to any substantially simultaneous cancellations thereof), the assignment of the relevant excess amount shall be null and void; 

(v) in connection with any assignment of rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of Term Loans effected pursuant to a Dutch Auction or open market purchase conducted by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, (A) the relevant Person may not use the proceeds of any Revolving Loans to fund such assignment and (B) no Default or Event of Default may exist at the time of acceptance of bids for the Dutch Auction or the confirmation of such open market purchase, as applicable; and 

(vi) by its acquisition of Term Loans, each relevant Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that: 

(A) the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall be disregarded in both the numerator and denominator in the calculation of any Required Lender or other Lender vote (and the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall be deemed to be voted pro rata along with the other Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders); provided that (x) such Affiliated Lender shall have the right to vote (and the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender shall not be so disregarded) with respect to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action that requires the vote of all Lenders or all Lenders directly and adversely affected thereby, as the case may be, and (y) no amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action shall (1) disproportionately affect such Affiliated Lender in its capacity as a Lender as compared to other Lenders of the same Class that are not Affiliated Lenders or (2) deprive any Affiliated Lender of its share of any payments which the Lenders are entitled to share on a pro rata basis hereunder, in each case without the consent of such Affiliated Lender; and 

(B) such Affiliated Lender, solely in its capacity as an Affiliated Lender, will not be entitled to (i) attend (including by telephone) or participate in any meeting or discussion (or portion thereof) among the Administrative Agent or any Lender or among Lenders to which the Loan Parties or their representatives are not invited or (ii) receive any information or material prepared by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any communication by or among the Administrative Agent and one or more Lenders, except to the extent such information or materials have been made available by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Loan Party or its representatives (and in any case, other than 

196 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

the right to receive notices of Borrowings, prepayments and other administrative notices in respect of its Term Loans required to be delivered to Lenders pursuant to Article 2 ); 

(vii) no Affiliated Lender shall be required to represent or warrant that it is not in possession of material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective securities in connection with any assignment permitted by this Section 9.05(g) ; and 

(viii) in any bankruptcy or similar proceeding, no Affiliated Lender shall have any right to vote its interest in respect of any Term Loan (it being understood that its interest will be deemed to be voted in the same proportion as the vote of non-Affiliated Lenders on the relevant matter), except that to the extent that any plan of reorganization or other arrangement with respect to which the relevant vote is sought proposes to treat the interest of the relevant Affiliated Lender in such Term Loan in a manner that is less favorable to such Affiliated Lender than the proposed treatment of Term Loans held by other Lenders. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Term Loans to any Debt Fund Affiliate, and any Debt Fund Affiliate may, from time to time, purchase Term Loans (x) on a non-pro rata basis through Dutch Auctions open to all applicable Lenders or (y) on a non-pro rata basis through open market purchases without the consent of the Administrative Agent, in each case, notwithstanding the requirements set forth in subclauses (i) through (vii) of this clause (g) ; provided that the Loans and Commitments held by all Debt Fund Affiliates shall not account for more than 30.0 of the amounts included in determining whether the Required Lenders have (A) consented to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, (B) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document (it being understood and agreed that any Term Loans held by Debt Fund Affiliates in excess of such 30.0 of such amounts will be deemed to be voted pro rata along with the votes of the Lenders eligible to vote under the relevant class of Lenders that are not Debt Fund Affiliates). Any Loans acquired by any Debt Fund Affiliate may (but shall not be required to) be contributed to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for purposes of cancelling such Indebtedness (it being understood that any Loans so contributed shall be retired and cancelled immediately upon thereof); provided that upon any such cancellation, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the relevant Class of Loans shall be deemed reduced, as of the date of such contribution, by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the Loans so contributed and cancelled, and each principal repayment installment with respect to the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a) shall be reduced pro rata by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of any applicable Term Loans so contributed and cancelled. 
 Section 9.06. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loan and issuance of any Letter of Credit regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date. The provisions of Sections 2.15 , 2.16 , 2.17 , 9.03 and 9.13 and Article 8 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Revolving Credit Commitment, the occurrence of 

197 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

the Termination Date or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof but in each case, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement. 

Section 9.07. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Fee Letter constitute the entire agreement among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective when it has been executed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent has received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or by email as a .pdf or .tif attachment shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

Section 9.08. Severability. To the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section 9.09. Right of Setoff. At any time when an Event of Default exists, (i) the Administrative Agent and (ii) with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, in each case, is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations (in any currency) at any time owing by the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Lender to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any of and all the Secured Obligations held by the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Lender, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Lender different than the branch or office holding such deposit or obligation on such Indebtedness. The Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower of any such set-off or application; provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such set-off or application under this Section 9.09 . The rights of the Swingline Lender, each Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent under this Section 9.09 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which the Swingline Lender, such Lender, such Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent may have. 

Section 9.10. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. 

(a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT) AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT), WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT (AT LAW OR IN EQUITY) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK . 

198 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(b) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any U.S. Federal or New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, in the City of New York (or any appellate court therefrom) over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding SHALL (EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BELOW) be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW, federal court. EACH partY hereto agreeS that service of any process, summons, notice or document by registered mail addressed to such person shall be effective service of process against such Person for any suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court. Each partY hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF LAW. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT RETAINS THE RIGHT TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION SOLELY IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXERCISE OF its RIGHTS UNDER ANY COLLATERAL DOCU MENT. 

(c) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph b of this Section 9.10 . Each parTY hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF law, any claim or defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action, suit or proceeding in any such court . 

(d) To the extent permitted by APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF law, each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of any and all process upon it and agrees that all such service of process may be made by registered mail (OR ANY SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR FORM OF MAIL) directed to it at its address for notices as provided for in Section 9.01 . each Party hereto hereby waives any objection to such service of process and further irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any action or proceeding commenced hereunder or under any loan document that service of process was invalid and ineffective. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF law . 

Section 9.11. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE REQUIREMENTS OF law , ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY) DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR 

199 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.11 . 

Section 9.12. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

Section 9.13. Confidentiality. Each Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees (and each Lender agrees to cause its SPC, if any) to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information (as defined below), except that Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, managers, employees, independent auditors, agents, or other experts and advisors, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (collectively, the Representatives on a need to know basis solely in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and who are informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and are or have been advised of their obligation to keep the Confidential Information of this type confidential; provided that such Person shall be responsible for its Affiliates and their Representatives compliance with this paragraph; provided , further , that unless the Borrower otherwise consents, no such disclosure shall be made by any Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any Affiliate or Representative thereof to any Affiliate or Representative of any Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender that is a Disqualified Institution, (b) to the extent compelled by legal process in, or reasonably necessary to, the defense of such legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, in any legal, judicial or administrative proceeding or otherwise as required by applicable Requirements of Law (in which case such Person shall (i) to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, inform the Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (c) upon the demand or request of any regulatory or governmental authority (including any self-regulatory body) purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Affiliates (in which case such Person shall, except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any Governmental Authority or regulatory or self-regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, (i) inform the Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment), (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) subject to an acknowledgment and agreement by the relevant recipient that the Confidential Information is being disseminated on a confidential basis (on substantially the terms set forth in this paragraph or as otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, including as set forth in the Information Materials) in accordance with the standard syndication process of the Lead Arrangers or market standards for dissemination of the relevant type of information, which shall in any event require click through or other affirmative action on the part of the recipient to access the Confidential Information and acknowledge its confidentiality obligations in respect thereof, to (i) any Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or prospective Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, including any SPC (in each case other than a Disqualified Institution), (ii) any pledgee referred to in Section 9.05 , (iii) any actual or prospective, direct or indirect contractual counterparty (or its advisors) to any Derivative Transaction (including any credit default swap) or similar derivative product to which any Loan Party is a party and (iv) subject to the Borrower s prior approval of the information to be disclosed, to Moody s or S P on a confidential basis in connection with obtaining or maintaining ratings as required under Section 5.12 , (f) with the prior written consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and (g) to the extent such Confidential 

200 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Information is (x) publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.13 by such Person, its Affiliates or their respective Representatives or (y) becomes available to such Person, its Affiliates or their respective Representatives on a non-confidential basis from a source other than any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or any of their respective Affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, direct or indirect equity holders or agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors as to which source such Person, its Affiliates or their respective Representatives has no actual knowledge of a breach thereby of its obligation to keep such information confidential. In addition, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may provide generic information regarding the Credit Facilities to service providers providing administrative and ministerial services solely in connection with the syndication and administration of the Credit Facilities (which generic information shall be limited to the identities of parties, maturity dates and interest rates) on a confidential basis. For purposes of this Section 9.13 , Confidential Information means all information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses or the Transactions (including any information obtained by any Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives, based on a review of any books and records relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates from time to time, including prior to the date hereof) other than any such information that is publicly available to any Agent, Issuing Bank or Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the numbering, administration, settlement and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Commitments, and the Credit Extensions. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, in no event shall any disclosure of any Confidential Information be made to Person that is a Disqualified Institution at the time of disclosure. 

Section 9.14. No Fiduciary Duty. Each Agent, each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Loan Parties, their stockholders or their respective affiliates. Each Loan Party agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and such Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates, on the other. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender, in its capacity as such, has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise any Loan Party, its respective stockholders or its respective Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to any Loan Party except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender, in its capacity as such, is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of such Loan Party, its respective management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that such Loan Party has consulted its own legal, tax and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. 

Section 9.15. Several Obligations. The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan, issue any Letter of Credit or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. 

201 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Section 9.16. USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. 

Section 9.17. Disclosure of Agent Conflicts. Each Loan Party, each Issuing Bank and each Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates. 

Section 9.18. Appointment for Perfection. Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender and each Issuing Bank as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable Requirement of Law can be perfected only by possession. If any Lender or Issuing Bank (other than the Administrative Agent) obtains possession of any Collateral, such Lender, Issuing Bank shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor, shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s instructions. 

Section 9.19. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan or Letter of Credit, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan or Letter of Credit under applicable Requirements of Law (collectively the Charged Amounts ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender or Issuing Bank holding such Loan or Letter of Credit in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan or Letter of Credit hereunder, together with all Charged Amounts payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charged Amounts that would have been payable in respect of such Loan or Letter of Credit but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 9.19 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charged Amounts payable to such Lender or Issuing Bank in respect of other Loans or Letters of Credit or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, have been received by such Lender or Issuing Bank. 

Section 9.20. Conflicts. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and any other Loan Document, the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control. 

Section 9.21. Release of Loan Guarantors. Notwithstanding anything in Section 9.02(b) to the contrary, (a) any Loan Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder (and its Loan Guaranty shall be automatically released) (i) upon the consummation of any permitted transaction or series of related transactions if as a result thereof such Loan Guarantor ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a single transaction or series of related transactions permitted hereunder) or (ii) upon the occurrence of the Termination Date; provided that (i) no such release under clause (a) hereof shall occur solely because a Loan Guarantor has become an Excluded Subsidiary unless the Borrower so elects and (ii) to the extent any Restricted Subsidiary becomes an Excluded Subsidiary and is released from its guarantee hereunder, any such release under clause (a) hereof shall constitute an Investment as of the date of such release. In connection with any such release, the Administrative Agent shall promptly execute and deliver to the relevant Loan Party, at such Loan Party s 

202 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence termination or release. Any execution and delivery of any document pursuant to the preceding sentence of this Section 9.21 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent (other than as to the Administrative Agent s authority to execute and deliver such documents). 

Section 9.22. Judgment Currency. If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document from one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent from the Borrower in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agree to the extent permitted under applicable law, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or the Person to whom such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in such currency, the Administrative Agent agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable Requirements of Law). 

Section 9.23. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder that may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

203 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

Section 9.24. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFC. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Hedge Agreement or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

(b) As used in this Section 9.24 , the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 [Signature Pages Follow] 
 204 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

205 
 48054934.2 
 
 LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 VICTORY CAPITAL HOLDINGS, INC., 
 as the Borrower 

By:	 
 Name: 
 Title: 

Signature Page to Victory Capital Credit Agreement 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, 
 as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender, an Issuing Bank and a Lender 

By:	 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Signature Page to Victory Capital Credit Agreement 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, 
 as an Issuing Bank and a Lender 

By:	 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Signature Page to Victory Capital Credit Agreement 

BANK OF MONTREAL, 
 as an Issuing Bank and a Lender 

By:	 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Signature Page to Victory Capital Credit Agreement 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as an Issuing Bank and a Lender 

By:	 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Signature Page to Victory Capital Credit Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as an Issuing Bank and a Lender 

By:	 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Signature Page to Victory Capital Credit Agreement 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as an Issuing Bank and a Lender 

By:	 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Signature Page to Victory Capital Credit Agreement 

MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., 
 as an Issuing Bank and a Lender 

By:	 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Signature Page to Victory Capital Credit Agreement 

[ ], 
 as a Lender 

By:	 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Signature Page to Victory Capital Credit Agreement 

Schedule 1.01(a) 
 Commitment Schedule 
 
 Initial Revolving Credit Commitments 

Lender 
 Initial Revolving Credit Commitment 
 Pro Rata Share 

Barclays Bank PLC 
 20,000,000.00 
 20.00 

Royal Bank of Canada 
 20,000,000.00 
 20.00 

Bank of Montreal 
 20,000,000.00 
 20.00 

KeyBank National Association 
 20,000,000.00 
 20.00 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 10,000,000.00 
 10.00 

Bank of America, N.A. 
 5,000,000.00 
 5.00 

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 
 5,000,000.00 
 5.00 

Total 
 100,000,000.00 
 100 

Initial Term Loan Commitments 

Lender 
 Initial Term Loan Commitment 
 Pro Rata Share 

Barclays Bank PLC 
 1,100,000,000.00 
 100.00 

Total 
 1,100,000,000.00 
 100 

LEGAL_US_E # 159035042.9 

Summary report: Litera Change-Pro for Word 10.8.2.11 Document comparison done on 2/23/2023 9:07:20 AM 

Style name: Standard 

Intelligent Table Comparison: Active 

Original filename: Victory - Credit Agreement (Conformed) (Execution Version).DOCX 

Modified filename: Victory - Credit Agreement (Conformed to Fourth Amendment) (Execution Version).DOCX 

Changes: 

Add 
 281 

Delete 
 271 

Move From 
 12 

Move To 
 12 

Table Insert 
 0 

Table Delete 
 0 

Table moves to 
 0 

Table moves from 
 0 

Embedded Graphics (Visio, ChemDraw, Images etc.) 
 0 

Embedded Excel 
 0 

Format changes 
 5 

Total Changes: 
 581 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 vctr-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 

VCH Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Victory Capital Operating, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Victory Capital Management Inc. 
 
 New York 

Victory Capital Services, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Victory Company Transfer Agency, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

WestEnd Advisors, LLC 
 
 North Carolina 

The names of certain subsidiaries have been omitted. As of the end of the year covered by this report, the unnamed subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as that term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 vctr-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333- 259784), and 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-222937) pertaining to the Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, the Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan and the Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; 
 
 of our report dated March 6, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 March 6, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 vctr-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, David C. Brown, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this report on Form 10 K of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. (the registrant ); 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a.	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b.	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c.	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d.	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a.	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b.	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: March 6, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ DAVID C. BROWN 

David C. Brown 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 vctr-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Michael D. Policarpo, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 K of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. (the registrant ); 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a.	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b.	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c.	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d.	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a.	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b.	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: March 6, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ MICHAEL D. POLICARPO 

Michael D. Policarpo 

President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 vctr-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David C. Brown, Chief Executive Officer of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify pursuant to Section 1350 of chapter 63 of title 18 of the United States Code, and Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) the annual report on Form 10 K of the Company to which this Exhibit is attached (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ DAVID C. BROWN 

David C. Brown 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

March 6, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 vctr-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael D. Policarpo, President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify pursuant to Section 1350 of chapter 63 of title 18 of the United States Code, and Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) the annual report on Form 10 K of the Company to which this Exhibit is attached (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ MICHAEL D. POLICARPO 

Michael D. Policarpo 

President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer 

March 6, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 vctr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 vctr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 vctr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 vctr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 vctr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

