<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1838337_0001104659-23-039475.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5013991</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>411238</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>906259</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1421859</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>964292</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1223755</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-039475.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330213558
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-039475
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001838337
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				980598286
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40018
		FILM NUMBER:		23782819

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27 HOSPITAL ROAD
		CITY:			GEORGETOWN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 515-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET, 43RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-039475.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 apgb-20211231x10k.htm
 FORM 10K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by the check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO The Registrant s Units began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on February 10, 2021, and the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares began separate trading on the New York Stock Exchange on April 5, 2021 . The aggregate market value of the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, at June 30, 2022, was . As of March 30, 2023 there were Class A ordinary shares, 0.00025 par value, and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0000625 par value, issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 2 PART I 3 Item 1. Business. 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 19 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 55 Item 2. Properties. 55 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 55 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 55 PART II 56 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 56 Item 6. [Reserved]. 57 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 57 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 62 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 62 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 62 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 62 Item 9B. Other Information. 63 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 63 PART III 64 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 64 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 70 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 71 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 73 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 75 PART IV 77 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 77 Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 78 SIGNATURES 79 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report (the annual report on Form 10-K includes, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company may include, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this annual report. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. Forward-looking statements in this annual report may include, for example, statements about: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; our ability to complete our initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I References in this annual report to we, us, Company or our company are to Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II, a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated with limited liability. References to management or our management team are to our officers and directors. References to our sponsor are to APSG Sponsor II, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership. References to Apollo are to Apollo Asset Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to Apollo Funds are to the yield, hybrid and equity funds (including parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles), partnerships, accounts (including strategic investment accounts), alternative asset companies and other entities for which Apollo provides investment management or advisory services. Item 1. Business Introduction We are a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this annual report as our initial business combination. We have reviewed a number of opportunities to enter into a business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act because we have no operations, other than in connection with our search for an initial business combination, and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. Our executive offices are located at 9 West 57th Street, 42nd Floor, New York, NY 10019, and our telephone number is (212) 515-3200. Our corporate website address is https://apollostrategicgrowthcapitalii.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this annual report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. Company History In October 2008, the Company was formed by Apollo Principal Holdings III, L.P. Holdings and in August 2020, Holdings transferred its ownership in the Company to our sponsor, APSG Sponsor II, L.P. As of March 30, 2023, our sponsor owned all of the 17,250,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. On February 12, 2021, we consummated the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering of 69,000,000 units (the Units ), including the issuance of 9,000,000 Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option (the Over-Allotment Units ). The Units sold in the Initial Public Offering were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 690,000,000. Each Unit consists of one of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.00025 per share (the public shares ), and one-fifth of one warrant (the public warrants ). Each whole public warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. Simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 10,400,000 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one of the Company s Class A ordinary shares for 11.50 per share Private Placement Warrants ), to our sponsor at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of 15,600,000. Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants, 690,000,000 was placed in a trust account (the trust account ). Each whole Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. On April 2, 2021, we announced that, commencing April 5, 2021, holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and the warrants included in the Units. Those Units not separated continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol APGB.U and the Class A ordinary shares and warrants that are separated trade under the symbols APGB and APGB WS, respectively. Business Strategy; Acquisition Criteria Our acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify, acquire and, after our initial business combination, further accelerate the growth of a company in the public markets. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective targets for our initial business combination. We will leverage these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire target businesses that we believe: are leading companies that have exhibited positive top-line growth and/or are experiencing secular tailwinds; have defensible and established business models, with sustainable competitive advantages and multiple avenues for growth; can potentially benefit from having a public currency to accelerate growth trajectory; can benefit from our management team and Apollo s operating expertise, industry network and financing experience; are not reliant on financial leverage to generate returns; are at the point in their lifecycle at which going public is a natural next step; and will offer attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. 
 We do not intend to pursue an acquisition in the natural resources or energy industries, including the upstream, midstream and energy services sub-sectors. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials that we would file with the SEC. Initial Business Combination The rules of the NYSE require that we must consummate our initial business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in trust) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We may pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with our sponsor, Apollo, or one or more of its affiliates, one or more Apollo Funds and/or investors in the Apollo Funds, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition . Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Any such issuance of equity or equity-linked securities would, on a fully diluted basis, reduce the percentage ownership of our then-existing shareholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B ordinary shares, issuances or deemed issuances of Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities would result in an adjustment to the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares such that our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20 of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination), unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to such issuance or deemed issuance at the time thereof. Neither our sponsor nor Apollo, nor any of their respective affiliates, have an obligation to make any such investment, and may compete with us for potential business combinations. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, including an Affiliated Joint Acquisition as described above. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the NYSE s 80 of net assets test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for seeking shareholder approval or for purposes of a tender offer, as applicable. Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets Certain members of our management team and directors, including those who are affiliated with Apollo have fiduciary duties or are subject to contractual obligations or policies and procedures that require them to present business opportunities that may be appropriate for one or more entities, including Apollo Funds, to the respective investment committees of such entities or funds prior to presenting such opportunities to us regardless of the capacity in which they are made aware of such opportunities. As a result, we may not receive any opportunity to acquire a target business that would be attractive to us. Our fourth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and another entity, including any Apollo entity, about which any member of our management team or director acquires knowledge and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. We cannot guarantee that any opportunity that would be suitable for us will not be pursued by another entity, including Apollo or an Apollo Fund, or that any opportunity that is passed upon by such other entity will be referred to us in a timely manner or at all. Apollo, together with its clients, engages in a broad range of business activities and invests in a broad range of businesses and assets. Apollo takes into account interests of its affiliates, clients and each of their respective portfolio companies (including reputational interests, financial interests, confidentiality concerns, legal, regulatory, tax and any other interests or considerations that arise from time to time) when determining whether to pursue (or how to structure) a potential transaction or investment opportunity. As a result, it is possible that Apollo may choose not to refer a business opportunity to us or that members of our management or directors who are affiliated with Apollo may choose not to pursue an opportunity notwithstanding that such opportunity would be attractive to us due to the reputational, financial, confidentiality, legal, regulatory, tax and/or other interests or considerations of Apollo, its affiliates, its clients and their respective portfolio companies. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. As discussed herein and in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their ordinary shares in the target business for Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its equity as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination in the amount of up to approximately 676 million, after payment of 24.2 million of deferred underwriting commissions, in each case before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the NYSE s 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for current investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our business combination. To the extent we effect our business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a disciplined due diligence review of issues that we deem important to validating a company s business quality and assessing growth and value creation opportunities, allowing our management team to price returns relative to potential risks appropriately. This review may encompass, among other things, research related to the company s industry, markets, products, services and competitors, meetings with incumbent management and employees, on-site visits and a review of financial and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company may pay underwriting discounts and commissions, placement agent fees, initial purchaser fees or discounts, finder s fees, arrangement fees, commitment fees and transaction, structuring, consulting, advisory and management fees and similar fees or other compensation to Apollo, our sponsor, our directors, members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Under the NYSE s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) ordinary shares that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting power then outstanding; any of our directors, officers or substantial securityholders (as defined by the NYSE rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired and if the number of ordinary shares to be issued, or if the number of ordinary shares into which the securities may be convertible or exercisable, exceeds either (a) 1 of the number of ordinary shares or 1 of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any of our directors and officers or (b) 5 of the number of ordinary shares or 5 of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any substantial securityholders; or the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 Other than if effected by a merger under Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands (as the same may be amended from time to time, the Companies Act ), which would require the passing of a shareholders special resolution, the Companies Act and Cayman Islands law do not currently require, and we are not aware of any other applicable law that will require, shareholder approval of our initial business combination. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; other time and budget constraints of the company; and additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 
 Permitted Purchases of our Securities In the event we seek shareholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of the NYSE. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the shareholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares in connection with our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us as permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Class B ordinary shares held by them and any public shares held by them in connection with our initial business combination (the letter agreement ). Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target business in a manner that requires shareholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a shareholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other legal reasons. If we hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of our outstanding ordinary shares representing a majority of the voting power of all of our outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote at such meeting. Our sponsor will count toward this quorum and has agreed to vote its Class B ordinary shares and any public shares purchased in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding ordinary shares voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our sponsor s Class B ordinary shares, we would need 25,875,001, or 37.5 , of the 69,000,000 public shares sold to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether it votes for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into the letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Class B ordinary shares and any public shares held by them in connection with our initial business combination. If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our NYSE listing or Exchange Act registration. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Upon the public announcement of our business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares . We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, are required to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the shareholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our business combination. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different during the remainder of the completion window (as defined below). Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we have until 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or 27 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering but have not completed our initial business combination within such 24-month period (the completion window to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into the letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any Class B ordinary shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, such an amendment would need to be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 65 of all then outstanding ordinary shares. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from cash held outside of the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not used to make permitted withdrawals, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We had access to up to approximately 800,000 from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash in connection with our initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Certain Potential Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, directors owe fiduciary duties to the company including the following: duty to act in good faith in what the director believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; duty to exercise authority for the purpose for which it is conferred; directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and duty to exercise independent judgment. 
 In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director has. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Certain members of our management team and directors who are affiliated with Apollo have fiduciary duties or are subject to contractual obligations or policies and procedures that require them to present business opportunities that may be appropriate for one or more Apollo Funds to the respective investment committees of such funds prior to presenting such opportunities to us regardless of the capacity in which they are made aware of such opportunities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity, including an Apollo entity, to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and another entity, including any Apollo entity, about which any member of our management team or director acquires knowledge and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Apollo manages a significant number of Apollo Funds. Apollo and its affiliates, as well as Apollo Funds, may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities or companies decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within Apollo may be suitable for both us and for Apollo affiliates and/or current or future Apollo Funds and may be directed to such affiliates and/or Apollo Funds rather than to us. Neither Apollo nor members of our management team who are also employed by Apollo have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Apollo and/or our management, in their capacities as partners, officers or employees of Apollo will be, or in their other endeavors may be, required to present potential business combinations to other entities, before they present such opportunities to us. In addition, Apollo and its affiliates and/or Apollo Funds, including our officers and directors who are affiliated with Apollo may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination, and members of our management team may participate in such blank check companies. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among the management teams. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with any affiliates of Apollo or investors in the Apollo Funds. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Such entities may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, directors and officers have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Class B ordinary shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor, directors and officers have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Class B ordinary shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the completion window. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our sponsor, directors and officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any Class B ordinary shares held by them until one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, (i) the last sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (ii) we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and warrants following the Initial Public Offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with our initial business combination, although our sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation to do so. Apollo and its affiliates and certain of the Apollo Funds engage in the business of originating, underwriting, syndicating, acquiring and trading loans and debt securities of corporate and other borrowers, and may provide or participate in any debt financing arrangement in connection with any acquisition, financing or disposition of any target business that we may make. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates elect to make additional investments or provide financing, such proposed transactions could influence our sponsor s motivation to complete our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 
 The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Apollo, our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, may serve as a finder or provide other services for which they may be paid underwriting discounts and commissions, placement agent fees, initial purchaser fees or discounts, finder s fees, arrangement fees, commitment fees and transaction, structuring, consulting, advisory and management fees and similar fees by the company for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we pay an amount equal to 16,667 per month, for up to 27 months, to our sponsor for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services provided to us. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. Our sponsor, directors and officers have agreed to vote any Class B ordinary shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of our initial business combination and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased after the Initial Public Offering in favor of our initial business combination. Sponsor Indemnity Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to us, or by a prospective target business with which we have entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn in permitted withdrawals. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Facilities Our executive offices are located at 9 West 57th Street, 42nd Floor, New York, NY 10019, and our telephone number is (212) 515-3200. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 16,667 per month, for up to 27 months, we pay to our sponsor for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Human Capital Management We currently have two officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains such reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), or reconciled to, GAAP, or the international accounting standards board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that any applicable requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures beginning with this annual report as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholders approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Legal Proceedings There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this annual report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Summary Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, risks associated with: our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; being a company with no operating history and no revenues; our ability to complete our initial business combination, including risks arising from the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 our public shareholders ability to exercise redemption rights; the requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window; the possibility that NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange; being declared an investment company under the Investment Company Act; complying with changing laws and regulations; the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; the pool of prospective target businesses available to us and the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; the issuance of additional Class A ordinary shares in connection with a business combination that may dilute the interest of our public shareholders; the incentives to our sponsor, officers and directors to complete a business combination to avoid losing their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers or directors following our initial business combination; our ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our ability to amend the terms of warrants in a manner that may be adverse to the holders of public warrants; our ability to redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; and provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and Cayman Islands law that may have the effect of inhibiting a takeover of us and discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 Risks Relating to the Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, an Initial Business Combination Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, and even if we hold a shareholder vote, holders of our Class B ordinary shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support that combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our Class B ordinary shares will participate in the vote on such shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our outstanding public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see Item 1. Business Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination for additional information. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any Class B ordinary shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our sponsor s Class B ordinary shares, we would need 25,875,001, or 37.5 , of the 69,000,000 public shares sold in in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted) in order to have such initial business combination approved. We expect that our sponsor and its permitted transferees will own at least 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if our sponsor and its permitted transferees agreed to vote their Class B ordinary shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such business combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. In no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or make us unable to satisfy a minimum cash condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. If we are able to complete an initial business combination, the per share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of completion of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters is not required to be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with our initial business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination will be unsuccessful and that you will have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination will be unsuccessful will increase. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you will not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate, or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the completion window may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we have until 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or 27 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering but have not completed our initial business combination within such 24-month period. On December 23, 2022, we entered into a non-binding letter of intent that set forth the preliminary terms and conditions of a potential initial business combination consistent with our investment criteria, as a result of which we now have until May 12, 2023 to complete our initial business transaction. The initial exclusivity period contemplated by the non-binding letter of intent expired and the parties are no longer actively engaged in discussions regarding the potential initial business combination. We currently believe that it is unlikely that we will be able to negotiate and complete an initial business combination before May 12, 2023. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public shareholders or public warrant holders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of the NYSE. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent the purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Please see Item 1. Business Permitted Purchase of our Securities for a description of how our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. For example, we may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. Please see Item 1. Business Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with our initial business combination (including the release of funds to pay any amounts due to any public shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights in connection therewith), (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, or (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination, in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target businesses will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 If the funds available to us outside the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, including permitted withdrawals and loans or additional investments from our sponsor, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. If the funds available to us outside the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, this limitation could impact the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to make permitted withdrawals and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, as of December 31, 2022, only 332,764 was available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. If our other sources of working capital are insufficient, we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team or a third party to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain such loans, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business and we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. We could also be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors below. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues in relation to a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to consummate an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. To avoid that result, we may liquidate securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash. As a result, following such liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount that our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued the proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating to, among other items, disclosures in business combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies SPACs and private operating companies; the condensed financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a SPAC to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to the SPAC s initial public offering. Such SPAC would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to its initial public offering. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that has not entered into a definitive agreement within 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to its initial public offering or that has not consummated its initial business combination within 24 months after such date. We have not entered into a definitive business combination agreement within 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to our Initial Public Offering, and we also have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months of such date. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to consummate an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 The funds in the trust account have, since our Initial Public Offering, been held only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act), we may instruct Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the trust account, to liquidate the U.S. government securities or money market funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or liquidation. As a result, following such liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent public accountants) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization officially declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic. A significant outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and could potentially adversely affect the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. We may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry, sector or location. However, we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any securityholders who choose to remain securityholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such securityholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value of their securities. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. We may consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this annual report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors related to such acquisition. Accordingly, any securityholders who choose to remain securityholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such securityholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek business combination opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues, cash flows or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue additional ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of completion of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 180,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.00025 per share, 46,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0000625 per share, and 1,000,000 undesignated preferred shares, par value 0.00025 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 111,000,000 and 28,750,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account Class A ordinary shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants, or shares issuable upon conversion of Class B ordinary shares. Our Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of completion of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preferred shares issued and outstanding. Our Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. We may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of completion of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors; may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 
 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm. However, our shareholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our current officers may not remain in their positions following our business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants provided us with 690,000,000 (that we may use to complete our initial business combination (which includes 24,150,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account)). 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results, and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors to approve our initial business combination, which may have the effect of delaying or preventing a business combination that our public shareholders would consider favorable. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors. Accordingly, it is unlikely that we will be able to enter into an initial business combination unless our sponsor s members find the target and the business combination attractive. This may make it more difficult for us to approve and enter into an initial business combination than other blank check companies and could result in us not pursuing an acquisition target or other board or corporate action that our public shareholders would find favorable. In order to effectuate our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or other governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that some of our shareholders or warrant holders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their constitutional documents and modified governing instruments. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and changed industry focus. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in order to effectuate our initial business combination though amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their constitutional documents which prohibits the amendment of certain of its constitutional provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s shares. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions, including those related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders, as described herein), but excluding the provisions of the articles relating to the election or removal of directors and continuation of the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands, may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in a general meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares. Our sponsor, who beneficially owns 20 of our ordinary shares as of the date of this annual report, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner it chooses. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which governs our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within the completion window, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to make permitted withdrawals, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in the letter agreement, that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants prove to be insufficient for our initial business combination, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our business combination. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 The securities in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income not released to us, net of taxes payable. Negative interest rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that may be received by public shareholders. In addition, we are allowed to remove permitted withdrawals to pay our taxes; this means that even with a positive interest rate, most or all of the interest income may be withdrawn by us and not be available to fund our business combination or to be returned to investors upon a redemption. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, in which case the laws of such jurisdiction would govern some or all of our future material agreements, and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Our warrants included in the units, our Private Placement Warrants and any warrants issued to our sponsor upon conversion of loans will be accounted for as a liability and any change in value will be required to be reflected in quarterly and annual financial statements, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. On April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC (the SEC Staff issued together a statement regarding the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (the Staff Statement ). In the Staff Statement, the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to warrants included in units and Private Placement Warrants may result in the classification of these financial instruments as a liability as opposed to equity. We reviewed the Staff Statement and have been accounting for the 24,200,000 warrants issued in connection with our Initial Public Offering (including the 13,800,000 public warrants sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the 10,400,000 Private Placement Warrants) and any warrants issued to our Sponsor upon conversion of loans in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (ASC 815-40). Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we classify each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in our statement of operations and therefore our reported earnings. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a special purpose acquisition company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of SPACs that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for SPACs have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Risks Relating to Conflicts and Our Management Team Certain members of our management and board are required to present opportunities to Apollo prior to us, and we may not receive any opportunity to acquire a target business that would be attractive to us. Certain members of our management team and directors, including those who are affiliated with Apollo, have fiduciary duties or are subject to contractual obligations or policies and procedures that require them to present business opportunities that may be appropriate for one or more entities, including Apollo Funds, to the respective investment committees of such entities or funds prior to presenting such opportunities to us regardless of the capacity in which they are made aware of such opportunities. As a result, we may not receive any opportunity to acquire a target business that would be attractive to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and another entity, including any Apollo entity, about which any member of our management team or director acquires knowledge and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. We cannot guarantee that any opportunity that would be suitable for us will not be pursued by another entity, including Apollo or an Apollo Fund, or that any opportunity that is passed upon by such other entity will be referred to us in a timely manner or at all. Apollo may choose not to refer certain opportunities to us due to reputational interests, financial interests, confidentiality concerns, legal, regulatory, tax and any other interests or considerations relevant to Apollo, its clients and their respective portfolio companies. Apollo, together with its clients, engages in a broad range of business activities and invests in a broad range of businesses and assets. Apollo takes into account interests of its affiliates, clients and each of their respective portfolio companies (including reputational interests, financial interests, confidentiality concerns, legal, regulatory, tax and any other interests or considerations that arise from time to time) when determining whether to pursue (or how to structure) a potential transaction or investment opportunity. As a result, it is possible that Apollo may choose not to refer a business opportunity to us or that members of our management or directors who are affiliated with Apollo may choose not to pursue an opportunity notwithstanding that such opportunity would be attractive to us due to the reputational, financial, confidentiality, legal, regulatory, tax and/or other interests or considerations of Apollo and its affiliates. We are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers or their removal could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. These conflicts of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, all of our officers and certain of our directors are also employed by Apollo, which is an investment manager to various private investment funds, partnerships and accounts which may make investments in companies that we may target for our initial business combination. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer also serve in those roles for Acropolis Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. Acropolis ), a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in July 2021. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. In addition, we may be precluded from opportunities because they are being pursued by Apollo or Apollo Funds and they may outperform any business we acquire. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. In particular, an affiliate of Apollo formed, and such affiliate, Mr. Patel and Mr. Crossen were previously engaged in, Apollo Strategic Growth Capital APSG I ), a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in October 2020 and completed its initial business combination in May 2022, and are actively engaged in, Acropolis, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in July 2021. In addition, an affiliate of Apollo formed, and such affiliate and Mr. Crossen were previously engaged in, Spartan Energy Acquisition Corp. Spartan I ), a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in August 2018 and completed its initial business combination in October 2020. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate and Mr. Crossen were previously engaged in, Spartan Energy Acquisition Corp. II Spartan II ), a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in November 2020, and completed its initial business combination in July 2021. An affiliate of Apollo also formed, and such affiliate and Mr. Crossen were previously engaged in, Spartan Energy Acquisition Corp. III Spartan III ), a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in February 2021 and completed its initial business combination in March 2022. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. To the extent a potential business opportunity may be appropriate for one or more Apollo Funds, such business opportunity will be presented to such other entities prior to presentation to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and another entity, including any Apollo entity, about which any member of our management team or director acquires knowledge and we will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. In addition, Apollo manages a significant number of Apollo Funds which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and if pursued by them we may be precluded from such opportunities. Investment ideas generated within Apollo and investment opportunities of which Apollo becomes aware may be suitable for both us and for Apollo and/or current or future Apollo Funds. Such investment ideas and opportunities will be presented by Apollo to such Apollo Funds prior to presentation to us; as a result, we may be precluded from such opportunities. Such opportunities may outperform any businesses we acquire. Neither Apollo nor members of our management team who are also employed by Apollo have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with one or more affiliates of Apollo, one or more Apollo Funds and/or one or more investors in the Apollo Funds. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. In addition, Apollo and its affiliates and certain of the Apollo Funds engage in the business of originating, underwriting, syndicating, acquiring and trading loans and debt securities of corporate and other borrowers, and may provide or participate in any debt financing arrangement in connection with any acquisition, financing or disposition of any target business that we may make. If Apollo or any of its affiliates or the Apollo Funds provides or participates in any such debt financing arrangement it may present a conflict of interest and will have to be approved under our related person transaction policy or by our independent directors. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed, and any persons who may become officers or directors prior to the initial business combination will agree, to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders. Our officers and directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. They may also have investments in target businesses. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Item 1. Business Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our obligation to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Moreover, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with one or more affiliates of Apollo, one or more Apollo Funds and/or one or more investors in the Apollo Funds. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the business combination by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. As of March 30, 2023, our sponsor owned an aggregate of 17,250,000 Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares will be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased 10,400,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 15,600,000, or 1.50 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. The Class B ordinary shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units, except that they automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein. However, the holders have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any Class B ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following our initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the end of the completion window nears. Risks Relating to Our Securities The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE. Although we expect to continue to meet NYSE listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 round lot holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we are required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our aggregate market value would be required to be at least 100,000,000, and the market value of our publicly held shares would be required to be at least 80,000,000. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

 42 

Table of Contents 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE, our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the state of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. Our investors are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us upon the completion of our initial business combination. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of up to approximately 18,300 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to elect directors. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings or elect directors. Until we hold an annual meeting of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 We have not registered Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We have not registered Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure investors that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that holders will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws, and there is no applicable exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which Class B ordinary shares are convertible, holders of our Private Placement Warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. Assuming the Class B ordinary shares convert on a one for one basis and no warrants are issued upon conversion of working capital loans, an aggregate of up to 17,250,000 Class A ordinary shares and up to 10,400,000 warrants are subject to registration under these agreements. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor, holders of our Private Placement Warrants, holders of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate our initial business combination. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the sum of our ordinary shares outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this annual report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, Apollo and its affiliates and certain of the Apollo Funds engage in the business of originating, underwriting, syndicating, acquiring and trading loans and debt securities of corporate and other borrowers, and may provide or participate in any debt financing arrangement in connection with any acquisition, financing or disposition of any target business that we may make. If Apollo or any of its affiliates or the Apollo Funds provides or participates in any such debt financing arrangement it may present a conflict of interest and will have to be approved under our related person transaction policy or by our independent directors. Our sponsor will control the election and removal of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and holds a substantial interest in us. As a result, it will elect all of our directors and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. As of the date of this annual report, our sponsor owned 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. In addition, the Class B ordinary shares, all of which are now held by our sponsor, (i) entitle the holders to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and (ii) in respect of any vote or votes to continue the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational documents of the company in such other jurisdiction), which requires the approval of at least two-thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares, entitle the holders to ten votes for every Class B ordinary share. Holders of our public shares will have no right to vote on the election or removal of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the election or removal of directors or our continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. As a result of its substantial ownership in our company, our sponsor may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of major corporate transactions. If our sponsor purchases any additional ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its influence over these actions. Accordingly, our sponsor will exert significant influence over actions requiring a shareholder vote at least until the completion of our initial business combination. Anti-dilution provisions of the Class B ordinary shares and other securities may result in additional dilution to holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Our sponsor acquired the Class B ordinary shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to the dilution of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B ordinary shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of completion of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public shareholders seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the Class B ordinary shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Please see Item 1. Business Permitted Purchases of our Securities. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem issued and outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if, among other things, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the issued and outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefore at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the issued and outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share. In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Our management s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this annual report have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant (including any warrants held by our sponsor, officers, directors or their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company. Our warrants and Class B ordinary shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 13,800,000 Class A ordinary shares as part of the Units offered in the Initial Public Offering and we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 10,400,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. The Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and subject to further adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, it may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. To the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and Class B ordinary shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each unit contains one-fifth of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-fifth of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole warrants will trade. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-fifth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. Prior to the announcement of our initial business combination, our Class A ordinary shares may trade on the basis of market speculation, rumors and the track record of Apollo or any of its affiliates, Apollo Funds and our management team, which may not ultimately be reflective of the value of our Class A ordinary shares. We do not expect to respond to any market speculation or rumors regarding our pursuit of any target and do not expect to announce any potential target until we have signed a definitive agreement with it. In addition, the track record of Apollo or any of its affiliates, Apollo Funds and our management team, including the investments highlighted in our registration statement, are not necessarily indicative of the type, or performance, of any target with which we combine. Furthermore, once we announce our initial business combination, we may not immediately disclose all information that would be material to an investment decision in the target and such information remains subject to change until our shareholder meeting to approve the initial business combination or a tender offer in connection with the initial business combination. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing our initial business combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this annual report. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome for us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board, three-year director terms and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Risks Associated with our Status as a Foreign Entity Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted limited company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by statutory law and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. We may pursue a business combination with a target business in any geographic location. If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with difficult commercial and legal requirements of the overseas market; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; local or regional economic policies and market conditions; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; longer payment cycles; tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; corruption; protection of intellectual property; social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, including the conflict in Ukraine and the surrounding region; deterioration of political relations with the United States; and government appropriation of assets. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in non-U.S. regions fluctuates and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. General Risk Factors We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company established under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until completing a business combination. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination with us and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by Apollo, Apollo Funds, our management team, APSG I, Spartan I, Spartan II or Spartan III is not indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, Apollo, Apollo Funds, our management team, APSG I, Spartan I, Spartan II, and Spartan III is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by Apollo, Apollo Funds, our management team, APSG I, Spartan I, Spartan II or Spartan III is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of Apollo, Apollo Funds, our management team, APSG I, Spartan I, Spartan II or Spartan III s performance as indicative of our future performance or of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. Apollo and our officers and directors have had limited experience with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition companies in the past. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. holder (as defined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. holder may be subject to certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Additionally, even if we qualify for the start-up exception with respect to a given taxable year, there cannot be any assurance that we would not be a PFIC in other taxable years. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election with respect to their Class A ordinary shares, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would likely be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our Class A ordinary shares and warrants. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. Our initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. Although we will attempt to structure our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to any requisite shareholder approval, we may structure our business combination in a manner that requires shareholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes, effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a shareholder or a warrant holder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of the shares received. In addition, shareholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. In addition, we may effect a business combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States, and possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 We employ a mail forwarding service, which may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner. Mail addressed to the company and received at its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by company to be dealt with. None of the company, its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address, which may impair your ability to communicate with us. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. Our executive offices are located at 9 West 57 th Street, 42 nd Floor, New York, NY 10019, and our telephone number is (212) 515-3200. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 16,667 per month, for up to 27 months, we pay to our sponsor for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information. Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are traded on the NYSE under the symbols APGB.U , APGB and APGB WS , respectively. Holders Although there are a larger number of beneficial owners, at March 30, 2023, there was 1 holder of record of our Units, 1 holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary shares and 1 holder of record of our separately traded warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any other stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings On February 12, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 69,000,000 Units, including the issuance of 9,000,000 Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their Over-Allotment Option. The Units sold in the Initial Public Offering were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 690,000,000. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Barclays Capital Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC acted as joint bookrunners of the offering. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-251920). The registration statement was declared effective on February 9, 2021. Simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 10,400,000 Private Placement Warrants to our sponsor at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of 15,600,000. The issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of an initial business combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. We paid a total of 13,800,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and 1,115,920 for other costs and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer up to 24,150,000. Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering, the full exercise of the Over-Allotment Option and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, 690,000,000 was placed in the trust account established in connection with the Initial Public Offering. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 The Company incurred approximately 39,066,690 of offering costs in connection with the Initial Public Offering, including 13,800,000 of underwriting fees, 24,150,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 1,116,690 of other costs. In addition, 1,494,398 of costs were allocated to the public warrants and Private Placement Warrants and were included in the statement of operations as a component of other income/(expense). There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the Initial Public Offering as described in our final prospectus dated February 11, 2021, which was filed with the SEC. Item 6. [Reserved]. Not required. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this annual report including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this annual report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this annual report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Overview We are a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this annual report as our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. The issuance of additional ordinary shares in connection with a business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; may subordinate the rights of holders of our ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

 57 

Table of Contents 
 Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. Non-Binding Letter of Intent As previously disclosed, on December 23, 2022, we entered into a non-binding letter of intent that set forth the preliminary terms and conditions of a potential initial business combination consistent with our investment criteria, as a result of which we now have until May 12, 2023 to complete our initial business combination. The initial exclusivity period contemplated by the non-binding letter of intent expired and the parties are no longer actively engaged in discussions regarding the potential initial business combination. We currently believe that it is unlikely that we will be able to negotiate and complete an initial business combination before May 12, 2023. Preliminary Proxy Statement On March 27, 2023, we filed a preliminary proxy statement relating to certain potential amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering and, after our Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for our business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents on marketable securities held in the trust account. We are incurring expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses for due diligence on prospective business combination candidates. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 25,699,597, which consists of a gain in fair value of the derivative warrant liabilities of 19,633,469 and investment income earned on investments held in the trust account of 10,135,232, offset by operating costs of 4,041,905 and interest expense of 27,199. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of 11,227,329, which consists of a gain in fair value of the derivative warrant liabilities of 18,890,991 and investment income earned on investments held in the trust account of 68,886, offset by operating costs of 6,236,021, warrant-related expenses of 1,494,398 and interest expense of 2,129. Liquidity and Capital Resources We do not have sufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated obligations over the next year from the date of issuance of the financial statements included in our annual report. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , our management has determined that if we are unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination, the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Our management has determined that we have access to funds from the sponsor that are sufficient to fund our working capital needs until a potential business combination or up to the mandatory liquidation as stipulated in our amended and restated memorandum of association. The financial statements included in our annual report have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, which contemplate our continuation as a going concern. On February 12, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 69,000,000 Units, including the issuance of 9,000,000 Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their Over-Allotment Option. The Units sold in the Initial Public Offering were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 690,000,000. Simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 10,400,000 Private Placement Warrants to our sponsor at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of 15,600,000. Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 12, 2021, the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering of 690,000,000 were held in cash and subsequently invested in U.S. government securities. On March 1, 2021, our sponsor executed a promissory note (the March Note with a principal amount of 1,500,000. The March Note bears interest at a rate of 0.11 per annum and is payable on the earlier of an initial business combination or the liquidation of the Company. On March 1, 2021, the Company borrowed 1,500,000 pursuant to the March Note and 1,500,000 remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Up to 1,500,000 of the March Note may be convertible into warrants identical to the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. On September 14, 2021, our sponsor executed a promissory note (the September Note with a principal amount of 1,500,000. The September Note bears interest at a rate of 0.17 per annum and is payable on the earlier of an initial business combination or the liquidation of the Company. On September 14, 2021, the Company borrowed 1,500,000 pursuant to the September Note and 1,500,000 remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On May 9, 2022, our sponsor executed a promissory note (the May Note with a principal amount of 1,000,000. The May Note bears interest at a rate of 1.40 per annum and is payable on the earlier of an initial business combination or the liquidation of the Company. On May 9, 2022, the Company borrowed 1,000,000 pursuant to the May Note and 1,000,000 remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 On June 8, 2022, our sponsor executed a promissory note (the June Note with a principal amount of 1,000,000. The June Note bears interest at a rate of 1.68 per annum and is payable on the earlier of an initial business combination or the liquidation of the Company. On June 8, 2022, the Company borrowed 1,000,000 pursuant to the June Note and 1,000,000 remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had marketable securities held in the trust account of 700,204,118 (including approximately 10,135,232 of interest income) and 690,068,886 (including approximately 68,886 of interest income), respectively, consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we withdrew 0 of interest earned on the trust account. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 2,871,753. Net income of 25,699,597 was affected by a gain in fair value of derivative liabilities of 19,633,469, investment income earned on investments held in the trust account of 10,135,232, and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided 1,197,351 of cash from operating activities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 2,072,274. Net income of 11,227,329 was affected by a gain in fair value of derivative liabilities of 18,890,991, the excess fair value of the derivative warrants over the proceeds received of 4,680,000, investment income earned on investments held in the trust account of 68,886, and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided 4,165,876 of cash from operating activities. In addition, costs of 1,494,398 were allocated to the public warrants and Private Placement Warrants and were included in the statements of operations as a component of other income/(expense). We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to make permitted withdrawals. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. To the extent that our capital shares or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash of 332,764 and 1,204,517, respectively, held outside the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that an initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants identical to the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 If our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Off-balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of our sponso r a monthly fee of 16,667, for office space, administrative and support services. We began incurring these fees on February 10, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly for up to 27 months until the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of 24,150,000. The deferred fee will be waived by the underwriters in the event that we do not complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies Accounting policies, methods and estimates are an integral part of the financial statements prepared by management and are based upon management s current judgments. These judgments are normally based on knowledge and experience regarding past and current events and assumptions about future events. Certain accounting policies, methods and estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to the financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting them may differ from management s current judgments. While there are a number of accounting policies, methods and estimates that affect our financial statements, the areas that are particularly significant include use of estimates; Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; net income (loss) per ordinary share; and the fair value of assets and liabilities. Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 to our financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the trust account, have been invested in U.S. government obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data This information appears following Item 15 of this annual report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer (our Certifying Officers evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for us. Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria specified in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Other than as described herein, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position Sanjay Patel 62 Chief Executive Officer and Director James Crossen 49 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Scott Kleinman 50 Executive Chairman of Board of Directors Angela Sun 48 Director Melvin Parker 55 Director Nathaniel Lipman 58 Director Sanjay Patel - Mr. Patel serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr. Patel is Partner and Vice-Chair, Apollo Capital Solutions at Apollo. He is currently a member of Apollo s Business Committee and was formerly Chairman International of Private Equity, Head of Europe and Managing Partner of Apollo European Principal Finance. He is currently a Director of Tegra Apparel and Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Acropolis. He previously also served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of APSG I. Mr. Patel joined Apollo in 2010 as Head of International Private Equity. Prior to Apollo, Mr. Patel was a partner at Goldman, Sachs Co., where he was co-head of European and Indian Private Equity for the Principal Investment Area (PIA), a member of the Goldman Sachs Partnership Committee and a member of the Investment Committee of the Goldman Sachs Foundation. Prior thereto, he was President of Greenwich Street Capital. Mr. Patel received his AB and SM engineering degrees, magna cum laude, from Harvard College and received his MBA degree from the Stanford Graduate School of Business, where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar. He was educated at Eton College in the UK, where he was a King s Scholar. We believe Mr. Patel s extensive financial background and expertise in investing in public and private companies makes him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. James Crossen - Mr. Crossen serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Crossen also serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of Acropolis. He was previously the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of APSG I, Spartan I, Spartan II and Spartan III. Mr. Crossen also serves as Chief Financial Officer for Private Equity, Real Assets and Insurance at Apollo, after having joined in 2010. Prior to that time, Mr. Crossen was a Controller at Roundtable Investment Partners LLC. Prior thereto, Mr. Crossen was a Controller at Fortress Investment Group. Prior to that time, Mr. Crossen was a member of the Funds Management and Tax Group at JP Morgan Partners LLC. Mr. Crossen is a Certified Public Accountant in New York. Mr. Crossen received his B.A. from the University of Connecticut. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Scott Kleinman - Mr. Kleinman serves as our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director. Mr. Kleinman is Co-President of Apollo Asset Management, Inc. AAM ), sharing responsibility for all of AAM s revenue-generating and investing business across its integrated alternative investment platform. Mr. Kleinman, who focuses on AAM s equity and opportunistic businesses, joined Apollo in 1996, and in 2009 he was named Lead Partner for Private Equity. Mr. Kleinman currently serves on the board of directors of Apollo Global Management, Inc., AAM, Athene Holding Ltd. and Athora Holding Ltd. Mr. Kleinman previously served on the board of directors of APSG I, Momentive Performance Materials, Hexion and Constellis Group. Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Kleinman was a member of the Investment Banking division at Smith Barney Inc. Mr. Kleinman received a B.A. and B.S. from the University of Pennsylvania and the Wharton School of Business, respectively, graduating magna cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa. In 2014, Mr. Kleinman founded the Kleinman Center for Energy Policy at the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Kleinman s extensive background in finance and business makes him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. Angela Sun - Ms. Sun serves as a director on our board of directors. Ms. Sun was Chief Operating Officer and Partner at Alpha Edison, a venture capital firm from 2019 until 2021. Prior to that, she spent ten years at Bloomberg LP, serving as Global Head of Strategy and Corporate Development and as Chief-of-Staff to Bloomberg s CEO. In her positions at Bloomberg, Ms. Sun led the company s largest transformation effort, M A, commercial partnerships, strategic planning, and new business developments across the media, financial products, enterprise and data businesses. Prior to joining Bloomberg LP, Ms. Sun was a Senior Policy Advisor in the Bloomberg Administration, where she oversaw a citywide portfolio of economic development agencies and led urban planning and real estate projects. Ms. Sun has also held various positions at the management consultancy McKinsey Company, at the investment bank J.P. Morgan, and at the Henry L. Stimson Center, a non-partisan international security and defense analysis think tank. Ms. Sun graduated summa cum laude from Harvard College and holds a J.D. from Harvard Law School. Ms. Sun currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Western Union Company (NYSE:WU), Cushman Wakefield (NYSE:CWK), Maxim Crane Works, L.P. and on a number of non-profit organizations in various capacities. We believe Ms. Sun s leadership, transformation and growth expertise makes her well qualified to be a member of our board of directors. Melvin Parker - Mr. Parker serves as a director on our board of directors. Since December 2017, Mr. Parker has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Take The Limits Off, LLC, a leadership development, executive coaching and business consulting firm. Mr. Parker has served as Managing Director for North America for Aggreko plc, the leading global provider of modular, mobile power and adjacent product solutions and as Senior Vice President and General Manager for Residential and Commercial Energy Solutions at Enphase Energy, Inc., a global energy technology company. Mr. Parker previously served as President of North America for the Brink s Company, a major provider of armored transportation services in North America. Before joining Brink s in 2012, Mr. Parker served as Vice President and General Manager of the North America Consumer and Small Business Division at Dell, Inc. From 1994 until 2009, he held numerous senior leadership roles at multiple Fortune 500 Companies, including PepsiCo., Corporate Express (Staples) and Newell Rubbermaid. Mr. Parker is a decorated combat veteran and graduate of the U.S. Army Ranger and Airborne School. He served with distinction in the 82nd Airborne Division at Fort Bragg, N.C. He currently serves as an independent director for Vectrus (NYSE/VEC) and COINSTAR. Mr. Parker received a Bachelor s degree in Computer Science from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. We believe Mr. Parker s extensive background in business, strategy, operations, technology and leadership management as a senior executive at a number of public companies in multiple growth industries makes him well qualified to be a member of our board of directors. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Nathaniel J. Lipman - Mr. Lipman serves as a director on our board of directors. Mr. Lipman served as Executive Chairman of CX Loyalty Holdings, Inc. (FKA Affinion Group Holdings, Inc.) from 2012 until November 2015, when he stepped down from that position, but continues to be actively involved as a Senior Advisor to the CEO. Prior to being named Executive Chairman, Mr. Lipman was named President and Chief Executive Officer in October 2005, when CX Loyalty was formed through the purchase of assets from Cendant Corporation by a coalition of certain selected management from the Cendant Marketing Services Division and Apollo Management L.P. Mr. Lipman joined Cendant in June 1999 as Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning. After a series of increasing responsibilities in business development and marketing, he was named President and CEO of Cendant s domestic membership business, Trilegiant, in 2002 and named President and CEO of the Cendant Marketing Services Division in April 2004. Mr. Lipman is also a member of the Board of Directors of Trusted Media Brands, Inc. and also serves on the Oversight and Audit Committees and chairs the Conflicts Committee of Apollo Aligned Alternatives, L.P. Previously, Mr. Lipman also served as a member of the Board of Directors of Diamond Resorts International, Inc. and Redbox Automated Holdings, LLC, Evertec, Inc., Exela Technologies, Inc., Walker Digital Holdings, LLC, RDA Holdings, Inc., Novitex Enterprises, Inc., Netmarket Group, Inc., Walker Innovation, Inc., and a Special Advisor to the Chairman of the Upside Travel Group, LLC where he was a Founding Member of the Board of Managers. Mr. Lipman also served as a Senior Advisor to FTD, LLC where he was Chairman of the Board of Directors as well as the Audit Committee and as an Observer to the Board of Directors of PLBY Group, Inc. Mr. Lipman received his B.A. from UC Berkeley in 1986 and his Juris Doctorate from UCLA in 1989. We believe Mr. Lipman s extensive background in finance and business makes him well qualified to be a member of our board of directors. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of five members. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Sanjay Patel and Scott Kleinman, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Angela Sun and Melvin Parker, will expire at the second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Nathaniel Lipman, will expire at the third annual meeting of shareholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Director Independence The NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that each of Angela Sun, Melvin Parker and Nathaniel Lipman are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled sessions at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE require that the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. The charter of each committee is available on our website. Audit Committee Angela Sun, Melvin Parker and Nathaniel Lipman serve as members of our audit committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Angela Sun, Melvin Parker and Nathaniel Lipman are independent. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Nathaniel Lipman serves as chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Nathaniel Lipman qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation Committee Angela Sun, Melvin Parker and Nathaniel Lipman serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Angela Sun, Melvin Parker and Nathaniel Lipman are independent. Melvin Parker serves as chair of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers; reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The members of our nominating and corporate governance are Angela Sun, Melvin Parker and Nathaniel Lipman. Angela Sun serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. The primary purposes of our nominating and corporate governance committee are to assist the board in: identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of shareholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; developing, recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. The nominating and corporate governance committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022 there were no delinquent filers. Code of Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of our Code of Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website. In addition, a copy of the Code of Conduct and Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Conduct and Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Corporate Governance Guidelines Our board of directors adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and presiding director, meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website. Conflicts of Interest Please see Item 1. Business Certain Potential Conflicts of Interest for a description of the potential conflicts of interests of our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We obtained a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed, and any persons who may become officers or directors prior to the initial business combination will agree, to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Item 11. Executive Compensation. On June 8, 2022, our compensation committee recommended, and our board of directors (through a special committee consisting of Scott Kleinman and Sanjay Patel) approved, changes in our compensation policy and arrangements for each of Mr. Lipman, Mr. Parker and Ms. Sun. Effective June 8, 2022, each of our independent directors, Mr. Lipman, Mr. Parker and Ms. Sun received for his or her respective service on the board of directors a one-time cash payment in the amount of 250,000, prorated should he or she not continue to serve on the board of directors during the entire period under consideration. None of our officers or other directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 16,667 per month, for up to 27 months, for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this annual report by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; each of our named executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this annual report. 

Class A ordinary shares Class B ordinary shares Number of Number of Approximate Shares Approximate Shares Approximate Percentage of Beneficially Percentage of Beneficially Percentage of Ordinary Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned Class Owned Class Shares APSG Sponsor II, L.P. (our sponsor) (2)(3) 17,250,000 100 20.00 Citadel Advisors LLC (4) 4,070,400 5.90 4.72 Marshall Wace LLP (5) 3,797,333 5.50 4.40 Sanjay Patel James Crossen Scott Kleinman Angela Sun Melvin Parker Nathaniel Lipman All directors and executive officers as a group (6 Individuals) 

 Less than 1 . (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 9 West 57th Street, 42nd Floor, New York, NY 10019. (2) Consist solely of Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. (3) Our sponsor is a Cayman Island exempted limited partnership managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Inc. AP Caps II Holdings GP, LLC Holdings GP is the general partner of our sponsor. Apollo Principal Holdings III, L.P. Principal III is the sole member of Holdings GP. Apollo Principal Holdings III GP, Ltd. Principal III GP serves as the general partner of Principal III. Messrs. Marc Rowan, Scott Kleinman and James Zelter are the directors of Principal III GP and as such may be deemed to have voting and dispositive control of the ordinary shares held of record by our sponsor. The address of our sponsor, Holdings GP, Principal III and Principal III GP is c/o Walkers Corporate Limited; 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9001, Cayman Islands. The address of each of Messrs. Rowan, Kleinman and Zelter is 9 West 57th Street, 42nd Floor, New York, New York 10019. (4) Based solely upon the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Citadel Advisors LLC, Citadel Advisors Holdings LP, Citadel GP LLC, Citadel Securities LLC, Citadel Securities Group LP, Citadel Securities GP LLC and Mr. Kenneth Griffin, each of whom share voting and dispositive power with respect to the reported shares shown above. The business address of such parties is Southeast Financial Center, 200 S. Biscayne Blvd., Suite 3300, Miami, Florida 33131. (5) Based solely upon the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Marshall Wace LLP. The business address of Marshall Wace LLP is George House, 131 Sloane Street, London, SW1X 9AT, United Kingdom. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,400,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.50 per warrant, in private placements in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the full exercise by the underwriters of their Over-Allotment Option. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants are subject to the transfer restrictions described below. In addition, the Private Placement Warrants will not be exercisable more than five years from February 9, 2021, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(G)(i), as long as our sponsor or any of its related persons beneficially own such Private Placement Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering. Our sponsor and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. Transfers of Class B ordinary shares and Private Placement Warrants The Class B ordinary shares, Private Placement Warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to the letter agreement entered into by our sponsor, directors, officers and us. This letter agreement provides that the Class B ordinary shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until the earlier of (x) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our business combination, the last sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The letter agreement provides that the Private Placement Warrants may not be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, in the event of (i) our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination, or (ii) the completion of a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stock holders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, the lock-up period shall terminate. However, in the case of clauses (a) through (f) below, such securities may be transferred during the lock-up period to certain permitted transferees, provided that they enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions. Permitted transfers include: (a) transfers to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members of our sponsor or their affiliates, or any affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, transfers by gift to members of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of one of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, transfers by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, transfers pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) transfers by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or our sponsor s operating agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor; and (f) transfers by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased. Permitted transferees are subject to the same written agreements as our sponsor, directors and officers with respect to (i) voting any Class B ordinary shares held by them in favor of the initial business combination, (ii) agreeing to not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the completion window and (iii) waiving their redemption rights and rights to liquidating distributions. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Registration Rights The holders of the Class B ordinary shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans have registration rights requiring us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. These holders are entitled to make up to one demand, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have piggyback registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us, subject to certain limitations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Apollo may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after February 9, 2021 and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. As of March 30, 2023, our sponsor owned an aggregate of 17,250,000 Class B ordinary shares. In January 2021, each of our three independent directors purchased 25,000 founder shares from our sponsor. In February 2021, we subdivided our authorized and outstanding founder shares and our sponsor surrendered 8,550,000 founder shares to continue to hold 14,300,000 founder shares while each of our independent directors surrendered 25,000 founder shares to continue to hold 25,000 founder shares. In February 2021, we also subdivided our authorized and outstanding founder shares and our sponsor surrendered 11,425,000 founder shares to continue to hold 17,175,000 founder shares while each of our independent directors surrendered 25,000 founder shares to continue to hold 25,000 shares. In June 2022, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 75,000 founder shares from our independent directors. The Class B ordinary shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,400,000 Private Placement Warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per warrant in private placements in connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one whole Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. As described in Item 1. Business Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets and Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. The Company has agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 16,667 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support for up to 27 months commencing on February 10, 2021. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. In addition to these monthly fees, underwriting discounts and commissions, placement agent fees, initial purchaser fees or discounts, finder s fees, arrangement fees, commitment fees and transaction, structuring, consulting, advisory and management fees and similar fees may be paid by the company to Apollo, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination or following our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to Apollo, our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 On March 1, 2021, our sponsor executed the March Note with a principal amount of 1,500,000. The March Note bears interest at a rate of 0.11 per annum and is payable on the earlier of an initial business combination or the liquidation of the Company. On March 1, 2021, the Company borrowed 1,500,000 pursuant to the March Note and 1,500,000 remained outstanding as of December 31, 2021. Up to 1,500,000 of the March Note may be convertible into warrants identical to the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. On September 14, 2021, our sponsor executed the September Note with a principal amount of 1,500,000. The September Note bears interest at a rate of 0.17 per annum and is payable on the earlier of an initial business combination or the liquidation of the Company. On September 14, 2021, the Company borrowed 1,500,000 pursuant to the September Note. On May 9, 2022, our sponsor executed the May Note with a principal amount of 1,000,000. The May Note bears interest at a rate of 1.40 per annum and is payable on the earlier of an initial business combination or the liquidation of the Company. On May 9, 2022, the Company borrowed 1,000,000 pursuant to the May Note. On June 8, 2022, our sponsor executed the June Note with a principal amount of 1,000,000. The June Note bears interest at a rate of 1.68 per annum and is payable on the earlier of an initial business combination or the liquidation of the Company. On June 8, 2022, the Company borrowed 1,000,000 pursuant to the June Note. We paid 2,760,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions to Apollo Global Securities, LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the Over-Allotment Closing excluding 4,830,000 in deferred fees held in the trust account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials (as applicable) furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, which is described under the heading Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters Registration Rights. Related Party Policy Prior to the Initial Public Offering, we had not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above that occurred prior to the Initial Public Offering, were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 In connection with the Initial Public Offering, we adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Conduct and Ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we will not consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. There will be no restrictions on payments made to insiders. We expect that some or all of the following payments will be made to Apollo, our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination, other than from any permitted withdrawals: repayment of up to an aggregate of 750,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; reimbursement for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services provided to us by our sponsor, in an amount equal to 16,667 per month, for up to 27 months; underwriting discounts and commissions paid to Apollo Global Securities, LLC; underwriting discounts and commissions, placement agent fees, initial purchaser fees or discounts, finder s fees, arrangement fees, commitment fees and transaction, structuring, consulting, advisory and management fees and similar fees for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination; reimbursement of legal fees and expenses incurred by our sponsor, officers or directors in connection with our formation, the initial business combination and their services to us; reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination; and repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements have been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. These payments may be funded using the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not held in the trust account, permitted withdrawals or, upon completion of the initial business combination, from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account released to us in connection therewith. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Withum for services rendered. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 123,500 and 133,900, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Withum for audit related fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. Tax Fees . We did not pay Withum for tax fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. All Other Fees . We did not pay Withum for other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this annual report: 1. Financial Statements: See Index to Financial Statements at page F-1. (b) Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted for the reason that the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or that they are not required or are not applicable. (c) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report. 

Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251920)). 4.2 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251920)). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251920)). 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 4.5 Description of Securities of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022). 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, among the Company, its officers and directors and APSG Sponsor II, L.P. (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, among the Company, APSG Sponsor II, L.P. and certain security holders named therein (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 10.4 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 8, 2021, between the Company and APSG Sponsor II, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 10.5 Indemnification Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Registrant and Scott Kleinman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 10.6 Indemnification Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Registrant and Sanjay Patel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 10.7 Indemnification Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Registrant and James Crossen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 10.8 Indemnification Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Registrant and Angela Sun (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 10.9 Indemnification Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Registrant and Melvin Parker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 10.10 Indemnification Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Registrant and Nathaniel Lipman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 10.11 Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, between the Company and APSG Sponsor II, L.P. (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021). 10.12 Promissory Note, dated March 1, 2021, by and between the Company as the maker and APSG Sponsor II, L.P. as the payee. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 27, 2021). 10.13 Promissory Note, dated September 14, 2021, by and between the Company as the maker and APSG Sponsor II, L.P. as the payee. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A filed with the SEC on December 6, 2021). 10.14 Promissory Note, dated May 9, 2022, by and between the Company as the maker and APSG Sponsor II, L.P. as the payee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022). 10.15 Promissory Note, dated June 8, 2022, by and between the Company as the maker and APSG Sponsor II, L.P. as the payee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022). 10.16 Engagement Letter, dated June 8, 2022, between the Company and Nathaniel Lipman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022). 10.17 Engagement Letter, dated June 8, 2022, between the Company and Melvin Parker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022). 10.18 Engagement Letter, dated June 8, 2022, between the Company and Angela Sun (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101). 

 Filed herewith Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. Not applicable. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in New York City, New York, on the 30th day of March, 2023. 

APOLLO STRATEGIC GROWTH CAPITAL II By: /s/ James Crossen Name: James Crossen Title: Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Name Position Date /s/ Sanjay Patel Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 30, 2023 Sanjay Patel /s/ James Crossen Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 30, 2023 James Crossen /s/ Scott Kleinman Director March 30, 2023 Scott Kleinman /s/ Angela Sun Director March 30, 2023 Angela Sun /s/ Melvin Parker Director March 30, 2023 Melvin Parker /s/ Nathaniel Lipman Director March 30, 2023 Nathaniel Lipman 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO STRATEGIC GROWTH CAPITAL II INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-21 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II: Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to complete a business combination by May 12, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity concerns, date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. March 30, 2023 PCAOB ID Number 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO STRATEGIC GROWTH CAPITAL II (formerly known as APH I (Sub I), Ltd.) BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses Total current assets Investments held in Trust Account Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Notes payable - Sponsor Total current liabilities Derivative warrant liability Deferred underwriting compensation Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) Temporary equity: Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption shares at per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2021) Shareholders deficit: Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities, temporary equity and shareholders deficit See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO STRATEGIC GROWTH CAPITAL II (formerly known as APH I (Sub I), Ltd.) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 REVENUE EXPENSES Administrative fee - related party General and administrative TOTAL EXPENSES OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) Investment income earned on investment held in Trust Account Interest expense ) ) Transaction costs allocable to warrant liability ) Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) - NET Net income Weighted average number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income per Class A ordinary share Weighted average number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income per Class B ordinary share See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO STRATEGIC GROWTH CAPITAL II (formerly known as APH I (Sub I), Ltd.) STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class B Ordinary Additional Shares Paid-in Accumulated Total Shareholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity (Deficit) Balance as of January 1, 2021 ) Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount ) ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Remeasurement adjustment of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO STRATEGIC GROWTH CAPITAL II (formerly known as APH I (Sub I), Ltd.) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Investment income earned on investment held in Trust Account ) ) Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities ) ) Transaction costs allocable to warrant liability Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net Cash used in Operating Activities ) ) Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Cash deposited into Trust Account ) Net Cash used in Investing Activities ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Proceeds from sale of Units in Public Offering, net of underwriting fee Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants Proceeds from Sponsor note Repayment of advances from Sponsor ) Net Cash provided by Financing Activities Net change in cash ) Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: Deferred underwriters commission charged to temporary equity in connection with the Public Offering Deferred offering costs paid by related party Operating costs paid by related party See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 APOLLO STRATEGIC GROWTH CAPITAL II (formerly known as APH I (Sub I), Ltd.) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS units Units and, with respect to the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value per share included in the Units, the Public Shares ), including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. The Company s sponsor is APSG Sponsor II, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership (the Sponsor ). The Company intends to finance its Initial Business Combination with proceeds from the Public Offering and the private placement (see Note 4). Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the private placement, was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account (discussed below). The Sponsor purchased an aggregate of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants and together with the Public Warrants (as defined below) the Warrants at a purchase price of per warrant, or approximately in the aggregate, in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering (the Private Placement ). The transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company acting as trustee) and of Public Offering costs that were charged to temporary equity upon completion of the Public Offering. In addition, was allocated to the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants and were included in the statements of operations as a component of other income/(expenses). Cash of was held outside of the Trust Account on December 31, 2022, and is available for working capital purposes. As described in Note 6, the deferred underwriting fee payable is contingent upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination . In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a non-binding letter of intent that set forth the preliminary terms and conditions of a potential initial business combination consistent with the Company s investment criteria, as a result of which the Company now has until May 12, 2023, to complete its Initial Business Combination (the Completion Window ). The initial exclusivity period contemplated by the non-binding letter of intent expired and the parties are no longer actively engaged in discussions regarding the potential initial business combination. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 and were held in U.S. government securities, respectively, as specified above. The Company s fourth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay the Company s tax obligations (the Permitted Withdrawals ), and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses none of the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earliest of: (i) the completion of the Initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares sold in the Public Offering that have been properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s fourth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to affect the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem of such Public Shares if it has not consummated an Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window; or (iii) the redemption of of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. Initial Business Combination The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering, although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating an Initial Business Combination. The Initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value of at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the Initial Business Combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect an Initial Business Combination. The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for an Initial Business Combination, will either (i) seek shareholder approval of the Initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which shareholders may seek to redeem their Public Shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Initial Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest not previously released to the Company to make Permitted Withdrawals or (ii) provide shareholders with the opportunity to sell their Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest not previously released to the Company to make Permitted Withdrawals. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of the Initial Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their Public Shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek shareholder approval, unless a vote is required by law or under New York Stock Exchange NYSE rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, it will complete its Initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the Initial Business Combination. In the event that the redemption of the Company s Public Shares would cause its net tangible assets to be less than , the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors (the Board ), dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 5) held by them if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window. However, if the Sponsor or any of the Company s directors, officers or affiliates acquires Class A ordinary shares in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time period. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company after an Initial Business Combination, the Company s shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of ordinary share, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. The Company s shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that the Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Going Concern Considerations, Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have sufficient liquidity to meet its future obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of approximately million, current liabilities of approximately million and cash of . The Company does not have sufficient liquidity to meet its anticipated obligations over the next year from the date of issuance of these financial statements. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unsuccessful in consummating an Initial Business Combination, the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution along with the liquidity concerns raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Management has determined that the Company has access to funds from the Sponsor that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until a potential business combination or up to the mandatory liquidation as stipulated in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Board dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. The Company had cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. . Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. consist principally of costs incurred in connection with formation and preparation for the Public Offering. These costs, together with the underwriter discount of , were charged to temporary equity upon completion of the Public Offering. Of these costs, amounts allocated to the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants totaling were included in the statements of operations as a component of other income (expenses). 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. Effective with the closing of the Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Class A ordinary shares reflected in the balance sheets are reconciled in the following table: Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Class A ordinary shares issuance costs ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption December 31, 2021 Remeasurement adjustment of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption December 31, 2022 unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 Units at a purchase price of per Unit, including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), and one -fifth of redeemable warrant of the Company (each whole warrant, a Public Warrant ), with each Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will be worthless. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination. shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value per share, were outstanding (the Founder Shares ). In February 2021, the Company subdivided its authorized and outstanding Founder Shares, resulting in shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The share amounts have been retroactively restated to account for the share split. The Founder Shares represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Units if the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full, and therefore that such Founder Shares would represent of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Public Offering. The holders of the Founder Shares agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the Initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after the Initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. In January 2020, Founder Shares were purchased by each of the Company s independent directors at a purchase price of per share. The independent directors paid in the aggregate for shares. On February 3, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered Founder Shares to continue to hold Founder Shares and each of the Company s independent directors surrendered Founder Shares to continue to hold Founder Shares. On February 12, 2021, the Company also subdivided its authorized and outstanding Founder Shares and the Sponsor surrendered Founder Shares to continue to hold Founder Shares while each of the Company s independent directors surrendered Founder Shares to continue to hold shares. In June 2022, each of the Company s independent directors sold Founder Shares to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per share. The Sponsor paid in the aggregate for shares. As a result, the Sponsor currently holds shares while the Company s independent directors no longer hold any Founder Shares. Related Party Loans On December 28, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Public Offering pursuant to an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note ). This Promissory Note bore interest at a rate of per annum and was payable on September 30, 2021. The Company did not borrow on the Promissory Note and the Promissory Note expired upon the closing of the Public Offering on February 12, 2021. On March 1, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Public Offering pursuant to an unsecured promissory note (the March Note ). The March Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and is payable on the date of an Initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance under the March Note was . Up to of the March Note may be convertible into warrants identical to the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. On September 14, 2021, the Sponsor executed an unsecured promissory note (the September Note to loan the Company an aggregate principal amount of . The September Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and is payable on the earlier of an Initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance on the September Note was . On May 9, 2022, the Sponsor executed an unsecured promissory note (the May Note to loan the Company an aggregate principal amount of . The May Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and is payable on the earlier of an Initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the May Note was . On June 8, 2022, the Sponsor executed an unsecured promissory note (the June Note to loan the Company an aggregate principal amount of . The June Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and is payable on the earlier of an Initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the June Note was . 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants. The Company did t have any outstanding balance on the Working Capital Loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Advances from Related Parties Affiliates of the Sponsor (the Related Parties paid certain administrative expenses and offering costs on behalf of the Company. These advances are due on demand and are non-interest bearing. From time to time, the Related Parties pay operating costs and other expenses on behalf of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Related Parties paid and of offering costs and other expenses on behalf of the Company, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts due to the Related Parties. Administrative Service Fee Commencing on the date the Units were first listed on the NYSE, the Company entered into an agreement with the Sponsor and has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support for up to months. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and pursuant to this agreement, respectively. -day option from the date of the final prospectus to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters elected to exercise the over-allotment at closing. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 per unit, or , after the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, which was paid in the aggregate upon the closing of the Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to an underwriting discount of per unit, or in the aggregate, for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee becomes payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes an Initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement for the offering. preferred shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preferred shares issued or outstanding. Ordinary Shares The authorized ordinary shares of the Company include up to Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. If the Company enters into an Initial Business Combination, it may (depending on the terms of such an Initial Business Combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which the Company is authorized to issue at the same time as the Company s shareholders vote on the Initial Business Combination to the extent the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with the Initial Business Combination. Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each ordinary share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption that were classified as temporary equity in the accompanying balance sheets. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of completion of the Initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share splits, dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Public Offering and related to the closing of the Initial Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 after the completion of an Initial Business Combination or (b) from the closing of the Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen ) business days after the closing of an Initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company s Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under the Securities Act, the Company, at its option, may require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of an Initial Business Combination or earlier upon the Company s redemption or liquidation. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Company may redeem the Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; if, and only if, the last reported closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day trading period referred to above. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such Warrants. Accordingly, the Warrants may expire worthless. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 Warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering and concurrent Private Placement (including Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each Warrant must be recorded as a liability. Upon issuance of the derivative warrants the Company recorded a liability of on the balance sheet. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record a derivative liability upon the closing of the Public Offering. Accordingly, the Company classifies each Warrant as a liability at its fair value and the Warrants will be allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Units equal to its fair value determined by the Monte Carlo simulation up until separation for the Public Warrants (subsequent to separation, the Public Warrants are valued using the publicly available trading price). The Private Placement Warrants are valued using the Public Warrant quoted market price. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. As of December 31, 2021, the Private Placement Warrants were valued using a modified Black-Scholes model. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statements of operations. The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the Warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 Liabilities: Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 2 Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 3 Warrant Liability Public Warrants 1 The Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within liabilities on the balance sheet. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of derivative warrants in the statements of operations. Upon consummation of the Public Offering, the Company used a Monte Carlo simulation model to value the Public Warrants and a modified Black-Scholes model to value the Private Placement Warrants. At the initial measurement date, the Warrants were classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Public Warrants were valued using the publicly available price for the Warrants and are classified as Level 1 on the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2021, the Company used a modified Black-Scholes model to value the Private Placement Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are classified as Level 3 on the fair value hierarchy. The Company relied upon the implied volatility of the Public Warrants and the closing stock price to estimate the volatility for the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, the Private Placement Warrants were valued using the Public Warrant quoted market price and are classified as Level 2 on the fair value hierarchy. The table below provides a summary of the changes in fair value, including net transfers in and/or out, of all financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Derivative liabilities recorded on issuance of derivative warrants Transfer to Level 1 ) Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Transfer of Private Placement Warrants to Level 2 measurement ) Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ) Balance, December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the derivative feature of the Private Placement Warrants was calculated using the following weighted average assumptions: Expected life years years Expected volatility of underlying shares Dividends 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the derivative liability was and , respectively. In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and , respectively, as a gain on the change in fair value of the derivative warrants on the statements of operations. Upon issuance of the Private Placement Warrants, the Company recorded a loss of for the excess fair value of the derivative warrants over the proceeds received from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants which is included in the change in fair value of the derivative liabilities on the statements of operations. 
 F-21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 apgb-20211231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OR 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Sanjay Patel, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 30, 2023 

By: /s/ Sanjay Patel Sanjay Patel Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 apgb-20211231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OR 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, James Crossen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ James Crossen James Crossen Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 apgb-20211231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Sanjay Patel, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Sanjay Patel Sanjay Patel Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 apgb-20211231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Apollo Strategic Growth Capital II (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, James Crossen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ James Crossen James Crossen Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 apgb-20211231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 apgb-20211231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 apgb-20211231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 apgb-20211231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

