<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1599117_0001493152-23-009161.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9425594</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>270219</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1470391</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3034465</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2070155</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2358709</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009161.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327181338
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009161
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mentor Capital, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001599117
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTORS, NEC [6799]
		IRS NUMBER:				770395098
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55323
		FILM NUMBER:		23765728

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5964 CAMPUS COURT
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75093
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(760) 788-4700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5964 CAMPUS COURT
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75093

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009161.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: N/A 

Title
 of each class to be so registered 
 
 Trading
 Symbols (s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on 
 which
 each class is to be registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
 Stock 
 
 (Title
 of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Note
 Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act from their obligations under those Sections. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting Company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Yes

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Yes
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Yes
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes

At
June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value
of Common Shares held by non-affiliates of Mentor Capital, Inc. (based upon the closing sale price of such shares on OTCQB) was .
Shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and each person who owns more than 10 or more of the outstanding Common Stock
have been excluded because these persons may be deemed to be affiliates. The determination of affiliate status for the purpose of this
calculation is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

At
March 27, 2023, there were shares of Mentor Capital, Inc. s Common Stock outstanding and 11 shares of Series Q Preferred
Stock outstanding. 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 and Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act 1934, as amended. All statements contained in this report other than statements
of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, our business strategy and
plans, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, 
 will, estimate, continue, anticipate, seek, look, 
 hope, intend, expect, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that
we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations
and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.
For example, statements in this Form 10-K regarding the potential future impact of inflation, interest rate increases, tax increases,
recession, climate regulation, the COVID-19 outbreak, economic sanctions, cybersecurity risks, and the outbreak of war in Ukraine on
the Company s business and results of operations are forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are
not limited to, those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies Impact Related to COVID-19 and Global Economic
Factors: Moreover, due to our past investments in the cannabis-related industry or other industries, we may be subject to heightened
scrutiny and, as a result, our portfolio companies may be subject to additional laws, rules, regulations, and statutes. It is not possible
for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor,
or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may
make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Form 10-K may not occur
and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking
statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or
update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. 

All
references in this Form 10-K to the Company, Mentor, we, us, or our, 
are to Mentor Capital, Inc. 

2 

MENTOR
CAPITAL, INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 9 
 
 Item
 IB. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 15 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 15 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 15 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mines and Safety Disclosures. 
 16 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 16 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 17 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 18 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 29 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 30 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 30 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 30 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 31 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 32 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 36 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 38 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 39 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 39 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 40 

SIGNATURES 
 41 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Corporate
History and Background 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. Mentor or the Company ), which reincorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in September
2015, was founded as an investment partnership in Silicon Valley, California by the current CEO in 1985. The Company was originally incorporated
under the laws of the State of California in 1994 as Main Street Athletic Clubs, Inc. and operated a small chain of athletic clubs, a
trucking company, and food companies, among other things. On September 12, 1996, our Offering Statement was qualified pursuant to Regulation
A under Section 3(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 and on March 12, 1997 we began to trade publicly. In 1997, the Company changed its
name to Main Street AC, Inc. and merged with a group of approximately fifteen oil and gas partnerships which proved to be unsuccessful.
In 1998 we entered a Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization in the Northern District of California due to a need to decrease oil and gas
related debt in excess of asset value. 

As
we emerged from bankruptcy, the court allowed the original issuance of approximately 145 Million in warrants to the Company s
claimants and creditors. The warrants were in (4) four classes, have been reset to lower prices, and have been principally exercised
at 0.09, 0.11, 0.65, 1.00, 1.60, and 7.00 per share. The outstanding Series D warrants are exercisable at 1.60 per share, at which
price we may receive as much as 10 Million in warrant proceeds. The amount of proceeds received from exercised warrants may be limited
by the general status of the economy and the price per share of our regular shares of Common Stock. Warrant holders are more likely to
exercise warrants at 1.60 per warrant share if the shares of our Common Stock are priced above 1.60 per share. The longer the Company s
Common Stock share price is above 1.60, the more likely warrant holders will be willing to exercise their warrants. If the Common Stock
share price is less than 1.60 for a long period of time, the Company may also decide to lower the exercise price of outstanding warrants
to entice warrant holders to exercise their warrants and invest in the Company. The amount of potential funds received by the Company
from such exercises will decrease as the warrant exercise price decreases. 

On
February 9, 2015, in accordance with Section 1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code and the Company s Third Amended Plan of
Reorganization Plan of Reorganization ), the Company announced a minimum 30 day partial redemption of up to 1 of the already
outstanding Series D warrants to provide for the court specified redemption mechanism for warrants not exercised timely by the original
holder or their estates. Company designees that applied during the 30 days paid 10 cents per warrant to redeem the warrant and then exercised
the Series D warrant to purchase a share of the Company s Common Stock at the court specified formula of not more than one-half
of the closing bid price on the day preceding the 30 day exercise period. In successive months, the authorized partial warrant redemption
amount was recalculated, and the redemption offer repeated according to the court formula. In the Company s October 7, 2016 press
release, Mentor stated that the 1 redemptions which were formerly priced on a calendar month schedule would subsequently be initiated
and priced on a random date schedule after the prior 1 redemption was completed to prevent potential third-party manipulation of share
prices at month-end. The periodic partial redemptions could continue to be recalculated and repeated until such unexercised warrants
are exhausted, or the partial redemption is otherwise paused or truncated by the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
no warrants were redeemed. 

The
Bankruptcy Court approved Plan of Reorganization allows all the warrants and shares that are issued upon exercise of the warrants to
trade freely under an exemption provided by Section 1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. We received an SEC No Comment 
letter and our Plan of Reorganization was confirmed January 11, 2000. The SEC s letter is not and should not be interpreted as
approval of the Company s Disclosure Statement or Plan of Reorganization. 

Recent
Developments 

Currently,
our general business operations are intended to provide management consultation and headquarters functions, especially with regard to
accounting and audits, for our majority-owned subsidiaries, which makes up most of our holdings. We monitor our less than majority positions
for value and investment security. Management also spends considerable effort reviewing possible acquisition candidates on an ongoing
basis. 

4 

In
2009, the Company began focusing its investing activities in leading-edge cancer companies. In early 2013, in response to government
limitations on reimbursement for highly technical and expensive cancer treatments, and a resulting business decline in the cancer immunotherapy
sector, the Company decided to exit that space. On August 29, 2013, the Company began to divest of its cancer assets and focus future
investments in the medical marijuana and cannabis sector. The Company has since expanded its target industry focus which now includes
energy, manufacturing, and management services with the goal of ensuring increased market opportunities for investment. 

Electrum
Partners, LLC 

On
November 18, 2022, following the filing of a declaratory relief action, Mentor received 459,990 from Electrum Partners, LLC Electrum in consolidated settlement of one equity, one recovery purchase, and two secured capital agreements, which were accounted for as set
forth hereinbelow. Prior to the settlement, the Company had an equity interest in Electrum which was carried at cost of 194,028 at September
30, 2022 and 194,028 at December 31, 2021, respectively. On November 18, 2022, Electrum repaid 63,324 to the Company pursuant to a
certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, following the Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum
and the escrow agent in the County of San Mateo. The Company had 0 and 6,198 Electrum membership interest units and a 0 and 6.69 equity
interest in Electrum at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
October 30, 2018, the Company entered into a Recovery Purchase Agreement with Electrum to purchase a portion of Electrum s potential
recovery in its legal action captioned Electrum Partners, LLC, Plaintiff, and Aurora Cannabis Inc., Defendant, in the Supreme
Court of British Columbia Litigation ). As of September 30, 2022, and December 31, 2021, Mentor had provided 196,666 and
 196,666, respectively, in capital for payment of Litigation costs. In exchange, after repayment to Mentor of all funds invested for
payment of Litigation costs, Mentor was to receive 19 of anything of value received by Electrum as a result of the Litigation Recovery ).
On November 18, 2022, Electrum repaid 196,666 to the Company pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual
Release, following the filing of the Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent in the County of
San Mateo. 

On
October 31, 2018, Mentor entered into a secured Capital Agreement with Electrum and invested an additional 100,000 in Electrum. Under
the Capital Agreement, on the payment date, Electrum will pay Mentor the sum of (i) 100,000, (ii) ten percent (10 of the Recovery,
and (iii) 0.083334 of the Recovery for each full month from October 31, 2018 to the payment date for each full month that 833 is not
paid to Mentor. The payment date for the Capital Agreement was the earlier of November 1, 2021, or the final resolution of the Litigation.
Due to the coronavirus and the resulting delay in the trial date of the Litigation, on November 1, 2021 the parties amended the October
31, 2018 Capital Agreement for the purpose of extending the payment to the earlier of November 1, 2023, or the final resolution of the
Litigation and increasing the monthly payment payable by Electrum to 834. On November 18, 2022, Electrum repaid 100,000 to the Company
pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, following the filing of the Company s October
21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent in the County of San Mateo. 

On
January 28, 2019, the Company entered into a second secured Capital Agreement with Electrum and invested an additional 100,000 in Electrum
with payment terms similar to the October 31, 2018 Capital Agreement. On November 1, 2021, the parties also amended the January 28, 2019
Capital Agreement to extend the payment date to the earlier of November 1, 2023, or the final resolution of the Litigation and increasing
the monthly payment payable by Electrum to 834. As part of the January 28, 2019 Capital Agreement, Mentor was granted an option to convert
its 6,198 membership interests in Electrum into a cash payment of 194,028 plus an additional 19.4 of the Recovery. Under the Security
Agreement, all liabilities and investments owed to Mentor from Electrum were secured by all of the tangible and intangible assets of
Electrum. On November 18, 2022, Electrum repaid 100,000 to the Company pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement
and Mutual Release, following the filing of the Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent in the
County of San Mateo. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Mentor
IP, LLC 

On
April 18, 2016, the Company formed Mentor IP, LLC MCIP ), a South Dakota limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary
of Mentor. MCIP was formed to hold interests related to patent rights obtained on April 4, 2016, when Mentor Capital, Inc. entered into
that certain Larson - Mentor Capital, Inc. Patent and License Fee Facility with Agreement Provisions for an 80 / 20 
Domestic Economic Interest 50 / 50 Foreign Economic Interest with R. L. Larson and Larson Capital, LLC MCIP
Agreement ). Pursuant to the MCIP Agreement, MCIP obtained rights to an international patent application for foreign THC and CBD
cannabis vape pens under the provisions of the Patent Cooperation Treaty of 1970, as amended. R. L. Larson continued its efforts to obtain
exclusive licensing rights in the United States for THC and CBD vape pens for various THC and CBD percentage ranges and concentrations.
Activity in has been limited to payment of patent application maintenance fees in Canada. On January 21, 2020, the United States Patent
and Trademark Office granted a Notice of Allowance for the United States patent application and on May 5, 2020, the United States patent
was issued. On June 29, 2020, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office granted a Notice of Allowance for the Canada patent and on September
22, 2020, the Canadian patent was issued. Patent application national phase maintenance fees were expensed when paid and there were no
assets related to MCIP patents represented on the consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

5 

NeuCourt,
Inc. 

On
November 22, 2017, the Company invested 25,000 in NeuCourt, Inc. NeuCourt as a convertible note receivable. The note
bore interest at 5 per annum, originally matured November 22, 2019, and was amended on November 7, 2019 to extend the maturity date
to November 22, 2021. No payments are required prior to maturity. However, at the time the November 22, 2017 note was initially extended,
interest accrued through November 4, 2019, was remitted to Mentor. As consideration for the initial extension of the maturity date for
the 25,000 note, a warrant to purchase up to 25,000 shares of NeuCourt common stock at 0.02 per share was issued to Mentor. On November
5, 2021, the parties amended the note to extend the November 22, 2021 maturity date to November 22, 2023. A warrant to purchase 27,630
shares of NeuCourt common stock at 0.02 per share was issued to Mentor in exchange for the extension of the maturity date. 

On
October 31, 2018, the Company invested an additional 50,000 as a convertible note receivable in NeuCourt, which bears interest at 5 ,
originally matured October 31, 2020, and was amended to extend the maturity date to October 31, 2022. As consideration for the extension
of the maturity date for the 50,000 note plus accrued interest of 5,132, a warrant to purchase up to 52,500 shares of NeuCourt common
stock at 0.02 per share was issued to Mentor. 

Principal
and unpaid interest on the Notes could have been converted into a blend of shares of a to-be-created series of Preferred Stock and Common
Stock of NeuCourt (i) on closing of a future financing round of at least 750,000, (ii) on the election of NeuCourt on maturity of the
Note, or (iii) on election of Mentor following NeuCourt s election to prepay the Note. On June 13, 2022, the Company sold 2,160.80
in note principal to a third party, thereby reducing the principal face value of the note to 47,839. 

On
July 15, 2022, the Company and NeuCourt entered into an Exchange Agreement by which Mentor exchanged the principal amount and all accrued
unpaid interest on the convertible notes for a Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE equal to the same, accumulated
amount. The SAFE will be reported at cost. 

On
July 22, 2022, the Company sold 989 of the SAFE Purchase Amount to a third party. On August 1, 2022, the Company sold an additional
 1,285 of the SAFE Purchase Amount to a third party, thereby reducing the aggregate outstanding SAFE Purchase Amount to 83,756. See
Note 7. 

Subsequent
to year end, on January 20, 2023, the Company and NeuCourt entered into a SAFE Purchase Agreement by which the Company invested an additional
 10,000 in the form of a NeuCourt Simple Agreement for Future Equity under the same terms as the previous July 15, 2022 SAFE Purchase
Agreement between NeuCourt and the Company. See Note 23. 

On
December 21, 2018, the Company purchased 500,000 shares of NeuCourt Common Stock for 10,000. This represents approximately 6.127 of
the issued and outstanding NeuCourt shares at December 31, 2022. NeuCourt is a Delaware corporation that is developing a technology that
is expected to be useful to the dispute resolution industry. 

G
FarmaLabs Limited 

On
March 17, 2017, the Company entered into a Notes Purchase Agreement with G FarmaLabs Limited, a Nevada corporation G Farma ),
with operations in Washington that had planned operations in California under two temporary licenses pending completion of its Desert
Hot Springs, California, location. Under the Agreement the Company purchased two secured promissory notes from G Farma in an aggregate
principal face amount of 500,000. Subsequent to the initial investment, the Company executed eight addenda. Addendum II through Addendum
VIII increased the aggregate principal face amount of the two notes to 1,100,000 and increased the combined monthly payments on the
notes to 10,239 per month beginning March 15, 2019 with a balloon payment on the notes of approximately 894,172 due at maturity. G
Farma had not made scheduled payments on the notes receivable since February 19, 2019 and the notes were fully reserved at December 31,
2022 and 2021. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. 

On
March 14, 2019, the Company was notified by G Farma that, on February 22, 2019, the City of Corona Building Department closed access
to G Farma s corporate location and posted a notice preventing entry to the facility. The notice cited unpermitted modifications
to electrical, mechanical, and plumbing, including all undetermined building modifications, as the reason for the closure. 

On
April 24, 2019, the Company was informed that certain G Farma assets at G Farma s corporate location, including equipment leased
to G Farma by Mentor Partner I, LLC valued at approximately 427,804, were impounded by the City of Corona on or around February 22,
2019. This event significantly impacted G Farma s financial position and its ability to make payments under the finance leases
receivable and notes receivable due to the Company. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. G Farma has not made scheduled
payments on the finance lease receivable or the notes receivable since February 19, 2019, and Company management feels it is unlikely
we will recover the full amounts due us. 

6 

In
2020, the Company repossessed leased equipment under G Farma s control with a cost of 622,670 and sold it to the highest offerors
for net proceeds of 348,734, after shipping and delivery costs. Net sales proceeds were applied against the finance lease receivable.
The remaining finance lease receivable balance of 803,399 and 803,399 is fully impaired at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. 

In
2019, we fully impaired G Farma notes receivable of 1,045,051, accrued interest of 28,680, and our investment in the G Farma contractual
interest in legal recovery of 600,002. The Company s equity investment in G Farma Entities, previously valued at 41,600, was
also impaired and reduced to 0. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, these investments remain fully impaired. 

On
May 28, 2019, Mentor Capital, Inc. and Mentor Partner I, LLC filed a complaint against the G Farma Entities and three guarantors to the
G Farma agreements, described herein and in Note 20, in the Superior Court of California in the County of Marin. The Company was primarily
seeking monetary damages for breach of the G Farma agreements, including promissory notes, leases, and other agreements, as well as actions
for an injunction to recover leased property, to recover collateral under a security agreement, and to collect from guarantors on the
agreements, among other things. 

On
January 22, 2020, the Court granted the Company s motion for writ of possession and preliminary injunction prohibiting defendants
from retaining control of or selling leased property. On January 31, 2020, all remaining equipment leased to G Farma by Mentor Partner
I which was not impounded by the Corona Police was repossessed by the Company and moved to storage under the Company s control.
All repossessed equipment was sold in 2020; see Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. 

On
July 2, 2020, Mentor Capital, Inc. and Mentor Partner I, LLC filed a motion for summary adjudication seeking judgment on four of its
sixteen causes of action related to breach of the Promissory Notes and the related guarantees. On November 4, 2020, the Court granted
Mentor Capital, Inc. s and Mentor Partner I s motion for summary adjudication as to all four causes of action: both causes
of action against G FarmaLabs Limited for breach of the two promissory notes totaling 1,166,570.62 and one cause of action against each
of Mr. Gonzalez and Ms. Gonzalez related to their duties as guarantors of G FarmaLabs Limited s obligations under the promissory
notes. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company and Mentor Partner I entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release with the G Farma Entities and
guarantors G Farma Settlors to resolve and settle all outstanding claims Settlement Agreement ). The Settlement
Agreement requires the G Farma Settlors to pay the Company an aggregate of 500,000 plus interest, payable monthly as follows: (i) 500
per month for 12 months beginning on September 5, 2021, (ii) 1,000 per month for 12 months beginning September 5, 2022, (iii) 2,000
per month for 12 months beginning September 5, 2023, and (iv) increasing by an additional 1,000 per month on each succeeding September
5th thereafter, until the settlement amount and accrued unpaid interest are paid in full. Interest on the unpaid balance shall initially
accrue at the rate of 4.25 per annum, commencing February 25, 2021, compounded monthly, and shall be adjusted on February 25th of each
year to equal the Prime Rate as published in the Wall Street Journal plus 1 . In the event that the G Farma Settlors fail to make any
monthly payment and have on two occasions not cured such default within 10 days of notice from the Company, the parties have stipulated
that an additional 2,000,000 should be added to the amount payable by the G Farma Settlors. 

On
October 12, 2021, the parties filed a Stipulation for Dismissal and Continued Jurisdiction with the Superior Court of California in the
County of Marin. The Court ordered that it retain jurisdiction over the parties under Section 664.6 of the California Code of Civil Procedure
to enforce the Settlement Agreement until the performance in full of its terms is met. 

In August 2022, September 2022, and October 2022,
the G Farma Settlors failed to make monthly payments, and failed to cure each default within 10 days notice from Company pursuant
to the Settlement Agreement. As a result, 2,000,000 should be added to the amount payable by the G Farma Settlors in accordance with
the terms of the Settlement Agreement. The Company is requesting that the stipulated judgment be entered against the G Farma Settlors
for (1) the remaining amount of the 500,000 settlement amount which has not yet been paid by the G Farma Settlors plus 2,000,000 and
all accrued unpaid interest, (2) the Company s incurred costs, and (3) attorneys fees paid by the Company to obtain the judgment. 

The
Company has retained the full reserve on unpaid notes receivable balance due to the long history of uncertain payments from G Farma.
Payments from G Farma will be recognized in Other Income as they are received. Recovery payments of 3,550 and 2,000 are included in
other income in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Payments received
are treated as recovery of bad debt and reported as other income in the consolidated income statements, see Notes 8 and 9. We will continue
to pursue collection from the G Farma Settlors over time. 

7 

Mentor
Partner I, LLC 

Mentor
Partner I, LLC Partner I was reorganized under the laws of the State of Texas in February 2021. The entity was originally
organized as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of California on September 19, 2017. Partner I was formed as a wholly
owned subsidiary of Mentor for the purpose of acquisition and investment. On September 25, 2020, a limited liability company named Mentor
Partner I, LLC Partner I Texas was organized under the laws of the State of Texas. A member-approved merger between Partner
I and Partner I Texas was approved by the California and Texas Secretaries of State, and became effective February 17, 2021, with Partner
I Texas as the surviving entity. In 2018, Mentor contributed 996,000 of capital to Partner I to facilitate the purchase of manufacturing
equipment to be leased from Partner I by G FarmaLabs Limited G Farma ), under a Master Equipment Lease Agreement dated
January 16, 2018, as amended. Partner I acquired and delivered manufacturing equipment as selected by G Farma Entities under sales-type
finance leases. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mentor withdrew capital of 0 and 52,800, respectively, from Partner
I. Partner I did not have any sales revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. Interest income recognized from Partner I
finance leases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 0 and 0, respectively. The finance leases resulting from this investment
have been fully impaired as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to circumstances described in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Mentor
Partner II, LLC 

Mentor
Partner II, LLC Partner II was reorganized under the laws of the State of Texas in February 2021. The entity was originally
organized as a limited liability under the laws of the State of California on February 1, 2018. Partner II was formed as a wholly owned
subsidiary of Mentor for the purpose of investing and acquisition. On September 25, 2020, a limited liability company named Mentor Partner
II, LLC Partner II Texas was organized under the laws of the State of Texas. A merger between Partner II and Partner
II Texas was approved by the California and Texas Secretaries of State, and became effective February 17, 2021, with Partner II Texas
as the surviving entity. On February 8, 2018, Mentor contributed 400,000 to Partner II to facilitate the purchase of manufacturing equipment
to be leased from Partner II by Pueblo West Organics, LLC Pueblo ), under a Master Equipment Lease Agreement, dated February
11, 2018. On March 12, 2019, Mentor agreed to use Partner II earnings of 61,368 to facilitate the purchase of additional manufacturing
equipment to Pueblo West under a Second Amendment to the lease. On September 27, 2022, Pueblo West exercised its lease prepayment option
and purchased the manufacturing equipment for 245,369. On September 28, 2022 Partner II transferred full title to the equipment to Pueblo
West. See Note 9 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mentor withdrew
capital of 326,893 and 124,281, respectively, from Partner II. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Partner II recognized
finance revenue of 37,659 and 40,764, respectively. 

TWG,
LLC 

On
October 4, 2022, the Company formed TWG, LLC TWG ), a Texas limited liability company, as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Mentor for in order to prepare to fulfill certain February 16, 2022 modification agreement performance obligations related to installment
payments the Company receives from a non-affiliated party. 

Overview 

The
Company continues to shift its target industry focus, to include energy, manufacturing, and management services. The Company goal is
ensuring increased market opportunities. Our general business operations are intended to provide management consultation and headquarters
functions, especially with regard to accounting and audits, for our larger investment targets and our majority-owned subsidiaries. We
monitor our smaller and less than majority positions for value and investment security. Management also spends considerable effort reviewing
possible acquisition candidates on an ongoing basis. 

Mentor
seeks to take significant positions in target companies to provide public market liquidity for founders, protection for investors, funding
for the companies, and to incubate private companies that Mentor believes to have significant potential. When Mentor takes a significant
position in its investees, it provides financial management when needed but leaves operating control in the hands of the company founders.
Retaining control, receiving greater liquidity, and working with an experienced organization to efficiently develop disclosures and compliance
that are similar to what is required of public companies are three potential key advantages to company founders working with Mentor Capital,
Inc. 

The
Company continually works to identify potential acquisitions and investments. While evaluating whether an acquisition may be in the best
interests of the Company and its shareholders, no transaction will be announced until that transaction is certain. 

8 

Competition 

We
face formidable competition in every aspect of our business. There are many companies that are interested in investing in target companies,
similar to our focus, energy, manufacturing, management services, many of which are well-funded companies. 

Employees 

Mentor
and its subsidiaries combined have 91 full-time employees. Mentor relocated its corporate office from Ramona, California, to Plano, Texas
in September 2020 and has 2 full-time employees. The corporate office employees rely heavily on outside CPA, payroll, tax, facilities,
corporate counsel, and other professional support to provide administrative support for WCI, MCIP, Partner I, Partner II, and TWG operations. 

WCI
has 66 full-time employees in Phoenix, Arizona, 19 full-time employees in San Antonio and Austin, Texas, 2 full-time employees in Houston,
Texas, and 2 full-time employees in Dallas, Texas. 

Available
Information About Registrant 

We
have voluntarily registered our securities under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and such registration became effective
January 19, 2015. Since that date, we have filed quarterly, annual, and current reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

The
SEC maintains an Internet site containing reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 

Our
periodic reports and other required disclosures are available at our company website located at: www.MentorCapital.com. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

In
addition to other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating
our business since it operates in a highly challenging and complex business environment that involves numerous risks, some of which are
beyond our control. The following discussion highlights a few of these risk factors, any one of which may have a significant adverse
impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

As
a result of the risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K, and the risks discussed in our Rule 15c2-11, previous quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, and other publicly disclosed submissions, actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking
statements. 

We
face significant risks, and the risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not know of or that
we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following
risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed, and the trading price of our Common
Stock could decline. 

9 

We
may not be able to continue as a going concern. 

Management
has noted certain financial conditions that raise substantial doubts about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we experienced significant operating losses, liquidity constraints, and negative cash
flows from operations. The Company may seek to recover unused funds from its affiliated entities, sell one or more investments that management
has determined are at the end of their lifecycle or no longer fit within the Company s desired focus, or raise additional capital
to fund its operations. If we are unable to make a return on our investments to generate positive cash flow and cannot obtain sufficient
capital from non-portfolio-related sources to fund operations and pay liabilities in a timely manner, we may have to cease our operations.
Securing additional sources of financing to enable us to continue investing in our target markets will be difficult, and there is no
assurance of our ability to secure such financing. A failure to obtain additional financing and generate positive cash flow from operations
could prevent us from making expenditures that are needed to pay current obligations, allow us to hire additional personnel, and continue
to seek out and invest in new companies. This leaves doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. However, the Company has
6,250,000 Series D warrants outstanding in which the Company can reset the exercise price below the current market price. Similarly,
the Company could, with Board and shareholder approval which might take some time, reverse split the stock to raise the stock price above
the warrant exercise price which may, when completed, place these warrants in the money . The warrants are specifically
not affected and do not split with the shares in the event of a reverse split, nor does the exercise price thereof change. These condensed
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from repricing the outstanding warrants. 

A
failure to obtain financing could prevent us from executing our business plan or operate as a going concern 

We
anticipate that current cash resources and opportunities will be sufficient for us to execute our business plan for one year after the
date these financial statements are issued. It is possible that if future financing is not obtained, we will not be able to operate as
a going concern. We believe that securing substantial additional sources of financing is possible, but there is no assurance of our ability
to secure such financing. A failure to obtain additional financing could prevent us from making necessary expenditures for advancement
and growth to partner with businesses and hire additional personnel. If we raise additional financing by selling equity, or convertible
debt securities, the relative equity ownership of our existing investors could be diluted, or the new investors could obtain terms more
favorable than previous investors. If we raise additional funds through debt financing, we could incur significant borrowing costs and
be subject to adverse consequences in the event of a default. 

Management
voluntarily transitioned to a fully reporting company and spends considerable time meeting the associated reporting obligations. 

Management
had operated Mentor Capital, Inc. as a non-reporting public company for over 25 years, and seven years ago voluntarily transitioned to
reporting company status subject to financial and other SEC-required disclosures. Prior to such voluntary transition, management had
not been required to prepare and make such required disclosures. As a reporting company, we may be subject to certain reporting requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing
requirements of a national securities exchange, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. The Exchange Act requires, among
other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating activities. Preparing and
filing periodic reports imposes a significant expense, time, and reporting burden upon management. This distraction can divert management
from its operation of the business to the detriment of core operations. Also, inadvertent improper reporting for any reason can result
in trading restrictions and other sanctions that may impair or even suspend trading in the Company s Common Stock. 

Investors
may suffer risk of dilution following exercise of warrants for cash. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had 22,941,357 outstanding shares of its Common Stock trading at approximately 0.045. As of the same
date, the Company also had 6,250,000 outstanding Series D warrants exercisable for shares of Common Stock at 1.60 per share. These Series
D warrants do not have a cashless exercise feature. The Company anticipates that the warrants may be increasingly exercised anytime the
per share price of the Company s Common Stock is greater than 1.60 per share. Exercise of these Series D warrants may result in
immediate and potentially substantial dilution to current holders of the Company s Common Stock. In addition, the Company has 413,512
outstanding Series H warrants with a per share exercise price of 7.00 held by an investment bank and its affiliates. These 7.00 Series
H warrants include a cashless exercise feature. Current and future shareholders may suffer dilution of their investment and equity ownership
if any of the warrant holders elect to exercise their warrants. 

10 

Beginning
on February 9, 2015, in accordance with Section 1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code and in accordance with the Company s
court-approved Plan of Reorganization, the Company announced that it would allow for partial redemption of up to 1 per month of the
outstanding Series D warrants to provide for the court specified redemption mechanism for warrants not exercised timely by the original
holder or their estates. On October 7, 2016, the Company announced that the 1 redemptions which were formerly priced on a calendar month
schedule would subsequently be initiated and priced on a random date schedule after the prior 1 redemption is complete to prevent potential
third-party manipulation of share prices during the pricing period at month-end. Company designees that apply during the redemption period
must pay 10 cents per warrant to redeem the warrants and then exercise the Series D warrant to purchase a share of the Company s
Common Stock at a maximum of one-half of the closing bid price on the day preceding the 1 partial redemption. The 1 partial redemption
may continue to be periodically recalculated and repeated according to the court formula until such unexercised warrants are exhausted,
or the partial redemption is otherwise suspended or truncated by the Company. Existing shareholders may suffer dilution if any warrants
are exercised as a result of the Company s partial redemption offering. There were no warrant redemptions in 2022 or 2021. 

We
have operated in a turbulent market populated by businesses that are highly volatile. 

The
U.S. market for cannabis products is highly volatile. While several of our investments were in cannabis-related entities and we believe
that it has been an exciting and growing market, many companies involved in cannabis products and services used to be involved in illegal
activities, some still are, and many of them operate in unconventional ways. Some of these differences which represent challenges to
us include not keeping appropriate financial records, inexperience with business contracts, not having access to customary business banking
or brokerage relationships, not having quality manufacturing relationships, and not having customary distribution arrangements. Any one
of these challenges, if questioned and not managed well, could materially adversely impact our business. To date, some of our investments
in cannabis-related businesses have not turned out well. 

Our
business model is to partner with or acquire other companies. 

We
do not manufacture or sell products or services. Rather, we aim to find businesses whose products, managers, technology, or other factors
we like and acquire or invest in those businesses. While we are open to investing in a diverse portfolio of entities across multiple
industries, there is no certainty that we will find suitable partners or that we will be able to engage in transactions on advantageous
terms with the partners we identify. There is also no certainty that we will be able to consummate a transaction on favorable terms or
any transaction at all. To date, several of our acquisitions/investments have not turned out well for us. 

11 

We
may have to work harder to introduce rigor in our transactions. 

Many
of the people and entities with whom we engage may not be used to operating in business transactions in a public environment. Therefore,
in order to discharge our fiduciary and disclosure obligations we may have to work harder to satisfy good business practices. Entities
and persons operating in private industry may be unaccustomed to entering into lengthy written agreements or keeping financial records
according to GAAP or reading or interpreting the tax and sales tax code conservatively. Additionally, entities and persons with whom
we engage may not pay particular attention to the obligations including their obligations associated with employee retention tax credit
and economic injury disaster loan programs with which they have agreed in written contracts. We have experienced or may experience differences
of this manner with several different entities with whom we do business, including several entities which failed to comply with common
law contractual obligations, which led us into litigation and other legal remedies. 

We
depend on our key personnel and may have difficulty attracting and retaining the skilled staff and outside professionals we need to execute
our growth plans. 

Our
success will be dependent largely upon the personal efforts of our Chief Executive Officer, Chet Billingsley. The loss of Mr. Billingsley
could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. Currently, we have two full-time employees, and we substantially
rely on the services provided by outside professionals. To execute our plans, we will have to retain our current employees and work with
outside professionals that we believe will help us achieve our goals. Competition for recruiting and retaining highly skilled employees
with technical, management, marketing, sales, product development, and other specialized training is intense. We may not be successful
in employing and retaining such qualified personnel. Specifically, we may experience increased costs in order to retain skilled employees.
If we are unable to retain experienced employees and the services of outside professionals as needed, we will be unable to execute our
business plan. 

Founder
and CEO Chet Billingsley, along with other members of the Company Board of Directors, have considerable control over the company through
their aggregate ownership of 14.38 of the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock on a fully diluted basis. 

As
of February 22, 2023, Mr. Billingsley owned approximately 8.16 of the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock on a fully
diluted basis. Together with other members of the Company s Board of Directors, management of the Company owns approximately 14.38 
of the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock on a fully diluted basis. Mr. Billingsley holds 2,047,274 Series D warrants,
exercisable at 1.60 per share. Robert Meyer, David Carlile, and Lori Stansfield, directors of the Company, hold an aggregate of 631,455
Series D warrants exercisable at 1.60 per share. Due to the large number of shares of Common Stock owned by Mr. Billingsley and the
directors of the Company, management has considerable ability to exercise control over the Company and matters submitted for shareholder
approval, including the election of directors and approval of any merger, consolidation or sale of substantially all of the assets of
the Company. Additionally, due to his position as CEO and Chairman of the Board, Mr. Billingsley has the ability to control the management
and affairs of the Company. The Company s directors and Mr. Billingsley owe a fiduciary duty to our shareholders and must act in
good faith in a manner each reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our shareholders. As shareholders, Mr. Billingsley and
the other directors are entitled to vote their shares in their own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our shareholders
generally. 

There
is a limited market for our Common Stock. 

Our
Common Stock is not listed on any exchange and trades on the OTC Markets OTCQB system. As such, the market for our Common Stock is limited
and is not regulated by the rules and regulations of any exchange. Several of our past investments were in cannabis-related businesses
which open us up to further scrutiny by brokers before they will accept our shares. Freely trading shares of even fully reporting OTCBQ
companies receive careful scrutiny by brokers who may require legal opinion letters, proof of consideration, medallion guarantees, or
expensive fee payments before accepting or declining share deposits. Further, the price of our Common Stock and its volume in the market
may be subject to wide fluctuations. Our stock price could decline regardless of our actual operating performance, and stockholders could
lose a substantial part of their investment as a result of industry or market-based fluctuations. Our stock may trade relatively thinly.
If a more active public market for our stock is not sustained, it may be difficult for stockholders to sell shares of our Common Stock.
Because we do not now pay cash dividends on our Common Stock, stockholders may not be able to receive a return on their shares unless
they are able to sell them. The market price of our Common Stock will likely fluctuate in response to a number of factors, including
but not limited to the following: 

sales, sales cycle, and market acceptance or rejection of our affiliates products; 

our ability to engage with partners who are successful in selling products; 

economic conditions within our markets; 

12 

the timing of announcements by us or our competitors of significant products, contracts or acquisitions or publicity regarding actual
or potential results or performance thereof; 

domestic and international economic, business, and political conditions; 

justified or unjustified adverse publicity; and 

proper or improper third-party short sales or other manipulation of our stock. 

We
have a long business and corporate existence. 

We
began in Silicon Valley in 1985 as a limited partnership and operated as Mentor Capital, LP until we incorporated as Main Street Athletic
Clubs, Inc. in California in 1994. We were privately owned until September 1996; at which time our Common Stock began trading on the
Over The Counter Pink Sheets. Our merger and acquisition and business development activities have spanned many business sectors, and
we went through a bankruptcy reorganization in 1998. In late 2015, we reincorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. We have
operated in several different industries over our existence but do not have brand recognition within any one industry. We are continuing
to diversify the types of entities with whom we are interested in partnering. 

General
Risk Factors 

Our
actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. 

This
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that relate to future events or future
financial performance. When used in this report, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believes, 
 anticipates, seeks, looks, hopes, plans, predicts, 
 expects, estimates, intends, will, continue, may, 
 potential, should and similar expressions. These statements are only expressions of expectation. Our actual
results could, and likely will, differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth above and elsewhere in this report and including factors unanticipated by us and not included herein. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, performance, or achievements. Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of
these statements. Accordingly, we caution readers not to place undue reliance on these statements. Where required by applicable law,
we will undertake to update any disclosures or forward-looking statements. 

If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our competitive position would be adversely affected. 

We
and our partners and subsidiaries intend to rely on patent protection, trademark and copyright law, trade secret protection and confidentiality
agreements with our employees and others to protect our intellectual property. Despite our precautions, unauthorized third parties may
copy our, and our affiliates and partners , products and services or reverse engineer or obtain and use information that
we regard as proprietary. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do
the laws of the United States. Our means of protecting our, and our affiliates and partners , proprietary rights may not
be adequate, and third parties may infringe or misappropriate our, and our affiliates and partners , patents, copyrights,
trademarks, and similar proprietary rights. If we, or our affiliates and partners, fail to protect intellectual property and proprietary
rights, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would suffer. We believe that neither we nor our affiliates and
partners infringe upon the proprietary rights of any third party, and no third party has asserted an infringement claim against us. It
is possible, however, that such a claim might be asserted successfully against us in the future. We may be forced to suspend our operations
to pay significant amounts to defend our rights, and a substantial amount of the attention of our management may be diverted from our
ongoing business, all of which would materially adversely affect our business. 

13 

We
face rapid change. 

The
market for our partners and subsidiaries products and services is characterized by rapidly changing laws and technologies,
marketing efforts, extensive research, and the introduction of new products and services. We believe that our future success will depend
in part upon our ability to continue to invest in companies that develop and enhance products and services offered in the energy, manufacturing,
management services, or cannabis markets. As a result, we expect to continue to make investments in our partners and subsidiaries to
promote further engineering, research, and development. There can be no assurance that our partners and subsidiaries will be able to
develop and introduce new products and services or enhance initial products in a timely manner to satisfy customer needs, achieve market
acceptance or address technological changes in our target markets. Failure to develop products and services and introduce them successfully
and in a timely manner could adversely affect our competitive position, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If
we experience rapid growth, we will need to manage such growth well. 

We
may experience substantial growth in the size of our staff and the scope of our operations, resulting in increased responsibilities for
management. To manage this possible growth effectively, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management
information systems, will possibly need to create departments that do not now exist, and hire, train, motivate and manage a growing number
of staff. Due to a competitive employment environment for qualified technical, marketing and sales personnel, we expect to experience
difficulty in filling our needs for qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively achieve or manage
any future growth, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
could face product liability risks and may not have adequate insurance. 

Our
partners and affiliates products may be used for medical purposes. We may become the subject of litigation alleging that
our partners and affiliates products were ineffective or unsafe. Thus, we may become the target of lawsuits from injured
or disgruntled customers or other users. We intend to, but do not now, carry product and liability insurance, but in the event that we
are required to defend more than a few such actions, or in the event we are found liable in connection with such an action, our business
and operations may be severely and materially adversely affected. 

Failure
to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have a material adverse
effect on our stock price. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations of the SEC require annual management assessments of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to adequately maintain compliance with or maintain the adequacy of our internal
control over financial reporting, as such standards are modified, supplemented, or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure
that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations of the SEC. If we cannot favorably assess our internal controls
over financial reporting, investor confidence in the reliability of our financial reports may be adversely affected, which could have
a material adverse effect on our stock price. 

We
have indemnified our officers and directors. 

We
have indemnified our Officers and Directors against possible monetary liability to the maximum extent permitted under California and
Delaware law. The managers of Mentor Partner I, LLC and Mentor Partner II, LLC have been indemnified to the maximum extent permitted
under California and Texas law, and the managers of TWG, LLC have been indemnified to the maximum extent permitted by Texas law. 

The
worldwide economy could impact the company in numerous ways. 

The
effects of negative worldwide economic events, such as the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 outbreak, economic sanctions, the impact of
inflation, interest rate increases, tax increases, tariff increases, recession, climate regulation, and outbreak of war in Ukraine, may
cause disruptions and extreme volatility in global financial markets, increased rates of default and bankruptcy, impact levels of consumer
spending, and may impact our business, operating results, or financial condition. The ongoing worldwide economic situation, future weakness
in the credit markets, and significant liquidity problems for the financial services industry may also impact our financial condition
in a number of ways. For example, current or potential customers may delay or decrease spending with us, or our partners and affiliates,
or may not pay us, or our partners or affiliates, or may delay paying us, or our partners or affiliates, for previously purchased products
and services. Also, we may have difficulties in securing additional financing. 

14 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Mentor
rented 2,000 square feet of office space for 2,990 per month under a one-year lease in Ramona, California, which expired in September
2020. Mentor relocated to Plano, Texas, in September 2020 and now reimburses facilities costs of 2,456 per month to the property owners,
the Billingsley family. Reimbursable facilities costs have not increased since 2020. The Company does not pay rent. The Company s
Ramona rent and facilities costs were formerly 4,408 per month. 

Mentor
51 owned subsidiary, WCI, manages its Arizona and Texas businesses from its Phoenix, Arizona location where it leases 5,603 square feet
of office and warehouse space pursuant to a Multi-Lessee Industrial Net Lease effected September 15, 2022 for an initial lease term of
sixty-one months commencing on October 1, 2022. Monthly base rent will be 5,603 for the period October 1, 2022 to September 30, 2023,
 5,827 for the period October 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024, 6,060 for the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, 6,303 for
the period October 1, 2025 to September 30, 2026, 6,555 for the period October 1, 2026 to September 30, 2027, and 6,817 for the period
October 1, 2027 to October 31, 2027. Commencing on October 1, 2022, WCI will also pay its monthly pro rata share (3.89 of total
rental square footage estimated at 1,289 per month or 0.23 per square foot per month) on the annual common area operating expenses
and common area improvements incurred by the landlord. Previously, WCI managed its Arizona and Texas business from Tempe, Arizona, where
it leased approximately 3,000 square feet of office and warehouse space for 2,200 per month under an operating lease that expired in
January 2021 and was amended February 18, 2021, to extend the lease through February 2023. The monthly rent under the extended lease
was 2,350 per month for the first year of the lease and 2,500 per month for the second year of the lease. On January 1, 2022, WCI also
paid its monthly pro rata share (1.90 of total rentable square footage) of the common area operating expenses increase over the
common area operating expenses incurred by the landlord in the calendar year 2021. WCI does not have an office or warehouse space in
any of its Texas locations. 

MCIP,
Partner I, Partner II, and TWG office and administrative support are provided by Mentor in its Plano, Texas corporate offices. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

G
FarmaLabs Limited 

On
May 28, 2019, Mentor Capital, Inc. and Mentor Partner I, LLC filed a complaint in the Superior Court of California in the County of Marin
for, among other things, breach of contract against G FarmaLabs Limited, Atanachi Ata Gonzalez, Nicole Gonzalez, G FarmaLabs
DHS, LLC, GFBrands, Inc., fka G FarmaBrands, Inc., Finka Distribution, Inc., G FarmaLabs WA, LLC, and Goya Ventures, LLC (together Defendants ).
Under the complaint, among other things: 

Mentor Capital, Inc. alleged that G FarmaLabs Limited and Ata Gonzalez and Nicole Gonzalez as guarantors of the G Farma obligations had
failed to perform their several obligations under a Note Purchase Agreement and two secured Promissory Notes dated March 17, 2017, as
amended. At December 31, 2019, the aggregate amount due, owing, and unpaid under both Notes is 1,045,051. Interest of approximately
 67,770 is also due but has not been accrued in the financial statements due to uncertainty of collection. 

Mentor Partner I, LLC alleged that G FarmaLabs Limited, G FarmaLabs DHS, LLC as Lessees and GFBrands, Inc, Ata Gonzalez, and Nicole Gonzalez
as guarantors of the lease obligations had failed to perform their several obligations under a Master Equipment Lease dated January 16,
2018, as amended. At December 31, 2019, the aggregate amount due, owing, and unpaid under the Lease is 1,055,680. Interest of approximately
 93,710 is also due but has not been accrued in the financial statements due to uncertainty of collection. 

Mentor Capital, Inc. also alleged that the G FarmaLabs Limited and Ata Gonzalez and Nicole Gonzalez as guarantors had failed to perform
their obligations under (i) a Consulting Agreement dated March 17, 2017, as amended, (ii) a Rights Agreement dated March 17, 2017, and
(iii) a Security Agreement dated March 17, 2017, as amended. 

Mentor Capital, Inc. also alleged that G FarmaLabs Limited, G FarmaLabs DHS, LLC, GFBrands, Inc., Finka Distribution, Inc., G FarmaLabs
WA, LLC, and Goya Ventures, LLC had failed to perform their obligations under an Equity Purchase and Issuance Agreement dated September
6, 2018, as amended. 

Mentor Capital, Inc. and Mentor Partner I, LLC sought an injunction against all Defendants preventing Defendants from keeping equipment
leased under the Master Lease Agreement. 

15 

On
January 22, 2020, the Court granted the Company s motion for writ of possession and preliminary injunction prohibiting defendants
from retaining control of or selling leased property. On January 31, 2020, all remaining equipment leased to G Farma by Mentor Partner
I which was not impounded by the Corona Police was repossessed by the Company and moved to storage under the Company s control.
All repossessed equipment was sold in 2020. see Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. 

On
November 4, 2020, the Court granted Mentor Capital, Inc. s and Mentor Partner I s motion for summary adjudication as to both
causes of action against G FarmaLabs Limited for liability for breach of the two promissory notes and one cause of action against each
of Mr. Gonzalez and Ms. Gonzalez related to their duties as guarantors of G FarmaLabs Limited s obligations under the promissory
notes. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company and Mentor Partner I entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release with the G Farma Entities and
guarantors G Farma Settlors to resolve and settle all outstanding claims Settlement Agreement ). The Settlement
Agreement requires the G Farma Settlors to pay the Company an aggregate of 500,000 plus interest, payable monthly as follows: (i) 500
per month for 12 months beginning on September 5, 2021, (ii) 1,000 per month for 12 months beginning September 5, 2022, (iii) 2,000
per month for 12 months beginning September 5, 2023, and (iv) increasing by an additional 1,000 per month on each succeeding September
5th thereafter, until the settlement amount and accrued unpaid interest are paid in full. Interest on the unpaid balance shall initially
accrue at the rate of 4.25 per annum, commencing February 25, 2021, compounded monthly, and shall be adjusted on February 25th of each
year to equal the Prime Rate as published in the Wall Street Journal plus 1 . In the event that the G Farma Settlors fail to make any
monthly payment and have not cured two such defaults within 10 days of notice from the Company, the parties have stipulated that an additional
 2,000,000 should be added to the amount payable by the G Farma Settlors. 

On
October 12, 2021, the parties filed a Stipulation for Dismissal and Continued Jurisdiction with the Superior Court of California in the
County of Marin. The Court ordered that it retain jurisdiction over the parties under Section 664.6 of the California Code of Civil Procedure
to enforce the Settlement Agreement until the performance in full of its terms is met. 

In August 2022, September 2022, and October 2022,
the G Farma Settlors failed to make monthly payments, and failed to cure each default within 10 days notice from Company pursuant
to the Settlement Agreement. As a result, 2,000,000 should be added to the amount payable by the G Farma Settlors in accordance with
the terms of the Settlement Agreement. The Company is requesting that the stipulated judgment be entered against the G Farma Settlors
for (1) the remaining amount of the 500,000 settlement amount which has not yet been paid by the G Farma Settlors plus 2,000,000 and
all accrued unpaid interest, (2) the Company s incurred costs, and (3) attorneys fees paid by the Company to obtain the judgment. 

The
Company has retained the reserve on collections of the unpaid lease receivable balance due to the long history of uncertain payments
from G Farma. Payments recovered will be reported as Other income in the consolidated income statements. See Notes 8 and 9 for a discussion
of the reserve against the finance lease receivable. We will continue to pursue collection from the G Farma Settlors over time. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
shares of Common Stock are traded on the Over-The-Counter OTCQB The Venture Market OTCQB under the symbol MNTR . 

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices for our Common Stock as reported on the OTC Markets.
This information reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Quarter Ended December 31, 2022 
 0.060 
 0.037 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2022 
 0.085 
 0.030 
 
 Quarter Ended June 30, 2022 
 0.060 
 0.035 
 
 Quarter Ended March 31, 2022 
 0.041 
 0.064 
 
 Quarter Ended December 31, 2021 
 0.105 
 0.050 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2021 
 0.125 
 0.093 
 
 Quarter Ended June 30, 2021 
 0.160 
 0.104 
 
 Quarter Ended March 31, 2021 
 0.270 
 0.083 
 
 Quarter Ended December 31, 2020 
 0.140 
 0.070 

16 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 8,542 registered holders of record of our Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had
a total of 22,941,357 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding; 11 shares of Series Q Preferred Stock issued and outstanding; 6,250,000
Series D warrants outstanding which are exercisable for 6,250,000 shares of Common Stock, and 413,512 Series H warrants outstanding which
are exercisable for 413,512 shares of Common Stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not declared or paid cash dividends or made distributions in the past and do not anticipate that we will pay cash dividends or make
distributions in the near future. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

On
August 8, 2014, Mentor announced a plan to repurchase 300,000 shares of its outstanding stock. This may be funded by approximately 5 
of the Company s cash and cash provided by current assets and receivables. During the period January 1, 2021 through December 31,
2022, Mentor repurchased the following shares of Common Stock: 

Period 
 Total number of shares purchased under plan 
 Average price paid per share 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 
 Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 
 
 January 1 through December 31, 2021 
 0 
 N/A 
 44,748 
 255,252 
 
 January 1 through December 31, 2022 
 0 
 N/A 
 44,748 
 255,252 
 
 TOTAL 
 0 
 
 44,748 
 255,252 

Equity
Compensation Plan 

Mentor
does not currently have an equity compensation plan in place and does not intend to create such a plan in the near future. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
January 11, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer, Chet Billingsley, exercised 87,456 Series B warrants and 2,954 Series D warrants at 0.11
per share and 1.60 per share, respectively. Mr. Billingsley paid the Company 14,347 in cash. This increased Mr. Billingsley s
share ownership by 90,410 common shares, increased the Company s outstanding shares to 22,941,357, and decreased the Company s
Series B and Series D outstanding warrants to 0 and 6,250,000, respectively. The sale of 90,410 shares of common stock was made in reliance
on 11 U.S.C. 1145 and Section 3(a)(7) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On
October 3, 2019, the Company rescinded the sale and, on March 6, 2020, canceled the issuance of 222,223 shares of its unregistered Common
Stock due to a complete failure of consideration. The unregistered shares of Common Stock were originally sold on March 22, 2017 in a
private placement for 500,002. On October 3, 2019, the Company rescinded the sale and, on March 6, 2020, cancelled the issuance of 66,667
shares of its unregistered Common Stock due to a complete failure of consideration. The unregistered shares of Common Stock were originally
sold on April 28, 2017 in a private placement for 100,000. Each of these sales of shares of Common Stock was made in reliance on Rule
506(b) of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Other
than as stated above, there have been no other unregistered securities sold within the past three years. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

17 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 should be read
in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Corporate
Background 

Beginning
September 2008, after the name change back to Mentor Capital, Inc., the Company s common stock traded publicly under the trading
symbol OTC Markets: MNTR and after February 9, 2015, as OTCQB: MNTR and after August 6, 2018, under the trading symbol OTCQX: MNTR and
after May 1, 2020, under the trading symbol OTCQB: MNTR. 

In
2009 the Company began focusing its investing activities in leading-edge cancer companies. In response to government limitations on reimbursement
for highly technical and expensive cancer treatments and a resulting business decline in the cancer immunotherapy sector, the Company
decided to exit that space. In the summer of 2013, the Company was asked to consider investing in a cancer-related project with a medical
marijuana focus. On August 29, 2013, the Company decided to fully divest its cancer assets and focus its next round of investments in
the medical marijuana and cannabis sector. In late 2019, the Company expanded its target industry focus which now includes energy, manufacturing,
and management services with the goal of ensuring increased market opportunities for investment. In September 2020, the Company moved
its corporate office to Plano, Texas. 

Acquisitions
and investments 

Waste
Consolidators, Inc. 

Waste Consolidators, Inc. WCI is a
long-standing investment of which the Company owns a 51 interest and is included in the consolidated financial statements for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. WCI works with business park owners, governmental centers, and apartment complexes to reduce their facility
related operating costs. WCI s waste management and disposal services include waste consolidation, bulk item pickup, general property
maintenance, and one-time clean-up services in Phoenix, Austin, San Antonio, Houston, and Dallas. In the last half of 2020, WCI began
expanding its services in Texas from San Antonio and Austin to include Houston, and in November 2021 began services in Dallas. This has
led to an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as WCI positions itself to operate in these newer locations. 

Electrum
Partners, LLC 

Electrum
Partners, LLC Electrum is a Nevada based cannabis consulting, investment, and management company. On November 18, 2022
Mentor received 459,990 from Electrum in consolidated settlement of one equity, one recovery purchase, and two secured capital agreements.
Prior to the settlement, the Company owned a membership equity interest in Electrum which was carried at cost of 194,028 and 194,028
at September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. On November 18, 2022, Electrum repaid 63,324 to the Company pursuant to a
certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, following the Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum
and the escrow agent in the County of San Mateo. The Company had 0 and 6,198 Electrum membership interest units and a 0 and 6.69 equity
interest in Electrum at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
October 30, 2018, the Company entered into a Recovery Purchase Agreement with Electrum to purchase a portion of Electrum s potential
recovery in its legal action captioned Electrum Partners, LLC, Plaintiff, and Aurora Cannabis Inc., Defendant , in the Supreme
Court of British Columbia Litigation ), as described further in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. As of
September 30, 2022, and December 31, 2021, Mentor had provided 196,666 and 196,666, respectively, in capital for payment of Litigation
costs. In exchange, after repayment to Mentor of all funds invested for payment of Litigation costs, Mentor was to receive 19 of anything
of value received by Electrum as a result of the Litigation Recovery ). On November 18, 2022, Electrum repaid 196,666
to the Company pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, following the Company s October
21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent in the County of San Mateo. 

On
October 31, 2018, Mentor entered into a secured Capital Agreement with Electrum and invested an additional 100,000 of capital in Electrum.
Under the Capital Agreement, on the payment date, Electrum agreed to pay Mentor the sum of (i) 100,000, (ii) ten percent (10 of the
Recovery, and (iii) 0.083334 of the Recovery for each full month from October 31, 2018 to the payment date for each full month that
 833 is not paid to Mentor. The payment date for the Capital Agreement was the earlier of November 1, 2021, or the final resolution of
the Litigation. Due to the coronavirus and the resulting delay in the trial date of the Litigation, on November 1, 2021 the parties amended
the October 31, 2018 Capital Agreement for the purpose of extending the payment to the earlier of November 1, 2023, or the final resolution
of the Litigation and increased the monthly payment payable by Electrum to 834. On November 18, 2022, Electrum repaid 100,000 to the
Company pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, following the Company s October 21, 2022
lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent in the County of San Mateo. 

18 

On
January 28, 2019, the Company entered into a second secured Capital Agreement with Electrum and invested an additional 100,000 of capital
in Electrum with payment terms similar to the October 31, 2018 Capital Agreement. Due to the coronavirus and the resulting delay in the
trial date of the Litigation, on November 1, 2021 the parties amended the October 31, 2018 Capital Agreement for the purpose of extending
the payment to the earlier of November 1, 2023, or the final resolution of the Litigation and increased the monthly payment payable by
Electrum to 834. As part of the January 28, 2019 Capital Agreement, Mentor was granted an option to convert its 6,198 membership interests
in Electrum into a cash payment of 194,028 plus an additional 19.4 of the Recovery. Under the Security Agreement, all liabilities and
investments owed to Mentor from Electrum were secured by all of the tangible and intangible assets of Electrum. On November 18, 2022,
Electrum repaid 100,000 to the Company pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, following the
Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent in the County of San Mateo. See Note 10 to the consolidated
financial statements. 

Mentor
IP, LLC 

On
April 18, 2016, the Company formed Mentor IP, LLC MCIP ), a South Dakota limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary
of Mentor. MCIP was formed to hold interests related to patent rights obtained on April 4, 2016, when Mentor Capital, Inc. entered into
that certain Larson - Mentor Capital, Inc. Patent and License Fee Facility with Agreement Provisions for an 80 / 20 
Domestic Economic Interest 50 / 50 Foreign Economic Interest with R. L. Larson and Larson Capital, LLC MCIP
Agreement ). Pursuant to the MCIP Agreement, MCIP obtained rights to an international patent application for foreign THC and CBD
vape pens under the provisions of the Patent Cooperation Treaty of 1970, as amended. R. L. Larson continues its efforts to obtain exclusive
licensing rights in the United States for THC and CBD vape pens for various THC and CBD percentage ranges and concentrations. On January
21, 2020, the United States Patent and Trademark Office granted a Notice of Allowance for the United States patent application and on
May 5, 2020 the United States patent was issued. On March 23, 2020 MCIP applied for expedited prosecution with the Canadian Intellectual
Property Office under the Patent Cooperation Treaty Patent Prosecution Highway Program based on the claims allowed in the corresponding
United States patent application. On June 29, 2020, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office granted a Notice of Allowance for the Canada
patent application and on September 22, 2020, the Canadian patent was issued. Activity in 2022 and 2021 was limited to payment of patent
application maintenance fees in Canada. Patent application national phase maintenance fees have been expensed when paid and there were
no assets related to the MCIP patents represented on the consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

NeuCourt,
Inc. 

NeuCourt,
Inc. NeuCourt is a Delaware corporation that is developing a technology that is expected to be useful to the dispute
resolution industry. 

On
November 22, 2017, the Company invested 25,000 in NeuCourt, Inc. as a convertible note receivable. The note bore interest at 5 per
annum, originally matured November 22, 2019, and was amended to extend the maturity date to November 22, 2021. No payments were required
prior to maturity, however, at the time the November 22, 2017 note was extended, interest accrued through November 4, 2019 was remitted
to Mentor. As consideration for the extension of the maturity date for the 25,000 note, a warrant to purchase up to 25,000 shares of
NeuCourt common stock at 0.02 per share was issued to Mentor. On November 5, 2021, the parties amended the note to extend the November
22, 2021 maturity date to November 22, 2023. A warrant to purchase 27,630 shares of NeuCourt common stock at 0.02 per share was issued
to Mentor in exchange for the extension of the maturity date. On October 31, 2018, the Company invested an additional 50,000 as a convertible
note receivable in NeuCourt, which bore interest at 5 , originally matured October 31, 2020 and was amended to extend the maturity date
to October 31, 2022. As consideration for the extension of the maturity date for the 50,000 note plus accrued interest of 5,132, a
warrant to purchase up to 52,500 shares of NeuCourt common stock at 0.02 per share was issued to Mentor. Principal and unpaid interest
on the Notes could have been converted into a blend of shares of a to-be-created series of Preferred Stock and Common Stock of NeuCourt
(i) on closing of a future financing round of at least 750,000, (ii) on the election of NeuCourt on maturity of the Note, or (iii) on
election of Mentor following NeuCourt s election to prepay the Note. The Company s investment in the two convertible notes
receivable from NeuCourt, Inc., were recorded at the aggregate principal face amount of 0 and 71,850 plus accrued interest of 0 and
 13,225 at September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. On June 13, 2022, the Company sold 2,160.80 of note principal to
a third party. 

On
July 15, 2022, the Company and NeuCourt, Inc. entered into an Exchange Agreement by which the 25,000 and 47,839 principal amounts of
the NeuCourt November 22, 2017 and October 31, 2018 convertible notes and accrued unpaid interest in the amounts of 3,518 and 9,673
respectively, were exchanged for a Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE ), a security providing for conversion of the
SAFE into shares of NeuCourt common or preferred stock Capital Stock at some future date. As of July 15, 2022, the Company
received SAFEs in the aggregate face amount of 86,030 (the Purchase Amount ). 

19 

The
valuation cap of the SAFE is 3,000,000 Valuation Cap ), and the discount rate is 75 Discount Rate ). 

If,
prior to termination, conversion, or expiration of the SAFE, NeuCourt sells a series of preferred stock Equity Preferred Stock to investors in an equity financing raising not less than 500,000, Mentor s SAFE shall be converted into shares equal to the Purchase
Amount divided by the lessor of (x) the price per share of the Equity Preferred Stock multiplied by the Discount Rate and (y) the price
per share equal to the Valuation Cap divided by the number of outstanding shares of NeuCourt on a fully diluted, as-converted basis Conversion
Shares ). The Conversion Shares shall consist of (a) the number of shares of Equity Preferred Stock equal to the Purchase Amount
divided by the price per share of the Equity Preferred Stock Preferred Stock and (b) the number of shares of common stock
equal to the Conversion Shares minus the Preferred Stock. 

The
SAFE will expire and terminate upon i) conversion or ii) repayment. The SAFE may be repaid by NeuCourt upon sixty (60) days prior notice Repayment Notice to the Company unless the Company elects during that period to convert the SAFE. 

If
NeuCourt does not close an equity financing round raising 500,000 or more prior to expiration or termination of the SAFE, the Company
may elect to convert the SAFE into the number of shares of a to-be-created series of preferred stock equal to the (x) Purchase Amount
divided by (y) the Valuation Cap divided by the number of outstanding shares of NeuCourt on a fully diluted, as-converted basis Default
Conversion ). Additionally, if NeuCourt experiences a change of control, initial public offering, ceases operations, or enters
into a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, prior to conversion, termination, or expiration of the SAFE, the Company
will receive the greater of (a) a cash payment equal to the Purchase Amount and (b) the value of the shares issuable on Default Conversion. 

On
July 22, 2022, the Company sold 989 of the SAFE Purchase Amount to a third party. On August 1, 2022, the Company sold an additional
 1,285 of the SAFE Purchase Amount to a third party, thereby reducing the outstanding aggregate SAFE Purchase Amount to 83,756. 

Subsequent
to year end, on January 20, 2023, the Company and NeuCourt entered into a SAFE Purchase Agreement by which the Company invested an additional
 10,000 in the form of a NeuCourt Simple Agreement for Future Equity under the same terms as the previous July 15, 2022 SAFE Purchase
Agreement between NeuCourt and the Company. See Note 23. 

On
December 21, 2018, the Company purchased 500,000 shares of NeuCourt Common Stock for 10,000, approximately 6.127 of the issued and
outstanding NeuCourt shares at December 31, 2021. 

20 

G
FarmaLabs Limited 

On
March 17, 2017, the Company entered into a Notes Purchase Agreement with G FarmaLabs Limited, a Nevada corporation G Farma ),
with operations in Washington and planned operations in California under two temporary licenses which were pending completion of its
Desert Hot Springs, California, location. Under the Agreement, the Company purchased two secured promissory notes from G Farma in an
aggregate principal face amount of 500,000. Since the initial investment, the Company made several additional investments in G Farma.
Addenda II through VIII increased the aggregate investment amount to 1,110,000. G Farma has not made scheduled payments on the notes
receivable since February 19, 2019. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. 

On
September 6, 2018, the Company entered into an Equity Purchase and Issuance Agreement with G FarmaLabs Limited, G FarmaLabs DHS, LLC,
GFBrands, Inc., Finka Distribution, Inc., and G FarmaLabs, WA, LLC under which Mentor was supposed to receive equity interests in the
G Farma Equity Entities and their affiliates (together the G Farma Equity Entities equal to 3.75 of the G Farma Equity
Entities interests. On March 4, 2019, Addendum VIII increased the G Farma Equity Entities equity interest to which Mentor is immediately
entitled to 3.843 , and added Goya Ventures, LLC as a G Farma Equity Entity. We have fully impaired the equity investment with these
entities, formerly valued at 41,600. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. 

On
February 22, 2019, the City of Corona Building Department closed access to G Farma s corporate location; the Company was not informed
by G Farma of this incident until March 14, 2019. On April 24, 2019, the Company was notified that certain G Farma assets at its corporate
location, including approximately 427,804 of equipment leased by G Farma Entities from Mentor Partner I, LLC, under a Master Equipment
Lease Agreement, was impounded by the Corona Police, see further description under Mentor Partner I, LLC, below, and Notes 8 and 9 to
the consolidated financial statements. 

This
event severely impacted G Farma s ability to pay amounts due the Company in the future and led the Company, in the quarter ended
March 31, 2019, to fully impair G Farma notes receivable of 1,045,051, and fully impair the Company s 3.843 equity interest in
G Farma Equity Entities, formerly valued at 41,600. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company and Mentor Partner I initiated an action against the G Farma Lease Entities and several persons who have guaranteed the obligations
of the G Farma Entities (the G Farma Lease Guarantors in the Superior Court of California in the County of Marin in which
it sought, among other things, damages caused by G Farma s and its guarantors breaches of the various agreements. 

On August 27, 2021, the Company and Mentor Partner
I entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release with the G Farma Entities and guarantors G Farma Settlors to
resolve and settle all outstanding claims as discussed in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements. In August 2022, September
2022, and October 2022 the G Farma Settlors failed to make monthly payments and failed to cure each default within 10 days notice
from Company pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. As a result, 2,000,000 should be added to the amount payable by the G Farma Settlors
in accordance with the terms of the Settlement Agreement. The Company is requesting that the stipulated judgment be entered against the
G Farma Settlors for (1) the remaining amount of the 500,000 settlement amount which has not yet been paid by the G Farma Settlors plus
 2,000,000 and all accrued unpaid interest, (2) the Company s incurred costs, and (3) attorneys fees paid by the Company
to obtain the judgment. We will continue to pursue collection from the G Farma Settlors over time. 

The
Company has retained the full reserve on unpaid notes receivable balance due to the long history of uncertain payments from G Farma.
Payments from G Farma will be recognized in Other Income as they are received. See Notes 1 and 8. Recovery payments of 3,550 and 2,000
are included in other income in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Mentor
Partner I, LLC 

Mentor
Partner I, LLC Partner I was reorganized as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Texas as of February
17, 2021. The entity was originally organized as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of California on September 19,
2017. Partner I was formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of Mentor for the purpose of acquisition and investment. In 2018, Mentor contributed
 996,000 of capital to Partner I to facilitate the purchase of manufacturing equipment to be leased from Partner I by G FarmaLabs Limited G Farma under a Master Equipment Lease Agreement dated January 16, 2018, as amended. During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, Mentor withdrew capital of 0 and 52,800, respectively, from Partner I. Partner I acquired and delivered manufacturing
equipment as selected by G Farma Entities under sales-type finance leases. Partner I did not have any equipment sales revenue for the
years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

On
February 22, 2019, the City of Corona Building Department closed access to G Farma s corporate location; the Company was not informed
by G Farma of this incident until March 14, 2019. On April 24, 2019, the Company was informed that certain G Farma assets at its corporate
location, including equipment valued at approximately 427,804 leased to the G Farma Lease Entities under the Master Equipment Lease
Agreement, was impounded by the Corona Police. This event severely impacted G Farma s ability to pay amounts due the Company in
the future. 

In
2020, the Company repossessed leased equipment under G Farma s control with a cost of 622,670 and sold it to the highest offerors
for net proceeds of 348,734, after shipping and delivery costs. Net sales proceeds were applied against the finance lease receivable.
The remaining finance lease receivable balance is fully impaired at December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial
statements. 

21 

Mentor
Partner II, LLC 

Mentor
Partner II, LLC Partner II was reorganized as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Texas on February
17, 2021. The entity was originally organized as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of California on February 1,
2018. Partner II was formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of Mentor for the purpose of investing and acquisition. On February 8, 2018,
Mentor contributed 400,000 to Partner II to facilitate the purchase of manufacturing equipment to be leased from Partner II by Pueblo
West under a Master Equipment Lease Agreement dated February 11, 2018, as amended. On March 12, 2019, Mentor agreed to use Partner II
earnings of 61,368 to facilitate the purchase of additional manufacturing equipment leased to Pueblo West under a Second Amendment to
the lease. On September 27, 2022, Pueblo West exercised its lease prepayment option and purchased the manufacturing equipment for 245,369.
On September 28, 2022 Partner II transferred full title to the equipment to Pueblo West See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mentor withdrew capital of 326,893 and 124,281, respectively, from Partner II. 

TWG,
LLC 

On
October 4, 2022, the Company formed TWG, LLC TWG ), a Texas limited liability company, as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Mentor in order to prepare to fulfill certain February 16, 2022 modification agreement performance obligations related to installment
payments the Company receives from a non-affiliated party. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company s future success is dependent upon its ability to make a return on our investments to generate positive cash flow and to
obtain sufficient capital from non-portfolio-related sources. The Company currently has enough cash to effectuate its business plans
for the next 12 months. Management believes they can raise the appropriate funds needed to support their business plan and develop an
operating, cash flow positive company. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Basis
of presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes include the activity of majority-owned subsidiaries of 51 or more.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America GAAP ). Significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Certain
prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation. 

As
shown in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has a significant accumulated deficit of 11,345,465 as of December 31, 2022.
The Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. 

22 

The
Company will be required to raise additional capital to fund its operations and will continue to attempt to raise capital resources from
both related and unrelated parties until such time as the Company is able to generate revenues sufficient to maintain itself as a viable
entity. These factors have raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial
statements are presented on the basis that we will continue as a going concern. The going concern concept contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able
to raise additional capital or achieve profitability. However, the Company has 6,250,000 Series D warrants outstanding in which the Company
can reset the exercise price substantially below the current market price. Similarly, the Company could reverse split the stock to raise
the stock price above the warrant exercise price. The warrants are specifically not affected and do not split with the shares in the
event of a reverse split. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from repricing the
outstanding warrants. 

Management s
plans include increasing revenues through acquisition, investment, and organic growth. Management anticipates funding these activities
by raising additional capital through the sale of equity securities and obtaining debt financing. 

Segment
reporting 

The
Company has determined that there are currently two reportable segments: 1) the historic cannabis and medical marijuana segment and 2)
the Company s legacy investment in WCI, which works with business park owners, governmental centers, and apartment complexes to
reduce their facility related operating costs. 

Use
of estimates 

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates, assumptions, and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of our consolidated financial statements, and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 

Significant
estimates relied upon in preparing these consolidated financial statements include revenue recognition, accounts and notes receivable
reserves, expected future cash flows used to evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets, estimated fair values of long-lived assets
used to record impairment charges related to investments, goodwill, amortization periods, accrued expenses, and recoverability of the
Company s net deferred tax assets and any related valuation allowance. 

Although
the Company regularly assesses these estimates, actual results could differ materially from these estimates. Changes in estimates are
recorded in the period in which they become known. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions
that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from management s estimates if past experience
or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

From
time to time, the FASB or other standards setting bodies issue new accounting pronouncements. Updates to the FASB Accounting Standard
Codifications ASCs are communicated through issuance of an Accounting Standards Update ASU ). Unless otherwise
discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued guidance, whether adopted or to be adopted in the future, is not expected to
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

Simplifying
the Accounting for Income Taxes As of January 1, 2021, we adopted ASU No. 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for
Income Taxes , which is designed to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles
in Topic 740. ASU No. 2019-12 The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Concentrations
of cash 

The
Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in bank deposit accounts which at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company
has not experienced any losses in such accounts nor does the Company believe it is exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and
cash equivalents. 

Cash
and cash equivalents 

The
Company considers all short-term debt securities purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company
had no short-term debt securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

23 

Accounts
receivable 

Accounts
receivable consist of trade accounts arising in the normal course of business and are classified as current assets and carried at original
invoice amounts less an estimate for doubtful receivables based on historical losses as a percent of revenue in conjunction with a review
of outstanding balances on a quarterly basis. The estimate of allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company s bad debt
experience, market conditions, and aging of accounts receivable, among other factors. If the financial condition of the Company s
customers deteriorates, resulting in the customer s inability to pay the Company s receivables as they come due, additional
allowances for doubtful accounts will be required. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has an allowance for doubtful receivables
in the amount of 53,692 and 74,676, respectively. 

Investments
in securities, at fair value 

Investment
in securities consists of debt and equity securities reported at fair value. Under ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments - Overall:
Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , the Company elected to report changes in the fair
value of equity investment in realized investment gains (losses), net. 

Long
term investments 

The
Company s investments in entities where it is a minority owner and does not have the ability to exercise significant influence
are recorded at fair value if readily determinable. If the fair market value is not readily determinable, the investment is recorded
under the cost method. Under this method, the Company s share of the earnings or losses of such investee company is not included
in the Company s financial statements. The Company reviews the carrying value of its long-term investments for impairment each
reporting period. 

Finance
leases receivable 

The
Company, through its subsidiaries, is the lessor of manufacturing equipment subject to leases under master leasing agreements. The leases
contain an element of dealer profit and lessee bargain purchase options at prices substantially below the subject assets estimated
residual values at the exercise date for the options. Consequently, the Company classified the leases as sales-type leases (the finance
leases for financial accounting purposes. For such finance leases, the Company reports the discounted present value of (i) future
minimum lease payments (including the bargain purchase option, if any) and (ii) any residual value not subject to a bargain purchase
option as a finance lease receivable on its balance sheet and accrues interest on the balance of the finance lease receivable based on
the interest rate inherent in the applicable lease over the term of the lease. For each finance lease, the Company recognized revenue
in an amount equal to the net investment in the lease and cost of sales equal to the net book value of the equipment at the inception
of the applicable lease. 

A
finance receivable is considered impaired, based on current information and events, if it is probable that we will be unable to collect
all amounts due according to contractual terms. Impaired finance receivables include finance receivables that have been restructured
and are troubled debt restructures. See Note 9. 

Credit
quality of notes receivable and finance leases receivable and credit loss reserve 

As
our notes receivable and finance leases receivable are limited in number, our management is able to analyze estimated credit loss reserves
based on a detailed analysis of each receivable as opposed to using portfolio-based metrics. Our management does not use a system of
assigning internal risk ratings to each of our receivables. Rather, each note receivable and finance lease receivable are analyzed quarterly
and categorized as either performing or non-performing based on certain factors including, but not limited to, financial results, satisfying
scheduled payments and compliance with financial covenants. A note receivable or finance lease receivable will be categorized as non-performing
when a borrower experiences financial difficulty and has failed to make scheduled payments. As part of the monitoring process we may
physically inspect the collateral or a borrower s facility and meet with a borrower s management to better understand such
borrower s financial performance and its future plans on an as-needed basis. 

24 

Property
and equipment 

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on the declining balance method over the estimated
useful lives of various classes of property. The estimated lives of the property and equipment are generally as follows: computer equipment,
three to five years; furniture and equipment, seven years; and vehicles and trailers, four to five years. Depreciation on vehicles used
by WCI to service its customers is included in cost of goods sold in the consolidated income statements. All other depreciation is included
in selling, general and administrative costs in the consolidated income statements. 

Expenditures
for major renewals and improvements are capitalized, while minor replacements, maintenance, and repairs, which do not extend the asset
lives, are charged to operations as incurred. Upon sale or disposition, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from
the accounts and any gain or loss is included in operations. The Company continually monitors events and changes in circumstances that
could indicate that the carrying balances of its property and equipment may not be recoverable in accordance with the provisions of ASC
360, Property, Plant, and Equipment. When such events or changes in circumstances are present, the Company assesses
the recoverability of long-lived assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted
expected future cash flows. If the total of the future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, the Company recognizes
an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. See Note 5. 

The
Company reviews intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances
has occurred that would indicate impairment or a change in the remaining useful life. Conditions that may indicate impairment include,
but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climate that could affect the value of an asset, a
product recall, or an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. If an impairment indicator exists, we test the intangible asset for
recoverability. For purposes of the recoverability test, we group our amortizable intangible assets with other assets and liabilities
at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows if the intangible asset does not generate cash flows independent of other assets and liabilities.
If the carrying value of the intangible asset (asset group) exceeds the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual
disposition of the intangible asset (asset group), the Company will write the carrying value down to the fair value in the period identified. 

Lessee
Leases 

We
determine whether an arrangement is a lease at inception. Lessee leases are classified as either finance leases or operating leases.
A lease is classified as a finance lease if any one of the following criteria are met: the lease transfers ownership of the asset by
the end of the lease term, the lease contains an option to purchase the asset that is reasonably certain to be exercised, the lease term
is for a major part of the remaining useful life of the asset or the present value of the lease payments equals or exceeds substantially
all of the fair value of the asset. A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does not meet any one of these criteria. Our operating
leases are comprised of office space leases, and office equipment. Fleet vehicle leases entered into prior to January 1, 2019, under
ASC 840 guidelines, are classified as operating leases. Fleet vehicle leases entered into beginning January 1, 2019, under ASC 842 guidelines,
are classified as finance leases. Our leases have remaining lease terms of 1 month to 48 months. Our fleet finance leases contain a residual
value guarantee which, based on past lease experience, is unlikely to result in a liability at the end of the lease. As most of our leases
do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in
determining the present value of lease payments. 

Costs
associated with operating lease assets are recognized on a straight-line basis, over the term of the lease, within cost of goods sold
for vehicles used in direct servicing of WCI customers and in operating expenses for costs associated with all other operating leases.
Finance lease assets are amortized within cost of goods sold for vehicles used in direct servicing of WCI customers and within operating
expenses for all other finance lease assets, on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or
the lease term. The interest component of a finance lease is included in interest expense and recognized using the effective interest
method over the lease term. We have agreements that contain both lease and non-lease components. For vehicle fleet operating leases,
we account for lease components together with non-lease components (e.g., maintenance fees). 

25 

Long-lived
assets impairment assessment 

In
accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other , 
we regularly review the carrying value of intangible and other long-lived assets for the existence of facts or circumstances, both internally
and externally, that suggest impairment. The carrying value and ultimate realization of these assets are dependent upon our estimates
of future earnings and benefits that we expect to generate from their use. If our expectations of future results and cash flows are significantly
diminished, intangible assets and other long-lived assets may be impaired, and the resulting charge to operations may be material. When
we determine that the carrying value of intangibles or other long-lived assets may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one
or more indicators of impairment, we use the projected undiscounted cash flow method to determine whether an impairment exists and then
measure the impairment using discounted cash flows. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
of 1,324,142 was derived from consolidating WCI effective January 1, 2014, and 102,040 of goodwill was derived from the 1999 acquisition
of a 50 interest in WCI. In accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other, goodwill and other intangible
assets with indefinite lives are no longer subject to amortization but are tested for impairment annually or whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. 

The
Company reviews the goodwill allocated to each of our reporting units for possible impairment annually as of December 31 and whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate carrying amount may not be recoverable. In the impairment test, the Company measures the
recoverability of goodwill by comparing a reporting unit s carrying amount, including goodwill, to the estimated fair value of
the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit is in excess of its fair value, the Company recognizes an impairment charge
equal to the amount in excess. To estimate the fair value, management uses valuation techniques which included the discounted value of
estimated future cash flows. The evaluation of impairment requires the Company to make assumptions about future cash flows over the life
of the asset being evaluated. These assumptions require significant judgment and are subject to change as future events and circumstances
change. Actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. Management determined that no impairment write-downs were required
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Revenue
recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , and FASB ASC Topic
842, Leases . Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers, which are
subsequently remitted to government authorities. 

WCI
works with business park owners, governmental centers, and apartment complexes to reduce facilities related costs. WCI performs monthly
services pursuant to agreements with customers. Customer monthly service fees are based on WCI s assessment of the amount and frequency
of monthly services requested by a customer. WCI may also provide additional services, such as apartment cleanout services, large item
removals, or similar services, on an as needed basis at an agreed upon rate as requested by customers. All services are invoiced and
recognized as revenue in the month the agreed-on services are performed. 

For
each finance lease, the Company recognized as a gain the amount equal to (i) the net investment in the finance lease less (ii) the net
book value of the equipment at the inception of the applicable lease. At lease inception we capitalize the total minimum finance lease
payments receivable from the lessee, the estimated unguaranteed residual value of the equipment at lease termination, if any, and the
initial direct costs related to the lease, less unearned income. Unearned income is recognized as finance income over the term of the
lease using the effective interest rate method. 

The
Company, through its subsidiaries, is the lessor of manufacturing equipment subject to leases under master leasing agreements. The leases
contain an element of dealer profit and lessee bargain purchase options at prices substantially below the subject assets estimated
residual values at the exercise date for the options. Consequently, the Company classified the leases as sales-type leases (the finance
leases for financial accounting purposes. For such finance leases, the Company reports the discounted present value of (i) future
minimum lease payments (including the bargain purchase option, if any) and (ii) any residual value not subject to a bargain purchase
option as a finance lease receivable on its balance sheet and accrues interest on the balance of the finance lease receivable based on
the interest rate inherent in the applicable lease over the term of the lease. For each finance lease, the Company recognized revenue
in an amount equal to the net investment in the lease and cost of sales equal to the net book value of the equipment at the inception
of the applicable lease. 

26 

Basic
and diluted income (loss) per common share 

We
compute net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. Under the provisions of ASC 260, basic net loss
per share includes no dilution and is computed by dividing the net loss available to common stockholders for the period by the weighted
average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share takes into consideration shares of
Common Stock outstanding (computed under basic net loss per share) and potentially dilutive securities that are not anti-dilutive. 

Outstanding
warrants that had no effect on the computation of dilutive weighted average number of shares outstanding as their effect would be anti-dilutive
were approximately 7,000,000 and 7,000,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were 0 and 87,456 potentially dilutive
shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Assumed
conversion of Series Q Preferred Stock into Common Stock would be anti-dilutive as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is not included
in calculating the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding. 

Income
taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with accounting guidance now codified as FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes , 
which requires that the Company recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets based on the differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates in effect in the years the differences are expected
to reverse. Deferred income tax benefit (expense) results from the change in net deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation
allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC 740, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes. The ASC prescribes a recognition
threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be
taken in a tax return. The ASC provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest, and penalties, accounting in interim periods,
disclosure, and transition. The Company utilizes a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions (tax contingencies).
The first step evaluates the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely
than not that we will sustain the position on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes. The second step
measures the tax benefit as the largest amount of more than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company did not
identify any material uncertain tax positions on returns that have been filed or that will be filed. The Company did not recognize any
interest or penalties for unrecognized tax provisions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, nor were any interest or penalties
accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. To the extent the Company may accrue interest and penalties, it elects to recognize accrued
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax provisions as a component of income tax expense. 

Fair
value measurements 

The
Company adopted ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, which defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal, or most advantageous market for the asset or liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The valuation techniques maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 

The
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure Topic establish a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the valuation inputs into three broad
levels. These three general valuation techniques that may be used to measure fair value are as follows: Market approach (Level 1) 
which uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities.
Prices may be indicated by pricing guides, sale transactions, market trades, or other sources. Cost approach (Level 2) which
is based on the amount that currently would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement cost); and the Income
approach (Level 3) which uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present amount based on current market
expectations about the future amounts (including present value techniques, and option-pricing models). Net present value is an income
approach where a stream of expected cash flows is discounted at an appropriate market interest rate. 

The
carrying amounts of cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, customer deposits and other
accrued liabilities approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

The
fair value of available-for-sale investment securities is based on quoted market prices in active markets. 

27 

The
fair value of the investment in account receivable is based on the net present value of calculated interest and principal payments. The
carrying value approximates fair value as interest rates charged are comparable to market rates for similar investments. 

The
fair value of notes receivable is based on the net present value of calculated interest and principal payments. The carrying value approximates
fair value as interest rates charged are comparable to market rates for similar notes. 

The
fair value of long-term notes payable is based on the net present value of calculated interest and principal payments. The carrying value
of long-term debt approximates fair value due to the fact that the interest rate on the debt is based on market rates. 

Results
of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Revenues 

We
had revenue of 7,705,715 and gross profit of 2,226,322 (28.9 gross profit) for the year ended December 31, 2022, versus revenue
of 6,010,438 and gross profit of 1,871,653 (31.1 gross profit) for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase in revenue of
 1,695,277 and an increase in gross profit of 354,669. WCI service fee revenue in 2022 increased by 1,643,158 with an increase in
gross profit of 360,360. The 28.49 increase in WCI revenue was approximately comprised of i) a historical 10 annual increase in
WCI revenue, ii) a 4 overall additional revenue increase due to a 68 increase of Texas revenue, iii) an aggregate 9 increase in
inflation fuel and environmental fees with new charges for additional ancillary cleaning services, and iv) a 6 rebound from the
suppressed COVID-19 economy, including a major increase in discarded boxes due to an increase of residential delivery of products.
We formed Partner I and Partner II for the purpose of specific equipment sales-type financing leases. Finance lease revenue was
 37,659 in 2022 compared to 40,764 in 2021. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses 

Our
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3,851,619 compared to 2,275,989 for the year
ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,575,630. The increase was due to an increase in WCI management fees of 1,162,000, an
increase in WCI bad-debt expense of 33,420, an increase in legal fees of 11,404, and an increase of WCI professional service fees
of 337,540. 

Other
income and expense 

Other income and expense, net, totaled 1,272,756
for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 157,650 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,115,106. The increase
was due to the one time and non-recurring Employee Retention Tax credit of 1,012,621, net of associated filing expenses. 

Net
results 

The net result for the year ended December 31, 2022
was a net loss attributable to Mentor of 471,386 or 0.021) per Mentor common share compared to a loss attributable to Mentor of 272,848
or 0.012) per Mentor common share for the year ended December 31, 2021. Management will continue to make an effort to lower operating
expenses and increase revenue and gross margin. The Company will continue to look for acquisition opportunities to expand its portfolio,
ideally with companies that are positive for operating revenue or have the potential to become positive for operating revenue. 

Changes
in cash flows 

At
December 31, 2022, we had cash of 789,930 and working capital of 764,935. Operating cash outflows during 2022 were 172,590, inflows
from investing activities were 356,312, and outflows from financing activities were 192,912. We are evaluating various options to raise
additional funds, including loans. See discussion of cash flow changes under the next section, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

28 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Since
our reorganization, we have raised capital through warrant holder exercise of warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock. At December
31, 2022, we had cash of 789,930 and working capital of 764,935. Operating cash inflows in the year ended December 31, 2022 were 172,590,
including 366,925) of net loss, less gain on equipment disposal of 26,168), less amortization of discount on our investment in account
receivable of 56,806), plus decrease in accrued interest receivable of 86,325), plus loss on investment in securities of 833,
plus loss on long-term investments of 110,772, plus decrease in operating assets of 107,392, which is partially offset by non-cash
depreciation and amortization of 71,257, non-cash amortization of right of use assets of 218,821, bad debt expense of 53,000, and
an decrease in operating liabilities of 10,086). In 2022, WCI received a non-recurring Employee Retention Tax Credit of 50 to 70 of qualified wages paid in certain
calendar quarters to employees. The Employee Retention Tax Credit provided a net increase to liquidity of 1,012,621 for the year ended
December 31, 2022. This credit was provided in conjunction with WCI s professional employer organization as applied to WCI leased
employees. Absent WCI s receipt of the Employee Retention Tax Credit, cash outflows of approximately 900,000 may have exceeded
working capital, if left unchanged. 

Net
cash inflows in 2022 from investing activities were 356,312 including, and proceeds from investment in accounts receivable of 42,930,
partially, purchases of property and equipment of 40,609), and down payments on right of use assets of 42,675). 

Net
outflows from financing activities in 2022 were 192,912), including, repayments from related party notes of 50,000, proceeds from
warrants converted to common stock of 14,347, offset by payments on long-term debt of 28,476), payments to related parties notes of 21,950) and payments on finance lease liability of 206,833). 

We
will be required to raise additional funds through financing, additional collaborative relationships, or other arrangements until we
are able to raise revenues to a point of positive cash flow. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we experienced
significant operating losses and liquidity constraints. If we are unable to make a return on our investments to generate positive
cash flow and cannot obtain sufficient capital from non-portfolio-related sources to fund operations and pay liabilities in a timely
manner, we may have to cease our operations. Securing additional sources of financing to enable us to continue investing in our
target markets will be difficult, and there is no assurance of our ability to secure such financing. A failure to obtain additional
financing and generate positive cash flow from operations could prevent us from making expenditures that are needed to pay current
obligations, allow us to hire additional personnel, and continue to seek out and invest in new companies. This leaves substantial
doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
believe our existing available resources and opportunities will be sufficient to satisfy our funding requirements for twelve months. 

In
addition, on February 9, 2015, in accordance with Section 1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code and the Company s court-approved
Plan of Reorganization, the Company announced a minimum 30-day partial redemption of up to 1 (approximately 90,000) of the already outstanding
Series D warrants to provide for the court specified redemption mechanism for warrants not exercised timely by the original holder or
their estates. Company designees that applied during the 30 days paid 10 cents per warrant to redeem the warrant and then exercised the
Series D warrant to purchase a share at the court specified formula of not more than one-half of the closing bid price on the day preceding
the 30-day exercise period. In the Company s October 7, 2016 press release, Mentor stated that the 1 redemptions which were formerly
priced on a calendar month schedule would subsequently be initiated and be priced on a random date schedule after the prior 1 redemption
is completed to prevent potential third-party manipulation of share prices at month-end. The periodic partial redemptions may continue,
at the Company s discretion, to be recalculated and repeated until such unexercised warrants are exhausted, or the partial redemption
is otherwise truncated by the Company. 

There
were no warrant redemptions in 2022 or 2021. 

Disclosure
About Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements that constitute off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information
called for by this item. 

29 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Income Statements 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

There
have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

(a) 
 Evaluation
 of disclosure controls and procedures 

Management,
with the participation of our chief executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that
there are resources constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls
and procedures relative to their costs. 

Based
on management s evaluation, our chief executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022,
our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance
that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
managers, including our consulting chief executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

(b) 
 Changes
 in internal control over financial reporting. 

We
regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls
and increase efficiency while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities
as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. 

Effective
October 22, 2020, our former Chief Financial Officer agreed to provide services pursuant to a certain Contract Chief Financial Officer
Agreement, her consulting services relating to internal control remained similar until our new arrangement with a new firm, and; she
retains her position as Treasurer of the Company s Board of Directors. Effective January 1, 2023, the Company obtained Chief Financial
Officer and Certified Public Accountant services from AccountedFor; consulting services remained similar to that of our former consultant.
There have been no other changes in internal control over financial reporting in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

30 

(c) 
 Management s
 report on internal control over financial reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such
term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable
assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitation, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management,
with the participation of our chief executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
the Company s internal control over financial reporting required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 based on the
framework set forth in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

31 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

Our
executive officers and directors, and their respective ages, as of December 31, 2022, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Chet
 Billingsley 
 
 70 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Lori
 Stansfield 
 
 63 
 
 Treasurer
 and Director 
 
 Robert
 B. Meyer 
 
 83 
 
 Secretary
 and Director 
 
 David
 G. Carlile 
 
 67 
 
 Director
 and Audit Committee Chair 

Chet
Billingsley has been our Chief Executive Officer since 1994 and founded the private company predecessor of the Company in 1985. On
May 6, 2017, Mr. Billingsley was appointed as a member of Mentor s Audit Committee. On March 24, 2022 Mr. Billingsley resigned
from Mentor s Audit Committee. On August 7, 2021, Mr. Billingsley was appointed as Principal Financial Officer. On behalf of the
Company, Mr. Billingsley has conducted dozens of acquisitions and business financings during this period. He began investing in 1979
and, as CEO, successfully completed the Series 65 examination and briefly was a registered investment advisor with an affiliated portfolio
entity in 2010. He received his undergraduate education at West Point, and a master s degree in Applied Physics from Harvard University,
with concurrent study at Harvard Business School and at MIT. Mr. Billingsley worked at General Electric from January 1979 to June 1985.
An avid business writer and promoter of ethical business dealings, Mr. Billingsley wrote In Defense of Business Ethics 
in Management Today . 

Lori
J. Stansfield , CPA, served as our Chief Financial Officer between May 27, 2014 and May 14, 2021. On April 9, 2015, Lori was appointed
as a director and named our Treasurer. On October 22, 2020, in connection with the Company s relocation of its corporate headquarters
to Plano, Texas, Ms. Stansfield agreed to temporarily continue providing chief financial officer services to the Company as an independent
contractor and as our Chief Financial Officer. On May 17, 2021, Lori Stansfield s services as a contract chief financial officer
with Mentor concluded. Ms. Stansfield s departure from serving as Mentor s chief financial officer was amicable, and there
were no accounting disagreements. Additionally, from October 28, 2021 to November 15, 2022, Ms. Stansfield provided financial oversight
and chief financial officer support to assist with the Company s financial preparation and reporting obligations. Since January
1, 2023, Ms. Stansfield s consulting role has been limited to providing transitional chief financial officer support to the successor
chief financial officer and chief principal accounting firm, AccountedFor. Ms. Stansfield remains the Company s Treasurer and director;
she also continues to be a significant shareholder of the Company. Ms. Stansfield is also the Chief Financial Officer of NeuCourt, Inc.,
an entity in which the Company has purchased convertible promissory notes and shares of common stock. In addition to the services Ms.
Stansfield provides to Mentor Capital, Inc., and her role as Chief Financial Officer of NeuCourt, Inc. Ms. Stansfield currently serves
as a consultant to various private and public companies. For six years prior to joining Mentor, Ms. Stansfield was Director of Audit
Services for Robert R. Redwitz Co., in San Diego, California. She has taught, written about, managed, audited, and prepared financial
statements during the past thirty years. She graduated magna cum laude in accounting from the University of Colorado in Denver and where
she also received a master s degree in marketing. She is certified as a public accountant in both Colorado and California. Ms.
Stanfield has no affiliated or conflicting outside business interests. 

Robert
B. Meyer , was named Secretary of the Board of Directors on April 9, 2015. He previously held a director position between January
11, 2000 and August 27, 2003 and later returned to this role on April 29, 2012. As the largest outside shareholder, Mr. Meyer has been
a senior professional voice in the Company s management for over 19 years. Mr. Meyer was the founder, publisher, and editor of
a business magazine, Barter News , which went into print in 1979. In 2003, he began a monthly newsletter called The Competitive
Edge . He was one of the first charter inductees of the International Reciprocal Trade Association s Barter Hall of Fame, 
and he has twice addressed the American Countertrade Association, a prestigious organization of Major Fortune 500 companies who countertrades
in billions of dollars annually. As a business founder, Mr. Meyer brings his knowledge and business understanding to Board discussions.
Mr. Meyer is a former professional baseball player, playing in the major leagues with New York Yankees, Kansas City Athletics, Los Angeles
Angels, Seattle Pilots, and Milwaukee Brewers from 1960 - 1971. Mr. Meyer has no affiliated or conflicting outside business interests. 

32 

David
G. Carlile was appointed as a director on April 14, 2017, and on May 6, 2017, he was appointed as a member of Mentor s Audit
Committee and named Audit Committee Chairman. He has served as a consultant and advisor to corporate and financial executives for over
35 years. From 1979 to 1996, Mr. Carlile served in several managerial roles at Atlantic Richfield Company, where he was involved in operations,
financial analysis, and acquisitions. Between 1996 to 2000, Mr. Carlile was Executive VP, Director, and General Manager of a division
of Savage Industries, Inc. where he was also involved with financial analysis and acquisitions. He has been the President of Carlile
Enterprises, Inc. for over 20 years and he served as the Vice President of Marketing and Sales with Lighthouse Resources from 2012 through
May 2016. Mr. Carlile received his Bachelor of Science in Mining Geology from the Imperial College, University of London, in 1977. He
also received a master s degree in Mining Engineering from the University of Arizona in 1979. Mr. Carlile has no affiliated or
conflicting outside business interests. 

Director
Qualifications 

The
selection of directors is a complex and subjective process requiring consideration of many intangible factors. The Company believes that
candidates should generally meet the following criteria: 

Significant historic or current Mentor share ownership. 

Business founder and CEO experience. 

Broad training, experience, and a successful track record at senior policy-making levels in business, government, education, technology,
accounting, law, consulting and/or administration; 

The highest personal and professional ethics, integrity, and values; 

Commitment to representing the long-term interests of the Company and all of its shareholders; 

An inquisitive and objective perspective, strength of character, and the mature judgment essential to effective decision making; 

Expertise that is useful to the Company and complementary to the background and experience of other Board members; and 

Sufficient time to devote to Board activities and to enhance their knowledge of our business, operations, and industry. 

The
Board believes that our current directors meet these criteria. The directors bring a strong and diversified background and set of essential
skills to the Board, as described above in the director descriptions. 

Term
of Office 

All
directors hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their respective successors are elected. Directors may
also be elected at any special meeting of shareholders held for that purpose. Nominees for the board of directors are presented by management.
Except for a vacancy created by the removal of a director, all vacancies in the Board of Directors, whether caused by resignation, death
or otherwise, may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and
each director so elected shall hold office until his successor is elected at an annual, regular or special meeting of the shareholders.
Vacancies created by the removal of a director may be filled only by approval of the shareholders. The shareholders may elect a director
at any time to fill any vacancy not filled by the directors. 

33 

Certain
Legal Proceedings 

No
director, nominee for director, or executive officer of the Company has appeared as a party in any legal proceeding material to an evaluation
of his or her ability or integrity during the past ten years. 

Audit
Committee 

On
May 6, 2017, a resolution was unanimously adopted by the Board to create an audit committee, and the following board members were appointed
to serve on the committee: Stan Shaul, who was a former board member, David Carlile, and Chet Billingsley. It was further resolved that
David Carlile serve as the chairman of the Company s Audit Committee. On May 15, 2021, due to his employer s acquisition
by a prominent public company, Mr. Shaul tendered his resignation effective May 15, 2021. Due to the acquisition, Mr. Shaul was no longer
able to serve as a board member or audit committee member of Mentor Capital or any other public company. Due to his non-independent status,
effective with the filing date of Mentor s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, April 15, 2021, Mr. Billingsley resigned as an Audit
Committee member. On March 19, 2022, the Board approved the Company s Audit Committee Charter and reappointed David Carlile to
serve as the Company s sole Audit Committee Member to be effective as of the filing date of Mentor s 2021 Form 10-K, April
15, 2021. Our Audit Committee Charter may be found on Mentor s website at https://ir.mentorcapital.com/corporate-governance. 

Our
Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things, assisting the Board in fulfilling its general oversight responsibilities with
respect to the Company s accounting and financial disclosures, audits of the financial statements, internal controls, and audit
functions. 

As
part of the financial statement audit, the auditors are required to communicate with the Audit Committee by written communication. The
Audit Committee discusses the audited financial statements with management. 

The
Audit Committee had one meeting in 2021 and one meeting in 2022. Both meetings were attended by all Audit Committee members. 

Membership
of the Audit Committee 

The
Audit Committee shall be comprised of one to five directors as determined by the Board, of which a majority of the members shall satisfy
the independence requirements of Section 10A(m)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and all other regulatory requirements
applicable to the Company. 

David
Carlile, our sole audit committee member as of April 15, 2021, and Audit Committee Chair is considered independent under the Audit Committee
Charter. Mr. Carlile understands fundamental financial statements, including the Company s balance sheet, income statement, and
cash flow statement. Mr. Carlile has a depth of experience advising private and public companies on mergers and acquisitions from a financial
perspective. He is an audit committee financial expert as defined under applicable SEC rules. Each Audit Committee member
shall continue to be a member as long as they remain directors and until their successors as committee members are elected and qualified
or until their earlier death, incapacity, resignation, or removal. Any member may be removed by the Board, with or without cause, and
for no cause, at any time. Vacancies on the Audit Committee may be filled by the Board. 

The
Audit Committee of Mentor Capital, Inc. has reviewed and discussed with management the Company s audited financial statements for
the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, it has discussed with BF Borgers CPA PC the matters required by the applicable requirements
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Commission. Also, the Audit Committee has received from BF Borgers CPA PC the
written disclosures required by the Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1 and has discussed with BF Borgers CPA PC its independence
from the Company. Based upon this information and these materials, the Audit Committee recommends to the Board of Directors that the
audited financial statements be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Compensation
or Nominating Committees and Conflicts of Interest 

The
Board does not have a compensation committee comprised of independent directors; the functions that would have been performed by such
committee are performed by our directors as a whole. The Board of Directors has not established a nominating committee. The Board has
been of the opinion that such committees are not necessary since the Company is small and to date, the entire Board of Directors has
been performing the functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers
have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation and nominations that may affect management decisions. 

34 

We
do not have a policy regarding the consideration of any director candidates which may be recommended by our stockholders. Our Board has
not considered or adopted a policy regarding the consideration of director candidates recommended by our stockholders as we have not
received a recommendation from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our Board for over ten years. We do not know if any of our
stockholders will make a recommendation for any candidate to serve on our Board given the relatively small size of our company and the
small remuneration for attendance at the Board meetings. 

The
Board has responsibility for establishing broad corporate policies and reviewing our overall performance rather than day-to-day operations.
The primary responsibility of the Board is to oversee the management of the Company and, in doing so, serve the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders. The Board selects, evaluates, and provides for the succession of executive officers and, subject to stockholder
election, directors. It reviews and approves major corporate strategy changes and evaluates significant policies and proposed major commitments
of corporate resources. The Board also participates in decisions that have a potential major economic impact on the Company. Management
keeps the directors informed of Company activity through regular communication. 

Director
compensation for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board, if any, is set by Board resolution. Officers of the Company
are appointed by the Board. The salaries of the officers shall be fixed from time to time by the Board. The CEO s compensation
has not been changed by the Board since 2000. 

Shareholders
may contact the Chairman of the Board by telephone or email at the Company s corporate offices with any questions or concerns they
wish to have addressed. The Chairman will discuss any material shareholder questions, concerns, or other information with the other directors,
as necessary. 

Board
Leadership and Role in Risk Oversight 

Chet
Billingsley acts as Mentor s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Robert Meyer acts as the Company s Secretary
and lead independent director. Mentor has determined that its leadership structure is appropriate as Mentor is a small company, and Mr.
Billingsley is the most familiar with the various industries and their related risks. The Board has direct discussions with the CEO and
suggests operating approaches to mitigate identified risks on a regular basis. Because all independent directors are major shareholders,
direct discussions reinforce the priority of reducing shareholder risk and increasing shareholder return to all corporate actions. 

Familial
Relationships Amongst Directors and Executives 

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers and any other directors or executive officers. 

Meetings
of the Board of Directors 

The
Board of Directors of Mentor conducts business through meetings of the Board or by unanimous written consents of the Board. Such actions
by written consent of all directors are, according to Delaware corporate law and our bylaws, valid and effective as if they had been
passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. With the exception of Mr. Billingsley and Ms. Stansfield, all directors are
independent directors under the adopted definition of independence from the NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). The directors are all
shareholders of the Company. 

Mentor
held four meetings of the Board of Directors in 2021 and four meetings of the Board of Directors in 2020. All directors attended each
of the meetings. 

Code
of Ethics 

On
March 21, 2019, the Company adopted a Code of Ethics in compliance with Section 406 of Regulation S-K, which is applicable to all officers,
directors, and employees of the Company. The Code of Ethics is available at the Company s website at https://ir.mentorcapital.com/governance-docs
without charge. Interested persons may also request a copy of such Code of Ethics without charge by contacting the Company at the address
or telephone number included on the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

35 

Our
Code of Ethics emphasizes that The men and women of business are the stewards of the assets of society. If we are good and faithful
in our work, the world becomes a better place. We are to avoid carelessness and waste and comply with
applicable governmental laws, rules, and regulations at all levels of government in the United States and in any non-U.S. jurisdiction
in which the Company does business. We are to act in good faith, with due care, and shall engage only in fair and open competition,
by treating ethically competitors, suppliers, customers, and colleagues. 

Environment 

Management
continually seeks to improve and make sustainable decisions that eliminate waste and promote our ethical goal of stewardship of society s
environmental assets for the greater good of our stakeholders, the public, and future generations. In part, we accomplish these goals
by ensuring that we engage in environmentally and socially responsible decisions, including decisions aligned with energy efficiency,
recycling, and waste avoidance. Before and during COVID-19, we continued to support our vendors, employees, investees, stakeholders,
small businesses, and those affected by COVID-19, regardless of COVID-19 related service decreases and COVID-19 related delays. The principles
of respect for others in the form of fair compensation and good faith business dealings irrespective of race, alienage, national origin,
religion, or gender have been management s top priority for over thirty-five years. We will continue to treat others with fairness
and respect, seek corporate opportunities that benefit shareholders, align with our ethical stewardship principles, and avoid conflicts
of interest to ensure that our conduct remains consistent with our Code of Ethics. 

Our
51 owned subsidiary, Waste Consolidators, Inc., provides cost-effective, environmentally responsible waste management disposal services
in Phoenix, Austin, San Antonio, Houston, and Dallas. WCI assists its customers in managing and reducing excess waste from collection
to disposal. It ensures that the property locations of its clients are clean and maintained through its responsible, timely, and environmentally
friendly waste consolidation, bulk item pickup, general property maintenance, and one-time clean-up services. Additionally, WCI delivers
a portion of the waste it collects to facilities that recover, recycle, and reuse waste products to support cleanliness and environmental
sustainability. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation . 

The
following table summarizes all compensation recorded by us in each of the last two completed fiscal years for our principal executive
officer and each other executive officer whose annual compensation exceeded 100,000. The value attributable to any option awards, if
any, is computed in accordance with FASB ASC 718 Compensation - Stock Compensation. 

Summary
Executive Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Chet Billingsley 
 2022 
 104,000 (1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 13,033 (4) 
 4,250 (2) 
 121,283 
 
 Chairman, CEO, Principal Financial Officer 
 2021 
 104,000 (1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 (3) 
 60,516 (4) 
 6,500 (2) 
 171,016 

(1) Base annual salary for the Chief Executive
Officer of 104,000 per year plus accrued 12,000 vacation pay and accrued 4,000 sick pay has not changed from the amount set by the
court in the 1998 Chapter 11 bankruptcy document. In 2021, Mr. Billingsley voluntarily deferred 16,000 of his annual compensation, resulting
in a base 2021 annual salary of 88,000. In 2022, Mr. Billingsley received 16,000 in deferred 2021 salary that was previously accrued
and reported in 2021 and 104,000 base salary. Mr. Billingsley s accrued vacation and sick pay is reported as nonqualified deferred
compensation. 

(2)
Mr. Billingsley received compensation for his service as a member of Mentor s Board of Directors. In the second half of 2021 Board
fees for regular quarterly Board meetings were reduced from 2,000 per meeting to 1,000 per meeting. In 2021, Mr. Billingsley attended
four regular Board Meetings and was paid 2,000 each for the first two regular Board Meetings, 1,000 each for the other two regular
Board Meetings, and 500 for the one annual Audit Committee meeting he attended. Mr. Billingsley was paid 1,000 for his attendance at
the four regular quarterly Board meetings and 250 for his attendance at annual Audit Committee meeting held in 2022. 

36 

(3)
The CEO earns an incentive fee and a bonus which are payable in cash upon a merger, resignation, or termination or in installments
at the CEO s option. The incentive fee is 1 of the increase in market capitalization on a high watermark basis, based on the
bid price of the Company s stock beyond the book value at confirmation of the reorganization, which was approximately
 260,000. The bonus is 0.5 of the increase in market capitalization for each 1.00 increase in stock price up to a maximum of 8
per share (4 based on the bid price of the stock beyond the book value at confirmation of the reorganization. This incentive was
authorized in 1998 and confirmed in 2000 under the Company s Plan of Reorganization. 

(4) In 2022, our accrual for estimated
retirement and other benefits to Mr. Billingsley increased by 13,033. This consisted of 3,589 accrued medical and life insurance, 4,077
accrued sick, 12,231 accrued vacation, 8,664 accrued officer severance, and 2,404 interest on officer relocation, less a reduction
on accrued relocation costs of 17,931 due to a reimbursement of the previously accrued costs. In 2021, our accrual for estimated retirement
and other benefits to Mr. Billingsley increased by 17,893 and Mr. Billingsley was reimbursed for previously accrued relocation costs
of 42,623. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of directors of Mentor, other than Mr. Billingsley for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Director 
 Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid In Cash ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Robert B. Meyer 
 4,000 (1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 4,000 
 
 David G. Carlile 
 4,250 (1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 4,250 
 
 Lori J. Stansfield 
 4,125 (1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 56,618 (2) 
 60,743 

(1)
Each director was paid 1,000 for their attendance at the four regular quarterly Board meetings. Mr. Carlile was paid 250 for his attendance
at annual Audit Committee meeting held in 2022. Ms. Stansfield was paid 125 for her attendance at annual Audit Committee meeting held
in 2022. 

(2)
In 2022, Ms. Stansfield provided chief financial officer consulting services to the Company from January 1, 2022 to November 15, 2022.
As a result, Ms. Stansfield received 56,618 in professional consulting fees. 

Mentor
does not currently have any equity incentive plan in place for officers, directors, or employees. As an emerging growth company, we are
not required to report pay versus performance. 

37 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Beneficial
Ownership of Directors, Officers, and 5 Stockholders 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and
the percentage of ownership of that person, shares of Common Stock subject to options and warrants held by that person that are currently
exercisable or become exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding even if they have not actually been exercised. Those shares,
however, are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The following table sets
forth certain information as to shares of our Common Stock owned by (i) each person known to beneficially own more than five percent
of our outstanding Common Stock or Preferred Stock, (ii) each of our directors, and executive officers named in our summary compensation
table, and (iii) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

The
percent ownership information presented in the table below is based on the total number of shares of Mentor s Common Stock outstanding
as of March 27, 2023, which was 22,941,357. 

Title of Security 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Class 
 
 Common Stock 
 Chet Billingsley 5964 Campus Court Plano, TX 75093 
 2,381,570 (1,
 2) 
 8.16 (6) 
 
 Common Stock 
 Robert B. Meyer 21141 Canada Road, #7E Lake Forest, CA 92677 
 1,303,789 (3) 
 4.47 (6) 
 
 Common Stock 
 David G. Carlile 10901 Bullrush Drive Venice, FL 34293 
 270,908 (4) 
 0.93 (6) 
 
 Common Stock 
 Lori Stansfield 903 N Towner Street Santa Ana, CA 92703 
 240,000 (5) 
 0.82 (6) 
 
 Common Stock 
 Directors and Officers as a group 
 4,282,067 
 14.38 (7) 

(1)
208,000 of Mr. Billingsley s shares of Common Stock are held in a Rule 10b5-1 Plan, which has been ongoing and was most recently
rolled forward and effective February 15, 2023, under third party control to preclude any directed share sales by him when non-public
information is known. Mr. Billingsley s set sales orders under the Rule 10b5-1 Plan are less than 16,000 shares per week. Rule
10b5-1 sales are expected to continue through the filing of this report. His remaining shares are held in certificate form outside of
a brokerage account and are not immediately available for sale. 

(2)
In addition to 334,296 shares of Common Stock, Mr. Billingsley also holds 2,047,274 Series D warrants exercisable at 1.60 per share.
As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Mr. Billingsley has not exercised any of these Series D warrants. 

(3)
In addition to 864,834 shares of Common Stock, Mr. Meyer also holds 438,955 Series D warrants exercisable at 1.60 per share. As of the
date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Mr. Meyer has not exercised any of these Series D warrants. 

(4)
In addition to 268,408 shares of Common Stock, Mr. Carlile holds 2,500 Series D warrants exercisable at 1.60 per share. As of the date
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Mr. Carlile has not exercised any of these Series D warrants. 

(5)
In addition to 50,000 shares of Common Stock, Ms. Stansfield holds 190,000 Series D warrants exercisable at 1.60 per share. As of the
date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Ms. Stansfield has not exercised any of these Series D warrants. 

38 

(6)
The Percentage of Class ownership of Mr. Billingsley, Mr. Meyer, Mr. Carlile, and Ms. Stansfield is calculated based on the total number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock (22,941,357) and Series D warrants (6,250,000). 

(7)
Calculated based on the diluted Percentage of Class ownership of the Registrant s management, executive officers, and directors. 

If
an individual or entity tried to take control of the Company, Mr. Billingsley is authorized to obtain a loan from the Company to pay
for the exercise of his unexercised Series D warrants. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Except
as disclosed below, between January 1, 2021, and December 31, 2022, there were no transactions, and there are no proposed transactions,
in which we were or are to be a participant, involving an amount in excess of 120,000, and in which any related person had or will have
a direct or indirect material interest. 

Mr.
Billingsley acts as both the Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company.
Ms. Stansfield acts as Treasurer of the Board of Directors of the Company, and from time to time she provides professional financial
consulting services to the Company. Mr. Meyer acts as the Company s Secretary but is not paid for his role and is not a Company
employee. With the exception of Mr. Billingsley and Ms. Stansfield, all directors are independent directors under the adopted definition
of independence from the NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). The directors are all shareholders of the Company. Mr. Carlile is the sole
independent director on the Audit Committee. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
following table summarizes the fees, as applicable, of BF Borgers CPA PC, our independent auditor for the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Fee Category 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 54,300 
 54,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Return Fees (3) 
 - 
 4,500 
 
 All Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees include the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally
 provided by the independent auditors in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on
 audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

(2) 
 Audit-related
 fees consist of assurance and related services by the independent auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the
 audit or review of our financial statements and are reported above under Audit Fees. The services for the fees disclosed
 under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC and other accounting consulting. Mentor did not
 incur any audit-related fees in fiscal years 2022 or 2021. 

(3) 
 The
 services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

(4) 
 All
 other fees, if any, consist of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Our
Board has adopted a procedure for pre-approval of all fees charged by our independent auditors. Under the procedure, the Board approves
the engagement letter with respect to audit, tax, and review services. Other fees are subject to pre-approval by the Board, or, in the
period between meetings, by a designated member of Board. Any such approval by the designated member is disclosed to the entire Board
at the next meeting. The audit and tax fees paid to the auditors with respect to 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by the entire Board. 

39 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial
Statements 

The
Company is filing the following financial statements with this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

Item
16. Form 10 K Summary. 

None. 

Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this report: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Mentor s Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed with the SEC on July 10, 2015). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Mentor s Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed with the SEC on July 10, 2015). 

4.1 
 
 Instrument Defining Rights of Security Holders. (A copy of our Bankruptcy Plan of Reorganization, including Mentor s Sixth Amended Disclosure Statement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on November 19, 2014.) 

4.2 
 
 Description of assumed warrants to purchase shares of Mentor s Common Stock (Incorporated by reference to Mentor s Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed with the SEC on July 10, 2015). 

4.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Rights, Preferences, Privileges, and Restrictions of Series Q Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Mentor s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Period Ended September 30, 2017, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2017). 

4.4 
 
 Description of Company s Securities. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 
 XBRL
 Exhibits 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

40 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
for the period ending December 31, 2022 on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Mentor
 Capital, Inc. 

Date:
 March 27, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Chet Billingsley 

Chet
 Billingsley, 

Director,
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Principal Financial Officer 

Directors 

Date:
 March 27, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Lori Stansfield 

Lori
 Stansfield 

Director
 and Treasurer 

Date:
 March 27, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 David Carlile 

David
 Carlile 

Director 

Date:
 March 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Meyer 

Robert
 Meyer 

Director
 and Secretary 

41 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Mentor Capital, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mentor Capital, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared to assume that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In
addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the United States Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
 BF Borgers CPA PC 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

March
 27, 2023 

F- 1 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment in securities, at fair value 
 - 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other receivable 

Net finance leases receivable, current portion 
 - 

Convertible notes receivable, current portion 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment 

Property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Finance lease right-of-use assets 

Investment in account receivable, net of discount and current portion 

Net finance leases receivable, net of current portion 
 - 

Convertible notes receivable, net of current portion 
 - 

Contractual interests in legal recoveries 
 - 

Deposits 

Long term investments 

Goodwill 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

F- 2 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets (Continued) 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Related party payable 
 - 

Deferred revenue 
 - 

Economic injury disaster loan current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Finance lease liability - current portion 

Operating lease liability - current portion 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Accrued salary, retirement, and incentive fee - related party 

Economic injury disaster loan 

Finance lease liability, net of current portion 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Long term debt, net of current portion 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 20) 

Shareholders equity 

Preferred stock, 
 and par value,
 and 
 shares authorized; and
 series Q preferred shares issued
 and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, and par value, and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Non-controlling interest 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See
accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 3 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Income Statements 

 For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Service fees 

Finance lease revenue 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other income and (expense) 

Employee retention credits 
 
 - 
 
 Gain (loss) on investments in securities 

Recovery (impairment) of investments 
 - 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Gain on equipment disposal 

Paycheck protection program loans forgiven 
 - 

EIDL grant 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other income 

Total other income and (expense) 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Gain (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to Mentor 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per Mentor common share: 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares of Mentor common stock outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 4 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

 For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Controlling Interest 

Preferred stock 
 Common stock 

Shares 
 0.0001
 par 
 Shares 
 0.0001 par 
 Additional paid in capital 
 Accumulated equity (deficit) 
 Total 
 Non- controlling equity (deficit) 
 Totals 

Balances at December 31, 2020 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Balance 
 
 - 

Conversion of Warrants to Common Stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Balance 
 
 - 

See
accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 5 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used by) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right of use asset 

PPP loans forgiven 
 - 

EIDL grant forgiven 
 - 
 - 
 
 (Gain) loss on equipment disposal 

Bad debt expense 

Amortization of discount on investment in account receivable 

Change in accrued interest income 

(Gain) loss on investment in securities, at fair value 

(Gain) loss on long-term investments 

Increase in deposits 
 
 - 
 
 (Gain) loss on investment in installment receivable 
 - 

Decrease (increase) in operating assets 

Finance lease receivable 

Accounts receivable - trade 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Employee advances 

Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued salary, retirement, and benefits - related party 

Net cash provided by (used by) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of investment securities 
 - 

Proceeds from securities sold 

Purchase of contractual interest in legal recovery 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
 - 

Down payment on right of use assets 

Proceeds from investment in receivable 

Net cash provided by (used by) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from paycheck protection program loans 
 - 

Payments on paycheck protection program loans 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from EIDL loan 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from EIDL grant 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from related party loan 

Payments on short term loan from related party 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from warrants converted to common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on long-term debt 

Payments on finance lease liability 

Net cash provided by (used by) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Beginning cash 

Ending cash 

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING TRANSACTIONS: 

Right of use assets acquired through operating lease liability 
 - 
 - 
 
 Right of use assets acquired through finance lease liability 

Property and equipment acquired via long-term debt 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 6 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

in September
2015. 

The
entity was originally founded as an investment partnership in Silicon Valley, California, by the current CEO in 1985 and subsequently
incorporated under the laws of the State of California on . On September 12, 1996, the Company s offering statement
was qualified pursuant to Regulation A of the Securities Act, and the Company began to trade its shares publicly. On August 21, 1998,
the Company filed for voluntary reorganization, and on January 11, 2000, the Company emerged from Chapter 11 reorganization. The Company
relocated to San Diego, California, and contracted to provide financial assistance and investment into small businesses. On May 22, 2015,
a corporation named Mentor Capital, Inc. Mentor Delaware was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. A
shareholder-approved merger between Mentor and Mentor Delaware was approved by the California and Delaware Secretaries of State, and
became effective September 24, 2015, thereby establishing Mentor as a Delaware corporation. In September 2020, Mentor relocated its corporate
office from San Diego, California to Plano, Texas. 

The
Company s common stock trades publicly under the trading symbol OTCQB: MNTR. 

The
Company s broad target industry focus includes energy, manufacturing, and management services with the goal of ensuring increased
market opportunities. 

The following is a list of subsidiaries of Mentor
Capital, Inc. as of December 31, 2022: 

Mentor IP, LLC 

Mentor Partner I, LLC 

Mentor Partner II, LLC 

TWG, LLC 

Mentor s owned subsidiary, Waste Consolidators,
Inc. WCI ), was incorporated in Colorado in 1999 and operates in Arizona and Texas. It is a long-standing investment of
the Company since 2003. 

Mentor s owned subsidiaries, Mentor IP,
LLC MCIP ), Mentor Partner I, LLC, Partner I ), Mentor Partner II, LLC Partner II ), and TWG,
LLC TWG ), are headquartered in Plano, Texas. 

MCIP holds intellectual property and licensing rights related to one
United States and coincident Canadian patent associated with THC and CBD vape pens. Patent maintenance fees were expensed when paid
rather than capitalized and therefore, no capitalized assets related to MCIP are recognized on the consolidated financial statements
at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

On August 27, 2021, the Company and Mentor
Partner I entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release with the G Farma Entities and guarantors G Farma
Settlors to resolve and settle all outstanding claims on an unpaid finance lease receivable and notes receivable of balances
of and , respectively, plus accrued interest Settlement Agreement ). On October 12, 2021, the
parties filed a Stipulation for Dismissal and Continued Jurisdiction with the Superior Court of California in the County of Marin.
The Court ordered that it retain jurisdiction over the parties under Section 664.6 of the California Code of Civil Procedure to
enforce the Settlement Agreement until the performance in full of its terms is met. 

In
August 2022, September 2022, and October 2022, the G Farma Settlors failed to make monthly payments, and failed to cure each default
within 10 days notice from Company pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. As a result, 
should be added to the amount payable by the G Farma Settlors in accordance with the terms of the Settlement Agreement. The Company
is requesting that the stipulated judgment be entered against the G Farma Settlors for (1) the remaining amount of the 
settlement amount which has not yet been paid by the G Farma Settlors plus 
and all accrued unpaid interest, (2) the Company s incurred costs, and (3) attorneys fees paid by the Company to obtain
the judgment. 

The
Company has retained the reserve on collections of the unpaid lease receivable balance due to the long history of uncertain payments
from G Farma. Payments from G Farma will be recognized in Other Income as they are received. Recovery payments of and are
included in other income in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We will continue to pursue collection from the G Farma
Settlors over time. See Notes 8 and 9. 

On September 27, 2022, Pueblo West Organics, LLC,
a Colorado limited liability company Pueblo West exercised a lease prepayment option and purchased manufacturing equipment
from Partner II for . On September 28, 2022 Partner II transferred full title to the equipment to Pueblo West. Originally, Mentor
contributed to Partner II to facilitate the purchase of manufacturing equipment to be leased from Partner II by Pueblo West under
a Master Equipment Lease Agreement dated February 11, 2018, as amended. On March 12, 2019, Mentor agreed to use Partner II earnings of
 to facilitate the purchase of additional manufacturing equipment to Pueblo West under a Second Amendment to the lease. See Note
9. 

On November 18, 2022, following the filing of a declaratory
relief action, Mentor received from Electrum Partners, LLC Electrum pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement
Agreement and Mutual Release, following the Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent in the County
of San Mateo. The Company applied to a certain October 30, 2018, Recovery Purchase Agreement, and to an October 31,
2018 and January 28, 2019 Capital Agreement. The Company applied the remaining to its equity interest in Electrum; this
resulted in a loss on the Company s investment in Electrum. See Note 10. 

On December 21, 2018, Mentor paid to purchase
 shares of NeuCourt, Inc. NeuCourt common stock, representing approximately of NeuCourt s issued and
outstanding common stock at December 31, 2022. 

as of December 31, 2022.
The Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

The
Company will be required to raise additional capital to fund its operations and will continue to attempt to raise capital resources from
both related and unrelated parties until such time as the Company is able to generate revenues sufficient to maintain itself as a viable
entity. These factors have raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial
statements are presented on the basis that we will continue as a going concern. The going concern concept contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able
to raise additional capital or achieve profitability. However, the Company has Series D warrants outstanding in which the Company
can reset the exercise price substantially below the current market price. Similarly, the Company could reverse split the stock to raise
the stock price above the warrant exercise price. The warrants are specifically not affected and do not split with the shares in the
event of a reverse split. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from repricing the
outstanding warrants. 

Management s
plans include increasing revenues through acquisition, investment, and organic growth. Management anticipates funding these activities
by raising additional capital through the sale of equity securities and debt. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
due to a reduction in our estimated collection amount for the 2021 and 2022 annual installment payments which were affected by the COVID-19
pandemic, and on February 15, 2022, the terms of the investment were modified, resulting in an additional loss of , see Note 3. 

Public
health efforts to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 have included government actions such as travel restrictions, limitations on public
gatherings, shelter in place orders, and mandatory closures. These actions are being lifted to varying degrees. Supply chain disruptions,
inflation, high energy prices, and supply-demand imbalances are expected to continue in 2023. WCI has not experienced an overall reduced
demand for services initially anticipated because WCI helps lower monthly service costs paid by its client properties. However, WCI has
been directly affected by rapid increases to direct costs of fuel, labor, and landfill usage in 2020, 2021, and 2022. WCI s clients
may experience a delay in collecting rent from tenants, which may cause slower payments to WCI. WCI closely monitors customer accounts
and has not experienced significant delays in the collection of accounts receivable. 

According
to the Critical Infrastructure Standards released by the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency on March 18, 2020, Financial
Services Sector businesses, like Mentor, are considered essential businesses. Because of the financial nature of
Mentor s operations, which consist of oversight of our portfolio companies, accounting, compliance, investor relations, and sales,
Mentor s day-to-day operations were not substantially hindered by remote office work or telework. 

We
anticipate that current available resources and opportunities will be sufficient for us to execute our business plan for one year after
the date these financial statements are issued. The ultimate impact of COVID-19, the outbreak of war in Ukraine, and inflation, interest
rate increases, and tax increases on our business, results of operations, cybersecurity, financial condition, and cash flows are dependent
on future developments, including the duration of COVID-19 and the crisis in Ukraine, government responses, and the related length of
this impact on the economy, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

short-term debt securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and , respectively. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and plus accrued interest of and at December 31 2022 and 2021, respectively,
as presented in Note 7. On June 13, 2022, the Company sold of note principal to a third party. 

On
July 15, 2022, the Company and NeuCourt, Inc. entered into an Exchange Agreement by which the and principal amounts of
the NeuCourt November 22, 2017 and October 31, 2018 convertible notes and accrued unpaid interest in the amounts of and 
respectively, were exchanged for a Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE ), a security providing for conversion of the
SAFE into shares of NeuCourt common or preferred stock Capital Stock at some future date. As of July 15, 2022, the Company
received SAFEs in the aggregate face amount of (the Purchase Amount ). 

 The
valuation cap of the SAFE is Valuation Cap ), and the discount rate is Discount Rate ). 

If,
prior to termination, conversion, or expiration of the SAFE, NeuCourt sells a series of preferred stock Equity Preferred Stock to investors in an equity financing raising not less than , Mentor s SAFE shall be converted into shares equal to the Purchase
Amount divided by the lessor of (x) the price per share of the Equity Preferred Stock multiplied by the Discount Rate and (y) the price
per share equal to the Valuation Cap divided by the number of outstanding shares of NeuCourt on a fully diluted, as-converted basis Conversion
Shares ). The Conversion Shares shall consist of (a) the number of shares of Equity Preferred Stock equal to the Purchase Amount
divided by the price per share of the Equity Preferred Stock Preferred Stock and (b) the number of shares of common stock
equal to the Conversion Shares minus the Preferred Stock. 

The
SAFE will expire and terminate upon i) conversion or ii) repayment. The SAFE may be repaid by NeuCourt upon sixty (60) days prior notice Repayment Notice to the Company unless the Company elects during that period to convert the SAFE. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

If
NeuCourt does not close an equity financing round raising or more prior to expiration or termination of the SAFE, the Company
may elect to convert the SAFE into the number of shares of a to-be-created series of preferred stock equal to the (x) Purchase Amount
divided by (y) the Valuation Cap divided by the number of outstanding shares of NeuCourt on a fully diluted, as-converted basis Default
Conversion ). Additionally, if NeuCourt experiences a change of control, initial public offering, ceases operations, or enters
into a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, prior to conversion, termination, or expiration of the SAFE, the Company
will receive the greater of (a) a cash payment equal to the Purchase Amount and (b) the value of the shares issuable on Default Conversion. 

On
July 22, 2022, the Company sold of the SAFE Purchase Amount to a third party. On August 1, 2022, the Company sold an additional
 of the SAFE Purchase Amount to a third party, thereby reducing the outstanding aggregate SAFE Purchase Amount to . 

Subsequent
to year end, on January 20, 2023, the Company and NeuCourt entered into a SAFE Purchase Agreement by which the Company invested an additional
 in the form of a NeuCourt Simple Agreement for Future Equity under the same terms as the previous July 15, 2022 SAFE Purchase
Agreement between NeuCourt and the Company, see Note 23. 

at December 31,
2021. Based on management s estimate of collections, coupled with actual collections On February 15, 2022, we recorded a loss on
this investment of for the year ended December 31, 2022 and a gain of in the year ended December 31, 2021, reflected
in other income on the consolidated income statement. See Note 3. 

Subsequent
to year end, on January 10, 2023, the Company received the 2022 annual installment payment of . Three additional annual
installment payments are due in 2023, 2024, and 2025. The Company has retained its impairment reserves and recorded losses on investment
due to a history of uncertain payments. See Note 23. 

to ; furniture and equipment, ; and vehicles and trailers, to . Depreciation on vehicles used by WCI
to service its customers is included in cost of goods sold in the consolidated income statements. All other depreciation is included
in selling, general and administrative costs in the consolidated income statements. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Expenditures
for major renewals and improvements are capitalized, while minor replacements, maintenance, and repairs, which do not extend the asset
lives, are charged to operations as incurred. Upon sale or disposition, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from
the accounts and any gain or loss is included in operations. The Company continually monitors events
 and changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying balances of its property and
equipment may not be recoverable in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment. When
such events or changes in circumstances are present, the Company assesses the recoverability of long-lived assets by determining whether
the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the total of the future cash
flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying
amount over the fair value of the assets. See Note. 5. 

The
Company reviews intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances
has occurred that would indicate impairment or a change in the remaining useful life. Conditions that may indicate
 impairment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in legal factors or business
climate that could affect the value of an asset, a product recall, or an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. If an impairment
indicator exists, we test the intangible asset for recoverability. For purposes of the recoverability test, we group our amortizable
intangible assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows if the intangible asset does not generate
cash flows independent of other assets and liabilities. If the carrying value of the intangible asset (asset group) exceeds the undiscounted
cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the intangible asset (asset group), the Company will write the
carrying value down to the fair value in the period identified. 

. Our fleet finance leases contain a residual value guarantee which, based on past lease experience, is unlikely to result in a
liability at the end of the lease. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based
on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 

Costs
associated with operating lease assets are recognized on a straight-line basis, over the term of the lease, within cost of goods sold
for vehicles used in direct servicing of WCI customers and in operating expenses for costs associated with all other operating leases.
Finance lease assets are amortized within cost of goods sold for vehicles used in direct servicing of WCI customers and within operating
expenses for all other finance lease assets, on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or
the lease term. The interest component of a finance lease is included in interest expense and recognized using the effective interest
method over the lease term. We have agreements that contain both lease and non-lease components. For vehicle fleet operating leases,
we account for lease components together with non-lease components (e.g., maintenance fees). 

was derived from consolidating WCI effective January 1, 2014, and of goodwill was derived from t he
 1999 acquisition of a interest in WCI. In accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other, goodwill
and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are no longer subject to amortization but are tested for impairment annually or whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

The
Company reviews the goodwill allocated to each of our reporting units for possible impairment annually as of December 31 and whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate carrying amount may not be recoverable. In the impairment test, the Company measures the
recoverability of goodwill by comparing a reporting unit s carrying amount, including goodwill, to the estimated fair value of
the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit is in excess of its fair value, the Company recognizes an impairment charge
equal to the amount in excess. To estimate the fair value, management uses valuation techniques which included the discounted value of
estimated future cash flows. The evaluation of impairment requires the Company to make assumptions about future cash flows over the life
of the asset being evaluated. These assumptions require significant judgment and are subject to change as future events and circumstances
change. Actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. Management determined that no impairment write-downs were required
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were and potentially dilutive
shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Assumed
conversion of Series Q Preferred Stock into Common Stock would be anti-dilutive as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is not included
in calculating the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

for years, through 2026, totaling in exchange for shares of Mentor Common
Stock obtained through the exercise of Series D warrants at per share plus a per warrant redemption price. 

The
Company valued the transaction based on the market value of Company common shares exchanged in the transaction, resulting in a 
discount from the face value of the account receivable. The discount is being amortized monthly to interest over the 11-year term of
the agreement. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we were notified that due to the effect of COVID-19, we might not receive the 2020 installment
or the full 2021 installment. Based on management s collection estimates, we recorded an investment loss of on the investment
in account receivable at December 31, 2021. In 2021, the Company reevaluated estimated collections and recorded an investment gain of
 . The loss of and gain of are reflected in other income on the consolidated income statement for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Subsequent to year end, on January 10, 2023, the Company received the 2022 annual installment
payment of . Three additional annual installment payments are due in 2023, 2024, and 2025. The Company has retained
its impairment reserves and recorded losses on investment due to a history of uncertain payments. See Note 23. 

Impairment 
 - 

Unamortized discount 

Net balance 

Current portion 
 - 
 - 
 
 Long term portion 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of discount amortization is included in interest income. 

Accrued sales tax receivable from customers 
 
 - 
 
 Other 
 
 - 

Total Other receivable 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

In
2022, WCI received an Employee Retention Tax Credit ERTC in the amount of , in conjunction with WCI s
professional employer organization s receipt and application of the same to WCI leased employees. The ERTC was initially established
by Section 2301 of Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act of 2020, as amended by Sections 206-207 of the Taxpayer Certainty
and Disaster Relief Act and by Division EE of Consolidated Appropriation Act of 2021 and Section 9651 of American Rescue Plan Act of
2021; which is authorized by Section 3134 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Consolidated Appropriation Act of 2021 and American Rescue
Plan Act of 2021 amendments to the ERTC program provided eligible employers with a tax credit in an amount equal to 70 of qualified
wages (including certain health care expenses) that eligible employers pay their employees after January 1, 2021 through December 31,
2021, as amended by the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021, which retroactively ended the ERTC program as of September 30,
2021 for all businesses with the exception of recovery startups. The maximum amount of qualified wages taken into account with respect
to each employee for each calendar quarter is so that the maximum credit that an eligible employer may claim for qualified wages
paid to any employee is per quarter. The credit is taken against an employer s share of social security tax reported by
WCI s professional employer organization on Form 941-X for each applicable quarter. The receipt of the tax credit is expected to
improve WCI s liquidity due to the effects of the credit. Although WCI s professional employer organization currently anticipates
receiving credits for wages paid in 2020 and the first three quarters of 2021, there can be no assurances that WCI or WCI s professional
employer organization will continue to meet the requirements or that changes in the ERTC regulations including changes in guidance provided
by the IRS with respect to the implementation and operation of the ERTC, will not be adopted that could reduce or eliminate the benefits
that WCI and WCI s professional employer organization may receive or qualify for. 

ERTC
income of and is reflected in other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in the condensed consolidated
income statement. WCI received the ERTC based on qualitative information submitted. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 
was claimed against current payroll tax liabilities as they became due. 

The
December 31, 2021, ERTC balance of , was received by Mentor as a refund in the year of 2022. The balance at December 31, 2022
is 0 . 

Furniture and fixtures 

Machinery and vehicles 

Gross
 Property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net Property and equipment 

Depreciation
and amortization expense were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of these amounts, depreciation
on WCI vehicles used to service customer accounts is included in cost of goods sold and was and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All other depreciation is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated
income statements. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. Accumulated amortization associated with finance leases was and as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

Operating lease cost included in operating costs 

Total operating lease cost (1) 

Finance lease cost, included in cost of goods: 

Amortization of lease assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total finance lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total lease cost 

Right
of use asset amortization under operating agreements was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

years 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term finance leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

Weighted-average discount rate finance leases 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of finance lease liabilities 

Less: current portion 

Long-term finance lease liabilities 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Less: current portion 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Lease
maturities are disclosed in Note 15. 

at December 31, 2021. The convertible note plus accrued interest of 
 was converted to a SAFE investment in NeuCourt as further described in the note below. per annum, originally matured
 November 22, 2019, and was extended to mature November 22, 2021, and subsequently to . Principal and accrued
 interest were due at maturity. Upon extension, the Company received a cash payment of 
 for interest accrued through November 4, 2019. The convertible note and accrued interest were exchanged for a SAFE security
 as further described below. 
 - 

The October 31, 2018, NeuCourt, Inc. convertible note receivable included
 accrued interest of 
 at December 31, 2021. The note bore interest at 
 per annum and was to mature on . Principal and accrued interest were due at maturity. On July 15, 2022, the convertible note and accrued interest
 of 
 were exchanged for a SAFE security as further described below. 
 - 

Total convertible notes receivable 
 - 

Less current portion 
 - 

Long term portion 
 - 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

valuation cap by the fully diluted number of shares. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued on conversion
 was the quotient obtained by dividing the outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on a Note to be converted on the date
 of conversion by the Conversion Price (the Total Number of Shares ), The Total Number of Shares consisted of Preferred
 Stock and Common Stock as follows: (i) That number of shares of Preferred Stock obtained by dividing (a) the principal amount of
 each Note and all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder by (b) the price per share paid by other purchasers of Preferred Stock in
 the Next Equity Financing (such number of shares, the Number of Preferred Stock and (ii) that number of shares of
 Common Stock equal to the Total Number of Shares minus the Number of Preferred Stock. 
 
 On
 July 15, 2022, the Company and NeuCourt, Inc. entered into an Exchange Agreement by which the and principal amounts
 of the NeuCourt November 22, 2017 and October 31, 2018 convertible notes and accrued unpaid interest in the amounts of and
 , respectively, were exchanged for a Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE ), a security providing for conversion
 of the SAFE into shares of NeuCourt common or preferred stock Capital Stock at some future date. As of July 15, 2022,
 the Company received SAFEs in the aggregate face amount of (the Purchase Amount ). 
 
 The
 valuation cap of the SAFE is Valuation Cap ), and the discount rate is Discount Rate ). 
 
 If,
 prior to termination, conversion, or expiration of the SAFE, NeuCourt sells a series of preferred stock Equity Preferred
 Stock to investors in an equity financing raising not less than , Mentor s SAFE shall be converted into shares
 equal to the Purchase Amount divided by the lessor of (x) the price per share of the Equity Preferred Stock multiplied by the Discount
 Rate and (y) the price per share equal to the Valuation Cap divided by the number of outstanding shares of NeuCourt on a fully diluted,
 as-converted basis Conversion Shares ). The Conversion Shares shall consist of (a) the number of shares of Equity Preferred
 Stock equal to the Purchase Amount divided by the price per share of the Equity Preferred Stock Preferred Stock and
 (b) the number of shares of common stock equal to the Conversion Shares minus the Preferred Stock. 
 
 The
 SAFE will expire and terminate upon i) conversion or ii) repayment. The SAFE may be repaid by NeuCourt upon sixty (60) days prior
 notice Repayment Notice to the Company unless the Company elects during that period to convert the SAFE. 
 
 If
 NeuCourt does not close an equity financing round raising or more prior to expiration or termination of the SAFE, the Company
 may elect to convert the SAFE into the number of shares of a to-be-created series of preferred stock equal to the (x) Purchase Amount
 divided by (y) the Valuation Cap divided by the number of outstanding shares of NeuCourt on a fully diluted, as-converted basis Default
 Conversion ). Additionally, if NeuCourt experiences a change of control, initial public offering, ceases operations, or enters
 into a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, prior to conversion, termination, or expiration of the SAFE, the Company
 will receive the greater of (a) a cash payment equal to the Purchase Amount and (b) the value of the shares issuable on Default Conversion. 
 
 On
 July 22, 2022, the Company sold of the SAFE Purchase Amount to a third party. On August 1, 2022, the Company sold an additional
 of the SAFE Purchase Amount to a third party, thereby reducing the aggregate outstanding SAFE Purchase Amount to . 
 
 Subsequent
 to year end, on January 20, 2023, the Company and NeuCourt entered into a SAFE Purchase Agreement by which the Company invested an
 additional in the form of a NeuCourt Simple Agreement for Future Equity under the same terms as the previous July 15, 2022
 SAFE Purchase Agreement between NeuCourt and the Company, see Note 23. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

, both
of which bore interest at per annum, with monthly payments beginning on April 15, 2017 and maturity on . The two
G Farma notes, as amended by subsequent addenda, are secured by all property, real and personal, tangible, or intangible of G Farma and
are guaranteed by GF Brands, Inc. and two majority shareholders of G Farma. As of March 4, 2019, the Company and G Farma had executed
eight addenda subsequent to the original agreement. Addendum II through Addendum VIII increased the aggregate principal face amount of
the working capital note to and increased the monthly payments on the working capital note to per month beginning March
15, 2019. G Farma has not made scheduled payments on the notes receivable since February 19, 2019. 

On
February 22, 2019, the City of Corona Building Department closed access to G Farma s corporate location and posted a notice preventing
entry to the facility; the Company was not informed by G Farma of this incident until March 14, 2019. The notice cited unpermitted modifications
to electrical, mechanical, and plumbing, including all undetermined building modifications, as the reason for closure. On April 24, 2019,
the Company was notified that certain G Farma assets at the corporate location, including equipment leased to G Farma by Mentor Partner
I valued at approximately , were impounded by the Corona Police. This event significantly impacted G Farma s financial
position and its ability to make future payments under the notes purchase agreements and the finance leases receivable, described in
Note 9, due the Company. 

G
Farma has not made scheduled payments on the notes receivable or the G Farma finance lease receivable, described in Note 8, since February
19, 2019. All arrangements with G Farma, were placed on non-accrual basis effective April 1, 2019. Accrual of interest on notes receivable
and finance leases, as well as consulting revenue, was suspended April 1, 2019. The notes receivable balances of and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are fully reserved and reflected in the consolidated balance sheet as and at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
November 4, 2020, the Court granted Mentor Capital, Inc. s and Mentor Partner I s motion for summary adjudication as to all
four causes of action: both causes of action against G FarmaLabs Limited for breach of the two promissory notes totaling and
one cause of action against each of Mr. Gonzalez and Ms. Gonzalez related to their duties as guarantors of G FarmaLabs Limited s
obligations under the promissory notes. See legal proceedings described in Note 20. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company and Mentor Partner I entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release with the G Farma Entities and
guarantors G Farma Settlors to resolve and settle all outstanding claims Settlement Agreement ). plus interest, payable monthly as follows: (i) 500
per month for 12 months beginning on September 5, 2021, (ii) 1,000 per month for 12 months beginning September 5, 2022, (iii) 2,000
per month for 12 months beginning September 5, 2023, and (iv) increasing by an additional 1,000 per month on each succeeding September
5th thereafter, until the settlement amount and accrued unpaid interest are paid in full. Interest on the unpaid balance shall initially
accrue at the rate of 4.25 per annum, commencing February 25, 2021, compounded monthly, and shall be adjusted on February 25th of each
year to equal the Prime Rate as published in the Wall Street Journal plus 1 . In the event that the G Farma Settlors fail to make any
monthly payment and have not cured two such defaults within 10 days of notice from the Company, the parties have stipulated that an additional
 
 should be added to the amount payable by the
G Farma Settlors. 

On
October 12, 2021, the parties filed a Stipulation for Dismissal and Continued Jurisdiction with the Superior Court of California in the
County of Marin. The Court ordered that it retain jurisdiction over the parties under Section 664.6 of the California Code of Civil Procedure
to enforce the Settlement Agreement until the performance in full of its terms is met. 

In
August 2022, September 2022, and October 2022, the G Farma Settlors failed to make monthly payments, and failed to cure each default within 10 days 
notice from Company pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. As a result, should
be added to the amount payable by the G Farma Settlors in accordance with the terms of the Settlement Agreement. The Company is requesting
that the stipulated judgment be entered against the G Farma Settlors for (1) the remaining amount of the settlement amount which
has not yet been paid by the G Farma Settlors plus and all accrued unpaid interest, (2) the Company s incurred costs,
and (3) attorneys fees paid by the Company to obtain the judgment. We will continue to pursue collection from the G Farma Settlors
over time. 

The
Company has retained the full reserve on unpaid notes receivable balance due to the long history of uncertain payments from G Farma.
Payments from G Farma will be recognized in Other Income as they are received. See Notes 1 and 9. Recovery payments of and 
are included in other income in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. No
payments were received from G Farma in the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

leased to the G Farma Lease Entities under
the Master Equipment Lease Agreement, was impounded by the Corona Police. This event severely impacted G Farma s ability to pay
amounts due the Company in the future and the G Farma lease receivable was put on non-accrual status effective April 1, 2019. In 2019
an impairment of was recorded. Additional bad debt expense of and , recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively, is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated income statement. 

In
2020, the Company repossessed leased equipment under G Farma s control with a cost of and sold it to the highest offerors
for net proceeds of , after shipping and delivery costs. Net sales proceeds were applied against the finance lease receivable. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company and Mentor Partner I entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release with the G Farma Entities to
resolve and settle all outstanding claims as further discussed in Notes 1 8, and 20. 

On
October 12, 2021, the parties filed a Stipulation for Dismissal and Continued Jurisdiction with the Superior Court of California in the
County of Marin. The Court ordered that it retain jurisdiction over the parties under Section 664.6 of the California Code of Civil Procedure
to enforce the Settlement Agreement until the performance in full of its terms is met. 

In
August 2022, September 2022, and October 2022, the G Farma Settlors failed to make monthly payments, and failed to cure each default within 10 days 
notice from Company pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. As a result, should
be added to the amount payable by the G Farma Settlors in accordance with the terms of the Settlement Agreement. The Company is requesting
that the stipulated judgment be entered against the G Farma Settlors for (1) the remaining amount of the settlement amount which
has not yet been paid by the G Farma Settlors plus and all accrued unpaid interest, (2) the Company s incurred costs,
and (3) attorneys fees paid by the Company to obtain the judgment. See Notes 1, 8, and 20. 

Net
finance leases receivable from G Farma remain fully impaired at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Payment received under this settlement will
first be applied against the notes receivable described in Note 8 and if any additional amounts are recovered, will then be applied against
the finance leases receivable. 

Less: unearned interest 

Less: reserve for bad debt 

Finance leases receivable 
 - 
 - 

Mentor
Partner II 

Partner
II entered into a Master Equipment Lease Agreement with Pueblo West, dated February 11, 2018, amended November 28, 2018 and March 12,
2019. Partner II acquired and delivered manufacturing equipment as selected by Pueblo West under sales-type finance leases. 

On September 27, 2022, Pueblo West exercised its lease prepayment option
and purchased the manufacturing equipment for 245,369. On September 28, 2022 Partner II transferred full title to the equipment to Pueblo
West. 

At December 31, 2021 and September 27, 2022, all Partner II leased
equipment under finance leases receivable is located in Colorado. 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Less: unearned interest 
 - 

Finance leases receivable 
 - 

Less current portion 
 - 

Long term portion 
 - 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Finance
lease revenue recognized on Partner I finance leases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 

Finance
lease revenue recognized on Partner II finance leases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

On September 27, 2022, Pueblo
West exercised its lease prepayment option and purchased the manufacturing equipment for . On September 28, 2022 Partner II transferred
full title to the equipment to Pueblo West. Therefore, the Company s lease receivable of , , , and for
2023, 2024, 2025, and 2026, respectively, reported as of December 31, 2021 and the Company s interest receivable of , ,
 , and for 2023, 2024, 2025, and 2026, respectively, reported as of December 31, 2021 is no longer applicable. At December 31,
2022, minimum future payments receivable for performing finance leases receivable were . 

of costs incurred in the
Litigation, in consideration for ten percent of anything of value received by Electrum as a result of the Litigation Recovery in addition to repayment of its initial investment. As of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Mentor invested an additional 
and , respectively, of capital in Electrum for payment of legal retainers and fees in consideration for an additional nine percent of the Recovery. On November 18, 2022, Electrum repaid to the Company pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement
Agreement and Mutual Release, following the Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent in the County
of San Mateo. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Recovery Agreement investment was reported in the consolidated balance sheets at 
and , respectively 

On
October 31, 2018, Mentor also entered into a secured Capital Agreement with Electrum under which Mentor invested an additional 
of capital in Electrum. Due to the coronavirus
and the resulting delay in the trial date of the Litigation, on November 1, 2021 the parties amended the October 31, 2018 Capital Agreement
for the purpose of extending the payment to the earlier of November 1, 2023, or the final resolution of the Litigation and increased
the monthly payment payable by Electrum to . On November 18, 2022, Electrum repaid to the Company pursuant to a certain
November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, following the Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and
the escrow agent in the County of San Mateo. This investment is included at cost of and in Contractual interests in legal
recoveries on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

On
January 28, 2019, Mentor entered into a second secured Capital Agreement with Electrum. Under the second Capital Agreement, Mentor invested
an additional of capital in Electrum. . On November 18, 2022,
Electrum repaid to the Company pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, following the
Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent in the County of San Mateo. This investment is included
at its and cost as part of the Contractual interests in legal recoveries on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

In
addition, the January 28, 2019 Capital Agreement provides that Mentor may, at any time up to and including 90 days following the payment
date, elect to convert its membership interests in Electrum into a cash payment of plus an additional of the Recovery.
On November 18, 2022, Electrum repaid to the Company pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual
Release, following the Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent in the County of San Mateo. The
Company had and Electrum membership interest units and and equity interest in Electrum at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

On
or about September 14, 2022, Electrum and Aurora Cannabis, Inc. settled the Litigation claims and Electrum received CAD , or
approximately USD , in settlement funds from Aurora Cannabis, Inc. Settlement Funds ), which had been placed in
escrow. Pursuant to an escrow agreement entered into by and between Electrum, Mentor, and the escrow agent, Mentor was to be paid amounts
due and owing to it under the Capital Agreements and Recovery Purchase Agreements from the Settlement Funds before any remaining amounts
are to be distributed to Electrum. However, such payment was not received. On or about September 20, 2022, the escrow agent resigned,
and Electrum refused to agree to a successor escrow agent in accordance with the terms of the escrow agreement. On October 21, 2022,
the Company filed suit against the escrow agent, Electrum, and Does 1 through 10, seeking declaratory relief from the California Superior
Court in the County of San Mateo that the escrow agent shall either distribute the Settlement Funds or transfer the Settlement Funds
to the successor escrow agent, all in accordance with the escrow agreement. 

On
November 18, 2022, Electrum repaid to the Company pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release,
following the Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent in the County of San Mateo. The Company
applied to the Recovery Purchase Agreement, to the Capital Agreements, and the remaining to its equity
interest in Electrum, resulting in a loss on the Company s investment in Electrum. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

October 31, 2018 secured Capital Agreement 
 - 

January 28, 2019 secured Capital Agreement 
 - 

Total Invested 
 - 

to the Company pursuant to a certain November 14, 2022 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, following
the Company s October 21, 2022 lawsuit against Electrum and the escrow agent. The Company applied to the Recovery Purchase
Agreement and to the Capital Agreements. The remaining was applied to the Company s former equity interest in
Electrum. 

- 

Total
 gains or losses 

Included
 in earnings (or changes in net assets) 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases,
 issuances, sales, and settlements 

Purchases 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuances 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sales 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Settlements 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Beginning balance 
 
 - 

Total
 gains or losses 

Included
 in earnings (or changes in net assets) 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases,
 issuances, sales, and settlements 

Purchases 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuances 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sales 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Settlements 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Ending balance 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Prior to December 31, 2022, the Company sold its remaining
shares of NASDAQ listed company stock. At December 31, 2022. The amortized costs, gross unrealized holding gains and losses, and fair
values of the Company s investment securities classified as equity securities, at fair value, at December 31, 2022 were . 

Less: Net gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity securities sold during the period 

Unrealized gains and losses recognized during the reporting period on equity securities still held at the reporting date 
 - 

, the Company filed for voluntary reorganization with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of
California, and on January 11, 2000, the Company s Plan of Reorganization was approved. Among other things, the Company s
Plan of Reorganization allowed creditors and claimants to receive new Series A, B, C, and D warrants in settlement of their prior claims.
The warrants expire on May 11, 2038. 

All
Series A, B, C and D warrants have been called, and, as of December 31, 2021, all Series A and C warrants have been exercised. The Company
intends to allow warrant holders or Company designees, in place of original holders, additional time as needed to exercise the remaining
Series D warrants. The Company may lower the exercise price of all or part of a warrant series at any time. Similarly, the Company could
reverse split the stock to raise the stock price above the warrant exercise price. The warrants are specifically not affected and do
not split with the shares in the event of a reverse split. If the called warrants are not exercised, the Company has the right to designate
the warrants to a new holder in return for a per share redemption fee payable to the original warrant holders as discussed further
in Note 12. All such changes in the exercise price of warrants were provided for by the court in the Plan of Reorganization to provide
a mechanism for all debtors to receive value even if they could not or did not exercise their warrant. Therefore, Management believes
that the act of lowering the exercise price is not a change from the original warrant grants and the Company did not record an accounting
impact as the result of such change in exercise prices. 

All
Series A and Series C warrants were exercised by December 31, 2014. On January 11, 2022, Mr. Billingsley exercised his Series
B warrants in exchange for shares of the Company s Common Stock. As a result, all Series B warrants were exercised on January
11, 2022. Exercise prices in effect at January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2022 for Series D warrants were . 

In
2009, the Company entered into an Investment Banking agreement with Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. and a related Strategic Advisory
Agreement with Lenox Hill Partners, LLC with regard to a potential merger with a cancer development company. In conjunction with those
related agreements, the Company issued Series H Warrants, with a -year life. On November 14, 2022, the Series
H Warrants of Lenox Hill Partners, LLC were cancelled pursuant to a Settlement Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, there were 
Series H Warrants outstanding. The warrants are subject to cashless exercise based upon the ten-day trailing closing bid price preceding
the exercise as interpreted by the Company. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the weighted average contractual life for all Mentor warrants was years and years, respectively,
and the weighted average outstanding warrant exercise price was and per share, respectively. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, warrants were exercised, and warrants were issued. The intrinsic value of outstanding
warrants at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Issued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Issued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 - 

Series
E, F, G and H warrants were issued for investment banking and advisory services during 2009. Series E, F and G warrants were exercised
in 2014. On November 14, 2022, the Series H Warrants of Lenox Hill Partners, LLC were cancelled pursuant to a Settlement Agreement.
As of December 31, 2022, there were Series H Warrants outstanding. The following table summarizes Series H warrants
as of each period: 

Series H 7.00 exercise price 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Issued 
 - 
 
 Canceled 

Exercised 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Outstanding 

Issued 
 - 
 
 Canceled 

Exercised 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Outstanding 

On
February 9, 2015, in accordance with Section 1145 of the United States Bankruptcy Code and the Company s Plan of Reorganization,
the Company announced a minimum 30-day partial redemption of up to 1 (approximately 90,000) of the already outstanding Series D warrants
to provide for the court specified redemption mechanism for warrants not exercised timely by the original holder or their estates. Company
designees that applied during the 30 days paid 10 cents per warrant to redeem the warrant and then exercised the Series D warrant to
purchase a share at the court specified formula of not more than one-half of the closing bid price on the day preceding the 30-day exercise
period. In the Company s October 7, 2016 press release, Mentor stated that the 1 redemptions which were formerly priced on a calendar
month schedule would subsequently be initiated and be priced on a random date schedule after the prior 1 redemption is completed to
prevent potential third-party manipulation of share prices at month-end. The periodic partial redemptions could continue to be periodically
recalculated and repeated until such unexercised warrants are exhausted, or the partial redemption is otherwise paused, suspended, or
truncated by the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no warrants were redeemed. 

redemption fee to the former holders. Certain individuals desiring to become
a Company designee to redeem warrants have deposited redemption fees with the Company that, when warrants are redeemed, will be forwarded
to the former warrant holders through DTCC or at their last known address 30 days after the last warrant of a class is exercised, or
earlier at the discretion of the Company. The Company has arranged for a service to process the redemption fees in offset to an equal
amount of liability. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

In
prior years the Series A, Series B, and Series C redemption fees have been distributed through DTCC into holder s brokerage accounts
or directly to the holders. All Series A, Series B, and Series C warrants have been exercised and are no longer outstanding. At December
31, 2021, there were Series B warrants outstanding which were held by Chet Billingsley, the Company s Chief Executive Officer.
On January 11, 2022, Mr. Billingsley exercised his Series B warrants in exchange for shares of the Company s Common
Stock. 

Once
the Series D warrants have been fully redeemed and exercised, the fees for the Series D warrant series will likewise be distributed.
Mr. Billingsley has agreed to assume liability for paying these redemption fees and therefore warrant redemption fees received are retained
by the Company for operating costs. Should Mr. Billingsley be incapacitated or otherwise become unable to pay the warrant redemption
fees, the Company will remit the warrant redemption fees to former holders from amounts due to Mr. Billingsley from the Company, which
are sufficient to cover the redemption fees at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

authorized shares of Common Stock at par value. The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on
all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. 

On
August 8, 2014, the Company announced that it was initiating the repurchase of shares of its Common Stock (approximately 2 of
the Company s common shares outstanding at that time). As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and shares have been repurchased
and retired, respectively. 

Preferred
Stock 

Mentor
has , par value, preferred shares authorized. 

On
July 13, 2017, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences, Privileges and Restrictions of Series Q Preferred
Stock Certificate of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of State to designate preferred shares as Series
Q Preferred Stock, such series having a par value of per share. Series Q Preferred Stock is convertible into Common Stock, at
the option of the holder, at any time after the date of issuance of such share and prior to notice of redemption of such share of Series
Q Preferred Stock by the Company, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as determined by dividing the
Series Q Conversion Value by the Conversion Price at the time in effect for such share. 

The
per share Series Q Conversion Value, as defined in the Certificate of Designation, shall be calculated by the Company at
least once each calendar quarter as follows: The per share Series Q Conversion Value shall be equal to the quotient of the Core
Q Holdings Asset Value divided by the number of issued and outstanding shares of Series Q Preferred Stock. The Core Q Holdings
Asset Value shall equal the value, as calculated and published by the Company, of all assets that constitute Core Q Holdings which
shall include such considerations as the Company designates and need not accord with any established or commonly employed valuation method
or considerations. Core Q Holdings consists of all proceeds received by the Company on the sale of shares of Series Q Preferred
Stock and all securities, acquisitions, and business acquired from such proceeds by the Company. The Company shall periodically, but
at least once each calendar quarter, identify, update, account for and value, the assets that comprise the Core Q Holdings. 

The Series Q Preferred Stock will be available only to accredited, institutional
or qualified investors. 

The
Company sold and issued shares of Series Q Preferred Stock on May 30, 2018, at a price of per share, for an aggregate purchase
price of Series Q Purchase Price ). The Company invested the Series Q Purchase Price as capital in Partner II
to purchase equipment to be leased to Pueblo West. Therefore, the Core Q Holdings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include this interest.
The Core Q Holdings Asset Value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and per share, respectively. There is contingent
liability for the Series Q Preferred Stock conversion at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Series Q Preferred Stock could have been converted at the Conversion Price of and , respectively,
into an aggregate of and shares of the Company s Common Stock, respectively. Because there were net losses
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, these shares were anti-dilutive and therefore are not included in the weighted average
share calculation for these periods. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Less: Present value discount 

Total lease liabilities 

per annum, monthly principal, and interest payments of , collateralized by vehicle. 
 
 - 

Bank of America auto loan, interest at per annum, monthly principal, and interest payments of , maturing , collateralized by vehicle. 

Bank of America auto loan, interest at per annum, monthly principal, and interest payments of , maturing , collateralized by vehicle. 

Total notes payable 

Less: Current maturities 

Long
 term debt 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively, from the Bank of Southern California
and the Republic Bank of Arizona (collectively, the PPP Loans ). The PPP Loans were forgiven in November 2020, except for
 of WCI s loan that was not eligible for forgiveness at the time due to receipt of a Economic Injury Disaster Loan
Advance EIDL Advance ). However, on December 27, 2020, Section 1110(e)(6) of the CARES Act was repealed by Section 333
of the Economic Aid Act. As a result, the SBA automatically remitted a reconciliation payment to WCI s PPP lender, the Republic
Bank of Arizona, for the previously deducted EIDL Advance amount, plus interest through the remittance date. On March 16, 2021, The Republic
Bank of Arizona notified WCI of receipt of the reconciliation payment and full forgiveness of the EIDL Advance. The forgiveness
is reflected as other income in the year ended December 31, 2021, in the condensed consolidated income statements. 

On
February 17, 2021, Mentor received a second PPP Loan in the amount of Second PPP Loan pursuant to Division N,
Title III, of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (the Economic Aid Act as further set forth at Section 311 et.
seq. of the Economic Aid Act. The Second PPP Loan was forgiven effective October 26, 2021. 

The
Company records PPP Loans as a liability in accordance with FASB ASC 470, Debt and records accrued interest through
the effective date of forgiveness on the PPP Loans. Total gain on extinguishment of the PPP Loans and accrued interest is reported in
other income and expense in the consolidated income statement. 

May 5, 2020, loan from Republic Bank of Arizona to Waste Consolidators, Inc., revised December 1, 2020. The note
bore interest at 1 per annum, with monthly principal and interest payments of 560 beginning December 15, 2020. Loan was forgiven by
SBA on March 16, 2021. PPP loan balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of 0 and 0. 

Economic
injury disaster loan 

On
July 9, 2020, WCI received an additional Economic Injury Disaster Loan in the amount of through the SBA. The loan is secured
by all tangible and intangible personal property of WCI, bears interest at per annum, requires monthly installment payments of
 beginning , and matures July 2050. In March 2021, the SBA extended the deferment period for payments which extended the
initial payment until July 2022. The loan is collateralized by all tangible and intangible assets of WCI. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The note is secured by all tangible and intangible personal property of WCI, bears interest at per annum, requires monthly installment payments of beginning January 7, 2023, and matures July 7, 2050. 

Long term debt 

Less: Current maturities 
 
 - 

Long-term portion of economic injury disaster loan 

at December 31, 2021. 

Interest
expense on the EIDL Loan for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Accrued retirement and other benefits 

Offset by shareholder advance 

Total
 outstanding liability 

As
approved by resolution of the Board of Directors in 1998, the CEO will be paid an incentive fee and a bonus which are payable in installments
at the CEO s option. The incentive fee is of the increase in market capitalization based on the bid price of the Company s
stock beyond the book value at confirmation of the bankruptcy, which was approximately . The bonus is of the increase in
market capitalization for each increase in stock price up to a maximum of per share based on the bid price of the stock beyond
the book value at confirmation of the bankruptcy. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the incentive fee expense was and
 , respectively. 

and at February 15, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The note was fully paid off on February 15, 2022. The note bore interest at per annum and was due on demand. 
 - 

Loans from Mentor CEO, including interest of and at December 1, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The notes were fully paid off on December 1, 2022. The notes bore interest at per annum compounded quarterly and were due within thirty days of demand. 
 - 

- 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

, the Company and Mentor Partner I, LLC filed suit against the G Farma Entities and three guarantors to the G Farma agreements,
described in Notes 1, 8, and 9, in the California Superior Court in and for the County of Marin. The Company primarily sought monetary
damages for breach of the G Farma agreements, including promissory notes, leases, and other agreements, as well as actions for an injunction
to recover leased property, to recover collateral under a security agreement, and to collect from guarantors on the agreements. Due to
uncertainty of collection, the Company has recorded reserves against the finance leases receivable described in Note 9 and has fully
impaired all other notes receivables and investments in G Farma described in Note 8. 

On
January 31, 2020, all remaining equipment leased to G Farma by Mentor Partner I, which was not impounded by the Corona Police, was repossessed
by the Company, and moved to storage under the Company s control. In the quarter ended March 31, 2020, the Company sold a portion
of the recovered equipment, with an original cost of , for net proceeds of . In the quarter ended June 30, 2020, the
Company sold all remaining recovered equipment, with an original cost of , for net proceeds of , after deducting shipping
and delivery costs. All proceeds from the sale of repossessed equipment were applied to the G Farma lease receivable balance. 

On
July 2, 2020, Mentor Capital, Inc. and Mentor Partner I, LLC filed a motion for summary adjudication seeking judgment on four of its
sixteen causes of action related to breach of the Promissory Notes and the related guarantees. 

On
November 4, 2020, the Court granted Mentor Capital, Inc. s and Mentor Partner I s motion for summary adjudication as to all
four causes of action: both causes of action against G FarmaLabs Limited for breach of the two promissory notes totaling and
one cause of action against each of Mr. Gonzalez and Ms. Gonzalez related to their duties as guarantors of G FarmaLabs Limited s
obligations under the promissory notes. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company and Mentor Partner I entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release with the G Farma Entities and
guarantors G Farma Settlors to resolve and settle all outstanding claims Settlement Agreement ). plus interest, payable monthly as follows: (i) 500
per month for 12 months beginning on September 5, 2021, (ii) 1,000 per month for 12 months beginning September 5, 2022, (iii) 2,000
per month for 12 months beginning September 5, 2023, and (iv) increasing by an additional 1,000 per month on each succeeding September
5th thereafter, until the settlement amount and accrued unpaid interest are paid in full. Interest on the unpaid balance shall initially
accrue at the rate of 4.25 per annum, commencing February 25, 2021, compounded monthly, and shall be adjusted on February 25th of each
year to equal the Prime Rate as published in the Wall Street Journal plus 1 . In the event that the G Farma Settlors fail to make any
monthly payment and have not cured two such defaults within 10 days of notice from the Company, the parties have stipulated that an additional
 should be added to the amount payable by the G Farma Settlors. 

On
October 12, 2021, the parties filed a Stipulation for Dismissal and Continued Jurisdiction with the Superior Court of California in the
County of Marin. The Court ordered that it retain jurisdiction over the parties under Section 664.6 of the California Code of Civil Procedure
to enforce the Settlement Agreement until the performance in full of its terms is met. 

In
August 2022, September 2022, and October 2022, the G Farma Settlors failed to make monthly payments, and failed to cure each default within 10 days 
notice from Company pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. As a result, should
be added to the amount payable by the G Farma Settlors in accordance with the terms of the Settlement Agreement. The Company is requesting
that the stipulated judgment be entered against the G Farma Settlors for (1) the remaining amount of the settlement amount which
has not yet been paid by the G Farma Settlors plus and all accrued unpaid interest, (2) the Company s incurred costs,
and (3) attorneys fees paid by the Company to obtain the judgment. We will continue to pursue collection from the G Farma Settlors
over time. 

The
Company has retained the full reserve on unpaid notes receivable balance due to the long history of uncertain payments from G Farma.
Payments from G Farma will be recognized in Other Income as they are received. See Notes 1, 8, and 9. Recovery payments of and
 are included in other income in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
No payments were received from G Farma in the year ended December 31, 2020. 

 The
Company has retained the reserve on collections of the unpaid lease receivable balance due to the long history of uncertain payments
from G Farma. Payments recovered will be reported as Other income in the consolidated income statements. See Note 9 for a discussion
of the reserve against the finance lease receivable. 

For
G Farma notes receivable we will continue to pursue collection of the settlement payments from the G Farma Settlors, its affiliates,
and the guarantors of the various G Farma note purchase agreements that are fully impaired at December 31, 2022 and 2021; see Note 8.
We will continue to pursue collection for lease payments remaining, after applying proceeds from the sale of recovered assets, that are
fully impaired at December 31, 2022 and 2021, from the G Farma Settlors, Lease Entities, and G Farma Lease Guarantors, see Note 9. 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

reportable segments; 1) the historic cannabis and medical marijuana segment which includes the cost basis of our former membership
interests of Electrum, the former contractual interest in the Electrum legal recovery, the settlement payments receivable from G
Farma and its co-defendants, the former finance lease payments receivable from Pueblo West to Partner II, the operation of subsidiaries Mentor
IP and Partner I in the cannabis and medical marijuana sector, and 2) the Company s long standing investment
in WCI which works with business park owners, governmental centers, and apartment complexes to reduce their facility related
operating costs. Additionally, the Company formerly had small investments in securities listed on the NYSE and NASDAQ, an investment
in note receivable from a non-affiliated party, the fair value of convertible notes receivable and accrued interest from NeuCourt,
which on July 15, 2022 was exchanged for a NeuCourt SAFE security investment that will be carried at cost, and the investment in
NeuCourt that is included in the Corporate, Other, and Eliminations section below. 

Operating
 income (loss) 

Interest
 income 
 - 

Interest
 expense 
 - 

Total
 assets 

Property
 additions 
 - 
 
 - 

Fixed
 asset depreciation and amortization 
 - 

2021 

Net
 sales 

- 

Operating
 income (loss) 

Interest
 income 
 - 

Interest
 expense 
 - 

Total
 assets 

Property
 additions 
 - 

Fixed
 asset depreciation and amortization 
 - 

Employee retention tax credit (WCI) 
 
 - 
 
 Realized gain (loss) on investments in securities 

Impairment of investments 
 - 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Gain (loss) on equipment disposals 

PPP loan forgiven 
 - 

EIDL Grant 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other income 

Income before income taxes 

Mentor
Capital, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Change in valuation 

Total provision (benefit) 

The
Company has net deferred tax assets resulting from a timing difference in recognition of depreciation and reserves for uncollectible
accounts receivable and from net operating loss carryforwards. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately of federal net operating loss carryforwards of which approximately 
can be carried forward indefinitely and the remaining balance will expire in between 2024 and 2025. The Company has a California net
operating loss carryforward of approximately that begins expiring in 2024. Mentor relocated to Texas in September 2020 and
the Company s ability to utilize the California net operating loss carryforwards is dependent on future generation of California
taxable income. 

The
income tax provision (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory corporate income tax rate of 
and in 2022 and 2021 to net income (loss) before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as a result of the following: 

US federal income tax rate 

Computed expected tax provision (benefit) 

Permanent differences and other 

Change in valuation 

Federal income tax provision 
 - 
 - 

Capital Losses carried forward 

Deferred officer bonus and other 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and local jurisdictions. All tax years from 2018
to 2021 are subject to examination 

. Three additional annual
installment payments are due in 2023, 2024, and 2025. The Company has retained its impairment reserves and recorded losses on investment
due to a history of uncertain payments. See Note 3. 

Subsequent
to year end, on January 20, 2023, the Company and NeuCourt entered into a SAFE Purchase Agreement by which the Company invested an additional
 in the form of a NeuCourt Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE ), a security providing for conversion of the
SAFE into shares of NeuCourt common or preferred stock at some future date under the same terms as the previous July 15, 2022 SAFE Purchase
Agreement between NeuCourt and the Company. As of January 20, 2023, the Company owned SAFEs in the aggregate face amount of .
See Note 7. 

 . 

F- 33 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ex4-4.htm

Exhibit 4.4 

Description of Company s Securities 

As of March 31, 2023, Mentor Capital,
Inc. has one class of securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: our Common Stock. 

The following description of our
Common Stock is a summary and does not include all terms and conditions applicable to such shares. The description is subject to and qualified
in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022, to which this description is attached, and the Delaware General Corporation Law. We encourage you to read the Certificate of
Incorporation, Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law for additional information. 

Authorized Capital Shares 

Our authorized capital shares
consist of 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock, each with a par value of 0.0001, and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, each with a par
value of 0.0001, of which 200,000 shares of Preferred Stock have been designated as Series Q Preferred Stock. 

Voting Rights 

The holders of Common Stock are
entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on by shareholders, including the election of directors. The Company s Board
of Directors is not classified, and each member is elected annually. The Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights. Holders
of Common Stock may act by unanimous consent. 

Dividend Rights 

Subject to the rights of holders
of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, including shares of Series Q Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive
dividends when and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for payment
of dividends. 

Liquidation Rights 

Subject to any preferential rights
of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, including shares of Series Q Preferred Stock, holders of Common Stock will share ratably in
all assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of dissolution or liquidation. 

Other Rights and Preferences 

All of the issued shares of Common
Stock of the Company are fully paid and non-assessable. Our Common Stock has no sinking fund provision and no preemptive, conversion,
or exchange rights. Except as allowed by Delaware General Corporation Law, the shares of Common Stock are not subject to any redemption
provisions. 

Trading 

The Company s shares of
Common Stock are traded on the Over-the-Counter OTCQB OTCQB under the trading symbol MNTR. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT 21.1 

Mentor Capital, Inc. Subsidiaries 

The following is a list of subsidiaries of Mentor
Capital, Inc., omitting subsidiaries that, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary
as of December 31, 2022: 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 of ownership 

State in which Incorporated 
 
 Waste Consolidators, Inc. 
 
 51 

Colorado 
 
 Mentor IP, LLC 
 
 100 

South Dakota 
 
 Mentor Partner I, LLC 
 
 100 

Texas 
 
 Mentor Partner II, LLC 
 
 100 

Texas 
 
 TWG, LLC 
 
 100 

Texas 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Rule 13A-14(a) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Chet Billingsley, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Mentor Capital, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 27, 2023 

/s/ CHET BILLINGSLEY 

Chet Billingsley 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Rule 13A-14(a) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Chet Billingsley, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Mentor Capital, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 27, 2023 

/s/ CHET BILLINGSLEY 

Chet Billingsley 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as Amended, 

 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Chet Billingsley, Chief Executive Officer of Mentor
Capital, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, to which this statement is furnished as an exhibit (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
 March 27, 2023 

/s/ CHET BILLINGSLEY 

Chet Billingsley 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as Amended, 

 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Chet Billingsley, Principal Financial officer of
Mentor Capital, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, to which this statement is furnished as an exhibit (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: 
 March 27, 2023 

/s/ CHET BILLINGSLEY 

Chet Billingsley 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mntr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mntr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mntr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mntr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

