<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1412665_0001412665-23-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29310133</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>375266</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3338153</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12993134</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6099730</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5878326</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001412665-23-000028.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313170405
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001412665-23-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		152
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MidWestOne Financial Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001412665
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				421206172
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35968
		FILM NUMBER:		23728081

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		102 SOUTH CLINTON ST.
		CITY:			IOWA CITY
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		319-356-5800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		102 SOUTH CLINTON ST.
		CITY:			IOWA CITY
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ISB Financial Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001412665-23-000028.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 mofg-20221231.htm
 10-K

mofg-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification Number) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the last sales price quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market of 29.72 on the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million. 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 1.00 per share, as of March 9, 2023, was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 , 2022 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent indicated in such part. 

MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Table of Contents 
 Page No. PART I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 27 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 105 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 105 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 107 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 107 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 107 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 107 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 107 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 107 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services (PCAOB ID: 49) 
 107 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 107 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 111 

Glossary of Acronyms, Abbreviations, and Terms 
 The acronyms, abbreviations, and terms listed below are used in various sections of this Form 10-K, including, Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data. 
 ABTW American Bank and Trust-Wisconsin of Cuba City, Wisconsin FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank ACL Allowance for Credit Losses FHLBC Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago AFS Available for Sale FHLBDM Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income FHLMC Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ASC Accounting Standards Codification FNBF First National Bank in Fairfield 
 ASU Accounting Standards Update FNBM First National Bank of Muscatine 
 ATB ATBancorp FNMA Federal National Mortgage Association ATM Automated Teller Machine FRB or Federal Reserve Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ATSB American Trust Savings Bank of Dubuque, Iowa GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles Basel III Rules A comprehensive capital framework and rules for U.S. banking organizations approved by the FRB and the FDIC in 2013 GLBA Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 BHCA Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended GNMA Government National Mortgage Association BOLI Bank-Owned Life Insurance HTM Held to Maturity CAA Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 IOFB Iowa First Bancshares Corp. CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act LIBOR The London Inter-bank Offered Rate CDARS Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service MBS Mortgage-Backed Securities CECL Current Expected Credit Loss PCD Purchased Financial Assets with Credit Deterioration CMO Collateralized Mortgage Obligations PPP Paycheck Protection Program COVID-19 Coronavirus Disease 2019 PRSUs Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Awards CRA Community Reinvestment Act ROU Right-of-Use CRE Commercial Real Estate RPA Credit Risk Participation Agreement DCF Discounted Cash Flow Method RRE Residential Real Estate Dodd-Frank Act Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act SBA U.S. Small Business Administration ESOP Employee Stock Ownership Plan SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission EVE Economic Value of Equity SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board TDR Troubled Debt Restructuring FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation TRSUs Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Awards 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of such term in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We and our representatives may, from time to time, make written or oral statements that are forward-looking and provide information other than historical information. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement. These factors include, among other things, the factors listed below. Forward-looking statements, which may be based upon beliefs, expectations and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to management, are generally identifiable by the use of words such as believe, expect, anticipate, should, could, would, plans, intend, project, estimate, forecast, may or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Additionally, we undertake no obligation to update any statement in light of new information or future events, except as required under federal securities law. 
 Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors that could have an impact on our ability to achieve operating results, growth plan goals and future prospects include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the risks of mergers (including with IOFB), including, without limitation, the related time and costs of implementing such transactions, integrating operations as part of these transactions and possible failures to achieve expected gains, revenue growth and/or expense savings from such transactions; 
 credit quality deterioration, pronounced and sustained reduction in real estate market values, or other uncertainties, including the impact of inflationary pressures on economic conditions and our business, resulting in an increase in the allowance for credit losses, an increase in the credit loss expense, and a reduction in net earnings; 
 the effects of actual and expected increases in inflation and interest rates, including on our net income and the value of our securities portfolio; 
 changes in the economic environment, competition, or other factors that may affect our ability to acquire loans or influence the anticipated growth rate of loans and deposits and the quality of the loan portfolio and loan and deposit pricing; 
 fluctuations in the value of our investment securities portfolio, which has experienced unrealized losses as a result of rising interest rates; 
 governmental monetary and fiscal policies; 
 changes in and uncertainty related to benchmark interest rates used to price loans and deposits, including the expected elimination of LIBOR and the adoption of a substitute; 
 legislative and regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities, trade, and tax laws and regulations and their application by our regulators, including the new 1.0 excise tax on stock buybacks by publicly traded companies; 
 the ability to attract and retain key executives and employees experienced in banking and financial services; 
 the sufficiency of the allowance for credit losses to absorb the amount of actual losses inherent in our existing loan portfolio; 
 our ability to adapt successfully to technological changes to compete effectively in the marketplace; 
 credit risks and risks from concentrations (by geographic area and by industry) within our loan portfolio; 
 the effects of competition from other commercial banks, thrifts, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market and other mutual funds, financial technology companies, digital asset service providers, and other financial institutions operating in our markets or elsewhere or providing similar services; 
 the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of allowances for credit losses and estimation of values of collateral and various financial assets and liabilities; 
 volatility of rate-sensitive deposits; 
 operational risks, including data processing system failures or fraud; 
 asset/liability matching risks and liquidity risks; 
 the costs, effects and outcomes of existing or future litigation; 
 changes in general economic, political, or industry conditions, nationally, internationally or in the communities in which we conduct businesss; 
 changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by state and federal regulatory agencies and the FASB; 
 war or terrorist activities, including the war in Ukraine, widespread disease or pandemic, or other adverse external events, which may cause deterioration in the economy or cause instability in credit markets; 
 the effects of cyber-attacks; 
 the imposition of tariffs or other domestic or international governmental policies impacting the value of the agricultural or other products of our borrowers; 
 effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, including its effects on the economic environment, our customers, employees and supply chain; and 
 other factors and risks described under Risk Factors in this Form 10-K and in other reports we file with the SEC. 
 
 We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by the foregoing cautionary statements. Because of these risks and other uncertainties, our actual future results, performance or achievement, or industry results, may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. In addition, our past results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future results. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 I TEM 1. B USINESS . 
 General 
 MidWest One Financial Group, Inc., an Iowa corporation formed in 1983, is a bank holding company registered under the BHCA and a financial holding company under the GLBA, with our corporate headquarters in Iowa City, Iowa. Our principal business is to serve as the holding company for our wholly-owned subsidiary, MidWest One Bank. References to the Bank refer to MidWest One Bank. References to MidWest One, we, us, or the Company, refer to MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. together with its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 The Bank is focused on delivering relationship-based business and personal banking products and services. The Bank provides commercial loans, real estate loans, agricultural loans, credit card loans, and consumer loans. The Bank also provides deposit products including demand and interest checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, and time deposits. Complementary to our loan and deposit products, the Bank also provides products and services including treasury management, Zelle, online and mobile banking, debit cards, ATMs, and safe deposit boxes. The Bank offers its products and services primarily through its network of full-service banking offices, including 35 banking offices located throughout central and eastern Iowa, 12 banking offices located principally in the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area in Minnesota, 7 banking offices in southwestern Wisconsin, one banking office in each of Naples and Fort Myers, Florida, and one banking office in Denver, Colorado. The Bank also has a trust department through which it offers services including the administration of estates, personal trusts, and conservatorships and the management of real property. Finally, the Bank s investments services department offers financial planning, investment advisory, and retail securities brokerage services (the latter of which is provided through an agreement with a third-party registered broker-dealer). 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 6.58 billion, total loans, net of unearned income, of 3.84 billion, total deposits of 5.47 billion, and shareholders equity of 492.8 million. 
 Recent Developments 
 On June 9, 2022, the Company acquired Iowa First Bancshares Corp., a bank holding company whose wholly-owned banking subsidiaries were First National Bank of Muscatine and First National Bank in Fairfield, community banks located in Muscatine and Fairfield, Iowa, respectively. Immediately following the completion of the acquisition, First National Bank of Muscatine and First National Bank in Fairfield were merged with and into the Bank. As consideration for the merger, we paid cash in the amount of 46.7 million. 
 Operating Strategy 
 Our operating strategy is based upon a community banking model of delivering a comprehensive suite of financial products and services while following five operating principles: (1) take care of our customers; (2) hire and retain excellent employees; (3) conduct business with the utmost integrity; (4) work as one team; and (5) learn constantly so we can continually improve. Management believes the depth and breadth of the Company s products and services coupled with the personal and professional delivery of the same provides an appealing alternative to competitors. 
 Lending Activities 
 General 
 We provide a range of commercial and retail lending services to businesses, individuals and government agencies. These credit activities include commercial and industrial loans, commercial and residential real estate loans, agricultural loans, and consumer loans. 
 We market our services to qualified lending customers. Lending officers actively solicit the business of new companies entering their market areas as well as long-standing members of the business communities in which we operate. Through professional service, competitive pricing, and innovative structure, we have been successful in attracting new lending customers. We also actively pursue consumer lending opportunities. With convenient locations, advertising, customer communications, and competitive technology, we believe that we have been successful in capitalizing on the credit needs of our market areas. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Our management emphasizes credit quality and seeks to avoid undue concentrations of loans to a single industry or based on a single class of collateral. We have established lending policies that include a number of underwriting factors to be considered in making a loan, including: location, loan-to-value ratio, cash flow, interest rate, and credit history of the borrower. 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans 
 We have a strong commercial loan base. We focus on, and tailor our commercial loan programs to, small- to mid-sized businesses in our market areas. Our loan portfolio includes loans to wholesalers, manufacturers, contractors, business services companies and retailers. We provide a wide range of business loans, including lines of credit for working capital and operational purposes and term loans for the acquisition of equipment. Although most loans are made on a secured basis, loans may be made on an unsecured basis where warranted by the overall financial condition of the borrower. Terms of commercial business loans generally range from one to five years. 
 Our commercial and industrial loans are primarily made based on the reported cash flow of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. The collateral support provided by the borrower for most of these loans and the probability of repayment is based on the liquidation of the pledged collateral and enforcement of a personal guarantee, if any exists. The primary repayment risks of commercial loans are that the cash flows of the borrower may be unpredictable, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. As of December 31, 2022, commercial and industrial loans comprised approximately 27.5 of our total loan portfolio. 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans 
 We also offer mortgage loans to our commercial and agricultural customers for the acquisition of real estate used in their businesses, such as offices, farmland, warehouses and production facilities, and to real estate investors for the acquisition of apartment buildings, retail centers, office buildings and other commercial buildings. In deciding whether to make a commercial real estate loan, we consider, among other things, the experience and qualifications of the borrower as well as the value and cash flow of the underlying property. Some factors considered are net operating income of the property before debt service and depreciation, the debt service coverage ratio (the ratio of the property s net cash flow to debt service requirements), the cash flows of the borrower, the ratio of the loan amount to the property value and the overall creditworthiness of the prospective borrower. As of December 31, 2022, commercial real estate loans constituted approximately 51.6 of our total loan portfolio. 
 Construction and Development Loans . We offer loans both to individuals who are constructing personal residences and to real estate developers and building contractors for the acquisition of land for development and the construction of homes and commercial properties. These loans are generally in-market to known and established borrowers. Construction and development loans generally have a short term, such as one to two years. As of December 31, 2022, construction and development loans constituted approximately 7.1 of our total loan portfolio. 
 Farmland. We offer agricultural mortgage loans to our agricultural customers for the acquisition of real estate used in their business, generally farmland. As of December 31, 2022, farmland loans represented approximately 4.8 of our total loan portfolio. 
 Multifamily. We offer mortgage loans to real estate investors for the acquisition of multifamily (apartment) buildings. As of December 31, 2022, multifamily loans represented approximately 6.6 of our total loan portfolio. 
 Commercial real estate-other. We offer commercial mortgage loans for the acquisition of real estate used in the customer s business, such as offices, warehouses, and production facilities. As of December 31, 2022, commercial real estate-other loans represented approximately 33.1 of our total loan portfolio. 
 Residential Real Estate Loans 
 Residential mortgage comprised approximately 15.9 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Included in this category are home equity loans made to individuals. We generally retain short-term residential mortgage loans that we originate for our own portfolio and sell most long-term residential mortgage loans to other parties, while retaining servicing rights on the majority of such loans. At December 31, 2022, we serviced approximately 991.5 million in mortgage loans for others. We do not offer subprime mortgage loans and do not operate a wholesale mortgage business. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Agricultural Loans 
 Agricultural loans comprised approximately 3.0 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Agricultural loans, most of which are secured by crops, livestock and machinery, are generally provided to finance capital improvements and farm operations as well as acquisitions of livestock and machinery. The ability of the borrower to repay may be affected by many factors outside of the borrower s control, including adverse weather conditions, loss of livestock due to disease or other factors, declines in market prices for agricultural products and the impact of government regulations. The ultimate repayment of agricultural loans is dependent upon the profitable operation or management of the agricultural entity. 
 Our agricultural lenders work closely with our customers, including companies and individual farmers, and review the preparation of budgets and cash flow projections for the ensuing crop year. These budgets and cash flow projections are monitored closely during the year and reviewed with the customers at least once annually. We also work closely with governmental agencies to help agricultural customers obtain credit enhancement products such as loan guarantees or interest rate assistance. 
 Consumer Lending 
 Our consumer lending department provides many types of consumer loans, including personal loans (secured or unsecured) and automobile loans. Consumer loans typically have shorter terms, lower balances, higher yields and higher risks of default than one- to four-family residential real estate mortgage loans. Consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability and are therefore more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances. As of December 31, 2022, consumer loans comprised 2.0 of our total loan portfolio. 
 Other Products and Services 
 Deposit Products 
 We offer competitive deposit products and programs that address the needs of customers in each of the local markets that we serve. The deposit products are offered to individuals, nonprofit organizations, partnerships, small businesses, corporations and public entities. These products include noninterest bearing and interest bearing demand deposits, savings accounts, money market accounts and time deposits. Approximately 88.5 of our total deposits were considered core deposits as of December 31, 2022, compared to 91.8 at December 31, 2021. We consider core deposits to be the total of all deposits other than time deposits greater than 250k and non-reciprocal brokered money market deposits. 
 Trust and Investment Services 
 We offer trust and investment services to help our business and individual clients in meeting their financial goals and preserving wealth. Our services include administering estates, personal trusts, and conservatorships, and providing property management, farm management, investment advisory, retail securities brokerage, financial planning and custodial services. Licensed brokers (who are registered representatives of a third-party registered broker-dealer) serve selected branches and provide investment-related services including securities trading, financial planning, mutual funds sales, fixed and variable annuities and tax-exempt and conventional unit trusts. 
 Liquidity and Funding 
 We depend on deposits and external financing sources to fund our operations. We employ a variety of financing arrangements, including brokered deposits, term debt, subordinated debt, and equity. A discussion of our liquidity and funding programs has been included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Liquidity, and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk under Liquidity Risk . 
 Competition 
 The banking business and related financial service providers operate in a highly competitive market. The Company competes with other commercial banks, thrifts, credit unions, stockbrokers, finance divisions of auto and farm equipment companies, agricultural suppliers, and other agriculture-related lenders. Some of these competitors are local, while others are statewide, regional or nationwide. In addition, financial technology companies and digital asset service providers are emerging in key areas of banking. We compete for deposits, loans, and other financial services through the range and quality of services we provide, with an emphasis on building long-lasting relationships. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 MidWest One is built on a long-standing tradition of striving to be a great place to work and providing exceptional service to our customers and the communities we serve. MidWest One believes that community banking is a relationship-driven business, which is why we have bankers at a local level who know and serve our customers with a personalized approach. Just as we value and strive to serve our customers in each of our communities, we deem our relationship with our employees to be vital to our ongoing success. To carry on our commitment to our customers and stakeholders, recruitment, development, and retention of top talent is a critical component to our success. Building and maintaining strong human capital capabilities and enhancing our culture requires strategies focused on talent development, employee engagement and recognition, total compensation, and Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging DEIB ). 
 
 Demographics: As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed 811 full and part-time employees. Our workforce is in the following geographical regions: Iowa; the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area and its respective outer rim communities in Minnesota and northwest Wisconsin; southwest Wisconsin; Denver, Colorado; and southwest Florida. 
 
 Learning Development: The Company s operating principle of Learn Constantly So We Continually Improve reflects our ongoing commitment to developing all employees. We leverage formal and informal development programs to identify, cultivate, and retain a highly skilled workforce. We provide internally designed learning programs to address onboarding, management, and leadership development needs. We commit resources for participation in Graduate and State Banking schools, business line specific education and certifications, and industry peer groups. The Company supports and reinforces the learning with experience-based assignments, mentorship, project teams, and department training, and community involvement initiatives. 
 
 Feedback Recognition: An important element of MidWest One s culture is recognizing and celebrating the success of our individual employees, teams, and the collective business. Peer to peer and leader recognition occurs regularly through multiple avenues, including our all-company monthly One Call and our annual Rally Day event. MidWest One celebrated our tenth consecutive year of being named by our associates as a Top Workplace in Iowa. The Company welcomes and values feedback from our associates to improve our work environment and to position the Company as an employer of choice. For the second consecutive year Newsweek Magazine named MidWest One Bank one of America s Best Banks and the Best Small Bank in Iowa. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits: The Company provides a competitive total compensation package based upon industry best practices and comparative market data. Our compensation programs include base salary and incentive compensation opportunities, including product and service referral incentives, business line and management incentive plans, an equity incentive plan, a company profit-sharing program, and spot incentives. We also provide a complete benefit suite, including healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, an employee stock ownership program, 401(k) plan match funding, paid time off, and family leave options for all life stages. We offer an employee assistance program, wellness program, and educational assistance, including student loan debt reduction and tuition reimbursement. These programs are designed to attract and retain top talent, reward excellent performance, and motivate teams to drive the achievement of the Company s financial performance objectives and aligned performance goals in a balanced, risk-based manner. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: MidWest One is committed to fostering a culture of DEIB. We participate in the voluntary FDIC Diversity Self-Assessment and report our Affirmative Action Compliance Program results. R.I.S.E. Retention. Innovation. Support. Empowerment. serves as an umbrella strategy that drives our commitment to achieving our workforce DEIB initiatives, and it also provides a framework for our approach to the acquisition of new talent and to embracing the full potential of our workforce. R.I.S.E. reflects the Company s operating principles and commitment to a workforce centered on respect and belonging. 
 
 To lead our efforts forward, we have a Diversity Inclusion Officer, a R.I.S.E. Leadership Council, and a R.I.S.E. Advisory Council of employees across our footprint. We will further develop DEIB initiatives through internal feedback, learning and development, our employee resource groups, and other programming. We believe that our efforts are critical to allowing our employees and leaders to better understand, serve, and support our client base and the communities we serve. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The public may obtain copies of these reports and any amendments at the SEC s Internet site, www.sec.gov . 
 
 Additionally, reports filed with the SEC can be obtained free of charge through our website at www.midwestone.com under Investor Relations - SEC Filings . These reports are made available through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information on, or accessible through, our website is not part of, or incorporated by reference in, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Supervision and Regulation 
 General 
 FDIC-insured institutions, like the Bank, their holding companies and their affiliates are extensively regulated under federal and state law. As a result, our growth and earnings performance may be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the requirements of federal and state statutes and by the regulations and policies of various bank regulatory agencies, including the Iowa Division of Banking (the Iowa Division ), the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ). Furthermore, taxation laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the FASB, securities laws administered by the SEC and state securities authorities, and anti-money laundering laws enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury Treasury have an impact on our business. The effect of these statutes, regulations, regulatory policies and accounting rules are significant to our operations and results. 
 
 Federal and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of supervision, regulation and enforcement on the operations of FDIC-insured institutions, their holding companies and affiliates that is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC-insured deposits and depositors of banks, rather than shareholders. These laws, and the regulations of the bank regulatory agencies issued under them, affect, among other things, the scope of our business, the kinds and amounts of investments the Company and the Bank may make, required capital levels relative to assets, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, the ability to merge, consolidate and acquire, dealings with our insiders and affiliates and the payment of dividends. In reaction to the global financial crisis and particularly following the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act, we experienced heightened regulatory requirements and scrutiny. Although the reforms primarily targeted systemically important financial service providers, their influence filtered down in varying degrees to community banks over time and caused our compliance and risk management processes, and the costs thereof, to increase. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 Regulatory Relief Act eliminated questions about the applicability of certain Dodd-Frank Act reforms to community bank systems, including relieving us of any requirement to engage in mandatory stress tests, maintain a risk committee or comply with the Volcker Rule s complicated prohibitions on proprietary trading and ownership of private funds. These reforms have been favorable to our operations. 
 
 The supervisory framework for U.S. banking organizations subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that are not publicly available and that can impact the conduct and growth of their business. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. The regulatory agencies generally have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity where the agencies determine, among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations. 
 
 The following is a summary of the material elements of the supervisory and regulatory framework applicable to the Company and the Bank. It does not describe all of the statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that apply, nor does it restate all of the requirements of those that are described. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provision. 
 
 The Role of Capital 
 
 Regulatory capital represents the net assets of a banking organization available to absorb losses. Because of the risks attendant to their business, FDIC-insured institutions are generally required to hold more capital than other businesses, which directly affects our earnings capabilities. Although capital has historically been one of the key measures of the financial health of both bank holding companies and banks, its role became fundamentally more important in the wake of the global financial crisis, as the banking regulators recognized that the amount and quality of capital held by banks prior to the crisis was insufficient to absorb losses during periods of severe stress. 
 
 Capital Levels. Banks have been required to hold minimum levels of capital based on guidelines established by the bank regulatory agencies since 1983. The minimums have been expressed in terms of ratios of capital divided by total assets. The capital guidelines for U.S. banks beginning in 1989 have been based upon international capital accords (known as Basel rules) adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, a committee of central banks and bank supervisors that acts as the primary global standard-setter for prudential regulation, as implemented by the U.S. bank regulatory agencies on an interagency basis. The accords recognized that bank assets for the purpose of the capital ratio calculations needed to be risk weighted (the theory being that riskier assets should require more capital) and that off-balance sheet exposures needed to be factored in the calculations. Following the global financial crisis, the Group of Governors and Heads of Supervision, the oversight body of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, announced agreement on a strengthened set of capital requirements for banking organizations around the world, known as Basel III, to address deficiencies recognized in connection with the global financial crisis. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 The Basel III Rule . The Unites States bank regulatory agencies adopted the Basel III regulatory capital reforms, and, at the same time, effected changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act, in regulations that were effective (with certain phase-ins) in 2015. Basel III, or the Basel III Rule, established capital standards for banks and bank holding companies that are meaningfully more stringent than those in place previously: it increased the required quantity and quality of capital; and it required a more complex, detailed and calibrated assessment of risk in the calculation of risk weightings. The Basel III Rule is applicable to all banking organizations that are subject to minimum capital requirements, including federal and state banks and savings and loan associations, as well as to most bank and savings and loan holding companies. The Company and the Bank are each subject to the Basel III Rule as described below. 
 
 Not only did the Basel III Rule increase most of the required minimum capital ratios in effect prior to January 1, 2015, but, in requiring that forms of capital be of higher quality to absorb loss, it introduced the concept of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, which consists primarily of common stock, related surplus (net of Treasury stock), retained earnings, and Common Equity Tier 1 minority interests subject to certain regulatory adjustments. The Basel III Rule also changed the definition of capital by establishing more stringent criteria that instruments must meet to be considered Additional Tier 1 Capital (primarily non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock that meets certain requirements) and Tier 2 Capital (primarily other types of preferred stock and subordinated debt, subject to limitations). The Basel III Rule also constrained the inclusion of minority interests, mortgage-servicing assets, and deferred tax assets in capital and required deductions from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital in the event that such assets exceeded a percentage of a banking institution s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. 
 
 The Basel III Rule required minimum capital ratios as of January 1, 2015, as follows: 
 
 A ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital equal to 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; 
 A ratio of Tier 1 Capital equal to 6 of risk-weighted assets; 
 A continuation of the minimum required amount of Total Capital (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) at 8 of risk-weighted assets; and 
 A leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total quarterly average assets equal to 4 in all circumstances. 
 
 In addition, institutions that seek the freedom to make capital distributions (including for dividends and repurchases of stock) and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers without restriction must also maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to a capital conservation buffer. The purpose of the conservation buffer is to ensure that banking institutions maintain a buffer of capital that can be used to absorb losses during periods of financial and economic stress. Factoring in the conservation buffer increases the minimum ratios depicted above to 7 for Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, 8.5 for Tier 1 Capital and 10.5 for Total Capital. 
 
 Well-Capitalized Requirements . The ratios described above are minimum standards in order for banking organizations to be considered adequately capitalized. Bank regulatory agencies uniformly encourage banks to hold more capital and be well-capitalized and, to that end, federal law and regulations provide various incentives for banking organizations to maintain regulatory capital at levels in excess of minimum regulatory requirements. For example, a banking organization that is well-capitalized may: (i) qualify for exemptions from prior notice or application requirements otherwise applicable to certain types of activities; (ii) qualify for expedited processing of other required notices or applications; and (iii) accept, roll-over or renew brokered deposits. Higher capital levels could also be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual banking organizations. For example, the Federal Reserve s capital guidelines contemplate that additional capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other things, interest rate risk, or the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities or securities trading activities. Further, any banking organization experiencing or anticipating significant growth would be expected to maintain capital ratios, including tangible capital positions (i.e., Tier 1 Capital less all intangible assets), well above the minimum levels. 
 
 Under the capital regulations of the Federal Reserve for the Company and the FDIC for the Bank, in order to be well capitalized, we must maintain: 
 
 A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio to risk-weighted assets of 6.5 or more; 
 A ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8 or more; 
 A ratio of Total Capital to total risk-weighted assets of 10 or more; and 
 A leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total adjusted average quarterly assets of 5 or greater. 
 
 It is possible under the Basel III Rule to be well-capitalized while remaining out of compliance with the capital conservation buffer discussed above. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022: (i) the Bank was not subject to a directive from the FDIC to increase its capital and (ii) the Bank was well-capitalized, as defined by FDIC regulations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had regulatory capital in excess of the Federal Reserve s requirements and met the Basel III Rule requirements to be well-capitalized. We are also in compliance with the capital conservation buffer. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Prompt Corrective Action . The concept of an institution being well-capitalized is part of a regulatory enforcement regime that provides the federal banking regulators with broad power to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of institutions based on the capital level of each particular institution. The extent of the regulators powers depends on whether the institution in question is adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized, in each case as defined by regulation. Depending upon the capital category to which an institution is assigned, the regulators corrective powers include: (i) requiring the institution to submit a capital restoration plan; (ii) limiting the institution s asset growth and restricting its activities; (iii) requiring the institution to issue additional capital stock (including additional voting stock) or to sell itself; (iv) restricting transactions between the institution and its affiliates; (v) restricting the interest rate that the institution may pay on deposits; (vi) ordering a new election of directors of the institution; (vii) requiring that senior executive officers or directors be dismissed; (viii) prohibiting the institution from accepting deposits from correspondent banks; (ix) requiring the institution to divest certain subsidiaries; (x) prohibiting the payment of principal or interest on subordinated debt; and (xi) ultimately, appointing a receiver for the institution. 
 
 Community Bank Capital Simplification . Community banks have long raised concerns with bank regulators about the regulatory burden, complexity, and costs associated with certain provisions of the Basel III Rule. In response, Congress provided an off-ramp for institutions, like us, with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion. Section 201 of the Regulatory Relief Act instructed the federal banking regulators to establish a single Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR of between 8 and 10 . Under the final rule, a community banking organization is eligible to elect the new framework if it has: less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, limited amounts of certain assets and off-balance sheet exposures, and a CBLR greater than 9 . We may elect the CBLR framework at any time but have not currently determined to do so. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation of the Company 
 General. The Company, as the sole shareholder of the Bank, is a bank holding company that has elected financial holding company status. As a bank holding company, we are registered with, and subject to regulation, supervision and enforcement by, the Federal Reserve under the BHCA. We are legally obligated to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to the Bank and to commit resources to support the Bank in circumstances where we might not otherwise do so. Under the BHCA, we are subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve and are required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic reports of our operations and such additional information regarding us and the Bank as the Federal Reserve may require. 
 
 Acquisitions, Activities and Financial Holding Company Election . The primary purpose of a bank holding company is to control and manage banks. The BHCA generally requires the prior approval of the Federal Reserve for any merger involving a bank holding company or any acquisition by a bank holding company of another bank or bank holding company. Subject to certain conditions (including deposit concentration limits established by the BHCA), the Federal Reserve may allow a bank holding company to acquire banks located in any state of the United States. In approving interstate acquisitions, the Federal Reserve is required to give effect to applicable state law limitations on the aggregate amount of deposits that may be held by the acquiring bank holding company and its FDIC-insured institution affiliates in the state in which the target bank is located (provided that those limits do not discriminate against out-of-state institutions or their holding companies) and state laws that require that the target bank have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) before being acquired by an out-of-state bank holding company. Furthermore, in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding companies must be well-capitalized and well-managed in order to effect interstate mergers or acquisitions. For a discussion of the capital requirements, see The Role of Capital above. 
 
 The BHCA generally prohibits us from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank and from engaging in any business other than that of banking, managing and controlling banks or furnishing services to banks and their subsidiaries. This general prohibition is subject to a number of exceptions. The principal exception allows bank holding companies to engage in, and to own shares of companies engaged in, certain businesses found by the Federal Reserve prior to November 11, 1999 to be so closely related to banking ... as to be a proper incident thereto. This authority permits us to engage in a variety of banking-related businesses, including the ownership and operation of a savings association, or any entity engaged in consumer finance, equipment leasing, the operation of a computer service bureau (including software development) and mortgage banking and brokerage services. The BHCA does not place territorial restrictions on the domestic activities of nonbank subsidiaries of bank holding companies. 
 
 Additionally, bank holding companies that meet certain eligibility requirements prescribed by the BHCA and elect to operate as financial holding companies may engage in, or own shares in companies engaged in, a wider range of nonbanking activities, including securities and insurance underwriting and sales, merchant banking and any other activity that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines by regulation or order is financial in nature or incidental to any such financial activity or that the Federal Reserve determines by order to be complementary to any such financial activity, as long as the activity does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of FDIC-insured institutions or the financial system generally. We have elected to operate as a financial holding company. In order to maintain our status as a financial holding company, the Company and the Bank must be well-capitalized, well-managed, and the Bank must have a least a satisfactory CRA rating. If the Federal Reserve determines that either the Company or the Bank is not well-capitalized or well-managed, the Federal Reserve will provide a period of time in which to achieve compliance, but during the period of noncompliance, the 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Federal Reserve may place any limitations on us that it deems appropriate. Furthermore, if non-compliance is based on the failure of the Bank to achieve a satisfactory CRA rating, we would not be able to commence any new financial activities or acquire a company that engages in such activities. 
 
 Change in Control. Federal law also prohibits any person or company from acquiring control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or its holding company without prior notice to the appropriate federal bank regulator. Control is conclusively presumed to exist upon the acquisition of 25 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank or bank holding company, but may arise under certain circumstances between 10 and 24.99 ownership. 
 
 Capital Requirements. We are required to maintain consolidated capital in accordance with Federal Reserve capital adequacy requirements. For a discussion of capital requirements, see The Role of Capital above. 
 
 Dividend Payments. Our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders may be affected by both general corporate law considerations and policies of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies. As an Iowa corporation, we are subject to the limitations of Iowa law, which allows us to pay dividends unless, after such dividend, (i) we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business or (ii) our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus any amount that would be needed if we were to be dissolved at the time of the dividend payment, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of shareholders whose rights are superior to the rights of the shareholders receiving the distribution. 
 
 As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends to shareholders if: (i) the company s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) the prospective rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) the company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. The Federal Reserve also possesses enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their nonbank subsidiaries to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices or violations of applicable statutes and regulations. Among these powers is the ability to proscribe the payment of dividends by banks and bank holding companies. In addition, under the Basel III Rule, institutions that seek the freedom to pay dividends have to maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to the capital conservation buffer. See The Role of Capital above. 
 
 Incentive Compensation. There have been a number of developments in recent years focused on incentive compensation plans sponsored by bank holding companies and banks, reflecting recognition by the bank regulatory agencies and Congress that flawed incentive compensation practices in the financial industry were one of many factors contributing to the global financial crisis. Layered on top of that are the abuses in the headlines dealing with product cross-selling incentive plans. The result is interagency guidance on sound incentive compensation practices. 
 
 The interagency guidance recognized three core principles. Effective incentive plans should: (i) provide employees incentives that appropriately balance risk and reward; (ii) be compatible with effective controls and risk-management; and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. Much of the guidance addresses large banking organizations and, because of the size and complexity of their operations, the regulators expect those organizations to maintain systematic and formalized policies, procedures, and systems for ensuring that the incentive compensation arrangements for all executive and non-executive employees covered by this guidance are identified and reviewed, and appropriately balance risks and rewards. Smaller banking organizations like us that use incentive compensation arrangements are expected to be less extensive, formalized, and detailed than those of the larger banks. 
 
 Monetary Policy. The monetary policy of the Federal Reserve has a significant effect on the operating results of financial or bank holding companies and their subsidiaries, and this is evidenced in its increases in the targeted federal funds rate throughout 2022. Among the tools available to the Federal Reserve to affect the money supply are open market transactions in U.S. government securities and changes in the discount rate on bank borrowings. These means are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 
 Federal Securities Regulation. Our common stock is registered with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Exchange Act. Consequently, we are subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading and other restrictions and requirements of the SEC under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Corporate Governance . The Dodd-Frank Act addressed many investor protection, corporate governance and executive compensation matters that will affect most U.S. publicly traded companies. It increased shareholder influence over boards of directors by requiring companies to give shareholders a nonbinding vote on executive compensation and so-called golden parachute payments, and authorizing the SEC to promulgate rules that would allow shareholders to nominate and solicit voters for their own candidates using a company s proxy materials. The legislation also directed the Federal Reserve to promulgate 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of bank holding companies, regardless of whether such companies are publicly traded. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation of the Bank 
 General. The Bank is an Iowa-chartered bank. The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund DIF to the maximum extent provided under federal law and FDIC regulations, currently 250,000 per insured depositor category. As an Iowa-chartered FDIC-insured bank, the Bank is subject to the examination, supervision, reporting and enforcement requirements of the Iowa Division, the chartering authority for Iowa banks, and the FDIC, designated by federal law as the primary federal regulator of insured state banks that, like the Bank, are not members of the Federal Reserve System (nonmember banks). 
 
 Deposit Insurance . As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. The FDIC has adopted a risk-based assessment system whereby FDIC-insured institutions pay insurance premiums at rates based on their risk classification. For institutions like the Bank that are not considered large and highly complex banking organizations, assessments are now based on examination ratings and financial ratios. The total base assessment rates currently range from 1.5 basis points to 30 basis points. At least semi-annually, the FDIC updates its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, increases or decreases the assessment rates, following notice and comment on proposed rulemaking. 
 
 The reserve ratio is the DIF balance divided by estimated insured deposits. In response to the global financial crisis, the Dodd-Frank Act increased the minimum reserve ratio from 1.15 to 1.35 of the estimated amount of total insured deposits. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the reserve ratio briefly exceeded the statutory threshold, but, because of extraordinary insured deposit growth caused by an unprecedented inflow of deposits during the pandemic, the reserve ratio fell below 1.35 and continues to be below the threshold. The FDIC staff closely monitors the factors that affect the reserve ratio, and, in order to raise the reserve ratio to 1.35 by September 30, 2028, the FDIC increased the initial deposit insurance rates by two basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of the 2023 assessment. As a result of this change, the Bank s FDIC insurance assessment will increase beginning in 2023. 
 
 The DIF balance was approximately 125.5 billion on September 30, 2022, up 1.0 billion from the end of the second quarter. The reserve ratio remained at 1.26 , as growth in the fund balance kept pace with growth in insured deposits. The FDIC staff continues to closely monitor the factors that affect the reserve ratio, and any change could impact FDIC assessments. 
 
 Supervisory Assessments. All Iowa banks are required to pay supervisory assessments to the Iowa Division to fund the operations of that agency. The amount of the assessment is calculated on the basis of the Bank s total assets. The amount of the assessment is calculated on the basis of the Bank s total assets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank paid supervisory assessments to the Iowa Division totaling approximately 166,000. 
 
 Capital Requirements. Banks are generally required to maintain capital levels in excess of other businesses. For a discussion of capital requirements, see The Role of Capital above. 
 
 Liquidity Requirements. Liquidity is a measure of the ability and ease with which bank assets may be converted to cash. Liquid assets are those that can be converted to cash quickly if needed to meet financial obligations. To remain viable, FDIC-insured institutions must have enough liquid assets to meet their near-term obligations, such as withdrawals by depositors. Because the global financial crisis was in part a liquidity crisis, Basel III also includes a liquidity framework that requires FDIC-insured institutions to measure their liquidity against specific liquidity tests. One test, referred to as the liquidity coverage ratio or LCR, is designed to ensure that the banking entity has an adequate stock of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets that can be converted easily and immediately in private markets into cash to meet liquidity needs for a 30-calendar day liquidity stress scenario. The other test, known as the net stable funding ratio or NSFR, is designed to promote more medium- and long-term funding of the assets and activities of FDIC-insured institutions over a one-year horizon. These tests provide an incentive for banks and holding companies to increase their holdings in Treasury securities and other sovereign debt as a component of assets, increase the use of long-term debt as a funding source and rely on stable funding like core deposits (in lieu of brokered deposits). 
 
 In addition to liquidity guidelines already in place, the federal bank regulatory agencies implemented the Basel III LCR in September 2014, which requires large financial firms to hold levels of liquid assets sufficient to protect against constraints on their funding during times of financial turmoil, and in 2016 proposed implementation of the NSFR. While these rules do not, and will not, apply to the Bank, we continue to review our liquidity risk management policies in light of developments. 
 
 Dividend Payments. The primary source of funds for the Company is dividends from the Bank. Under the Iowa Banking Act, Iowa-chartered banks generally may pay dividends only out of undivided profits. The Iowa Division may restrict the declaration or payment of a dividend by an Iowa-chartered bank, such as the Bank. The payment of dividends by any FDIC-insured institution is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and a FDIC-insured institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized. As described above, the Bank exceeded its capital requirements under applicable guidelines as of December 31, 2022. Notwithstanding the availability of funds for dividends, however, the FDIC and the Iowa Division may prohibit the payment of dividends by the Bank if either or both determine such payment would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. In addition, under the Basel III Rule, institutions that seek the freedom to pay dividends have to maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to the capital conservation buffer. See The Role of Capital above. 
 
 State Bank Investments and Activities. The Bank is permitted to make investments and engage in activities directly or through subsidiaries as authorized by Iowa law. However, under federal law and FDIC regulations, FDIC-insured state banks are prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, from making or retaining equity investments of a type, or in an amount, that are not permissible for a national bank. Federal law and FDIC regulations also prohibit FDIC-insured state banks and their subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions, from engaging as principal in any activity that is not permitted for a national bank unless the bank meets, and continues to meet, its minimum regulatory capital requirements and the FDIC determines that the activity would not pose a significant risk to the DIF. These restrictions have not had, and are not currently expected to have, a material impact on the operations of the Bank. 
 
 Insider Transactions. The Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on covered transactions between the Bank and its affiliates. The Company is an affiliate of the Bank for purposes of these restrictions, and covered transactions subject to the restrictions include extensions of credit to the Company, investments in the stock or other securities of the Company and the acceptance of the stock or other securities of the Company as collateral for loans made by the Bank. The Dodd-Frank Act enhanced the requirements for certain transactions with affiliates, including an expansion of the definition of covered transactions and an increase in the amount of time for which collateral requirements regarding covered transactions must be maintained. 
 
 Certain limitations and reporting requirements are also placed on extensions of credit by the Bank to its directors and officers, to directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, to principal shareholders of the Company and to related interests of such directors, officers and principal shareholders. In addition, federal law and regulations may affect the terms on which any person who is a director or officer of the Company or the Bank, or a principal shareholder of the Company, may obtain credit from banks with which the Bank maintains a correspondent relationship. 
 
 Safety and Soundness Standards/Risk Management. The federal banking agencies have adopted operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of FDIC-insured institutions. The standards apply to internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality and earnings. 
 
 In general, the safety and soundness standards prescribe the goals to be achieved in each area, and each institution is responsible for establishing its own procedures to achieve those goals. While regulatory standards do not have the force of law, if an institution operates in an unsafe and unsound manner, the FDIC-insured institution s primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for achieving and maintaining compliance. If an FDIC-insured institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator is required to issue an order directing the institution to cure the deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator s order is cured, the regulator may restrict the FDIC-insured institution s rate of growth, require the FDIC-insured institution to increase its capital, restrict the rates that the institution pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action that the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Noncompliance with safety and soundness may also constitute grounds for other enforcement action by the federal bank regulatory agencies, including cease and desist orders and civil money penalty assessments. 
 
 During the past decade, the bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance of sound risk management processes and strong internal controls when evaluating the activities of the FDIC-insured institutions they supervise. Properly managing risk has been identified as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation, and the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing a banking institution including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal and reputational risk. The key risk themes identified for 2023 are discussed in Item 1.A. Risk Factors section. The Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring and management information systems; and comprehensive internal controls. 
 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity. The Bank is subject to many U.S. federal and state laws and regulations governing requirements for maintaining policies and procedures to protect non-public confidential information of their customers. These laws require the Bank to periodically disclose its privacy policies and practices relating to sharing such information and permit consumers to opt out of their ability to share information with unaffiliated third parties under certain circumstances. They also impact the Bank s ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or to contact customers with marketing offers. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, the Bank is required to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information. These security and privacy policies and procedures are in effect across all businesses and geographic locations. 
 
 Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity require financial institutions to design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. Bank management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution's operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. 
 
 Branching Authority . Iowa banks, such as the Bank, have the authority under Iowa law to establish branches anywhere in the State of Iowa, subject to receipt of all required regulatory approvals. The establishment of new interstate branches has historically been permitted only in those states the laws of which expressly authorize such expansion. The Dodd-Frank Act permits well-capitalized and well-managed banks to establish new interstate branches or the acquisition of individual branches of a bank in another state (rather than the acquisition of an out-of-state bank in its entirety) without impediments. Federal law permits state and national banks to merge with banks in other states subject to: (i) regulatory approval; (ii) federal and state deposit concentration limits; and (iii) state law limitations requiring the merging bank to have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) prior to the merger. 
 
 Transaction Account Reserves. Federal law requires FDIC-insured institutions to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily NOW and regular checking accounts) to provide liquidity. The amount of reserves is established by the Federal Reserve based on tranches of zero, three and ten percent of a bank s transaction account deposits. However, in March 2020, in an unprecedented move, the Federal Reserve announced that the banking system had ample reserves, and, as reserve requirements no longer played a significant role in this regime, it reduced all reserve tranches to zero percent, thereby freeing banks from the legally mandated reserve maintenance requirement. The action permits the Bank to loan or invest funds that were previously unavailable. The Federal Reserve has indicated that it expects to continue to operate in an ample reserves regime for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act Requirements. The CRA requires the Bank to have a continuing and affirmative obligation in a safe and sound manner to help meet the credit needs of the entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. Federal regulators regularly assess the Bank s record of meeting the credit needs of its communities. Applications for additional acquisitions would be affected by the evaluation of the Bank s effectiveness in meeting its CRA requirements. 
 
 In May 2022, the bank regulatory agencies issued a notice of proposed rulemaking called the Joint Proposal to Strengthen and Modernize Community Reinvestment Act Regulations (the CRA Proposal ). The CRA Proposal is designed to update how CRA activities qualify for consideration, where CRA activities are considered, and how CRA activities are evaluated. More specifically, the bank regulatory agencies described the goals of the CRA Proposal as follows: (i) to expand access to credit, investment, and basic banking services in low and moderate income communities; (ii) to adapt to changes in the banking industry, including mobile and internet banking by modernizing assessment areas while maintaining a focus on branch based areas; (iii) to provide greater clarity, consistency, and transparency in the application of the regulations through the use of standardized metrics as part of CRA evaluation and clarifying eligible CRA activities focused on low and moderate income communities and under served rural communities; (iv) to tailor CRA rules and data collection to bank size and business model; and (v) to maintain a unified approach among the regulators. A final rule has not yet been issued. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering. The USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act and other similar laws are designed to deny terrorists and criminals the ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial system and have significant implications for FDIC-insured institutions and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. These laws mandate financial services companies to have policies and procedures with respect to measures designed to address the following matters: (i) customer identification programs; (ii) money laundering; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv) identifying and reporting suspicious activities and currency transactions; (v) currency crimes; and (vi) cooperation between FDIC-insured institutions and law enforcement authorities. 
 
 Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate. Concentration risk exists when FDIC-insured institutions deploy too many assets to any one industry or segment. A concentration in commercial real estate is one example of regulatory concern. The interagency Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices guidance CRE Guidance provides supervisory criteria, including the following numerical indicators, to assist bank examiners in identifying banks with potentially significant commercial real estate loan concentrations that may warrant greater supervisory scrutiny: (i) commercial real estate loans exceeding 300 of capital and increasing 50 or more in the preceding three years; or (ii) construction and land development loans exceeding 100 of capital. The CRE Guidance does not limit banks levels of commercial real estate lending activities, but rather guides institutions in developing risk management practices and levels of capital that are commensurate with the level and nature of their commercial real estate concentrations. On December 18, 2015, the federal banking agencies issued a statement to reinforce prudent risk-management practices related to CRE lending, having observed substantial growth in many CRE asset and lending markets, increased competitive pressures, rising CRE concentrations in 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 banks, and an easing of CRE underwriting standards. The federal bank agencies reminded FDIC-insured institutions to maintain underwriting discipline and exercise prudent risk-management practices to identify, measure, monitor, and manage the risks arising from CRE lending. In addition, FDIC-insured institutions must maintain capital commensurate with the level and nature of their CRE concentration risk. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank did not exceed these guidelines. 
 
 Consumer Financial Services. The historical structure of federal consumer protection regulation applicable to all providers of consumer financial products and services changed significantly on July 21, 2011, when the CFPB commenced operations to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all providers of consumer products and services, including the Bank, as well as the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The CFPB has examination and enforcement authority over providers with more than 10 billion in assets. FDIC-insured institutions with 10 billion or less in assets, like the Bank, continue to be examined by their applicable bank regulators. 
 
 Because abuses in connection with residential mortgages were a significant factor contributing to the financial crisis, many rules issued by the CFPB, as required by the Dodd-Frank Act, addressed mortgage and mortgage-related products, their underwriting, origination, servicing and sales. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded underwriting requirements applicable to loans secured by 1-4 family residential real property and augmented federal law combating predatory lending practices. In addition to numerous disclosure requirements, the Dodd Frank Act and the CFPB s rules imposed new standards for mortgage loan originations on all lenders, including banks and savings associations, in an effort to strongly encourage lenders to verify a borrower s ability to repay, while also establishing a presumption of compliance for certain qualified mortgages. The CFPB s rules have not had a significant impact on the Bank s operations, except for higher compliance costs. 

I TEM 1A. R ISK F ACTORS . 
 An investment in our securities is subject to risks inherent in our business. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included in this report. In addition to the risks and uncertainties described below, other risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The value or market price of our securities could decline due to any of these identified or other risks, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Economic and Market Risks 
 
 Our business is concentrated in and largely dependent upon the continued growth and welfare of the Iowa and Minneapolis/St. Paul markets. 
 
 We operate primarily in the central and eastern Iowa and Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota markets and their surrounding communities in the upper-Midwest. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are significantly impacted by changes in the economic conditions in those areas. Our success depends to a significant extent upon the business activity, population, income levels, deposits and real estate activity in these markets. Although our customers businesses and financial interests may extend well beyond these market areas, adverse economic conditions that affect these market areas could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans to us, affect the value of collateral underlying loans and generally affect our financial condition and results of operations. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity or investor or business confidence; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; increases in inflation or interest rates; high unemployment; uncertainty in U.S. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs; natural disasters; acts of war or terrorism; widespread disease or pandemics; or a combination of these or other factors. Because of our geographic concentration, we are less able than other regional or national financial institutions to diversify our credit risks across multiple markets. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could continue to have adverse effects on our business. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant economic impact on the communities in which we operate, our borrowers and depositors, and the national economy generally. These effects have diminished in the past year, but future developments and uncertainties will be difficult to predict, such as the potential emergence of a new variant, the course of the pandemic in China and other major economies, the persistence of pandemic-related work and lifestyle changes, changes in consumer preferences associated with the emergence of the pandemic, and other market disruptions. Any such developments could have a complex and negative effect on our business, including with respect to the prevailing economic environment, our lending and investment activities, and our business operations. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Continued elevated levels of inflation could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The United States has recently experienced elevated levels of inflation, with the consumer price index climbing approximately 6.5 in 2022. Continued levels of inflation could have complex effects on our business, results of operations and financial condition, some of which could be materially adverse. For example, while we generally expect any inflation-related increases in our interest expense to be offset by increases in our interest revenue, inflation-driven increases in our levels of noninterest expense could negatively impact our results of operations. Continued elevated levels of inflation could also cause increased volatility and uncertainty in the business environment, which could adversely affect loan demand and our clients ability to repay indebtedness. It is also possible that governmental responses to the current inflation environment could adversely affect our business, such as changes to monetary and fiscal policies. 
 
 We are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely affect our financial condition and profitability. 
 
 Shifts in short-term interest rates may reduce our net interest income, which is the principal component of our earnings. The impact on earnings can be adverse when the slope of the yield curve flattens, that is, when short-term interest rates increase more than long-term interest rates or when long-term interest rates decrease more than short-term interest rates. 
 
 Changes in interest rates also can affect the value of loans, securities and other assets. An increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans may lead to an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Rising interest rates will likely result in a decline in fair value of our fixed-rate debt securities. Unrealized losses due to changes in interest rates on available for sale securities are recognized in other comprehensive income and reduce total shareholders equity and do not negatively impact our regulatory capital ratios. However, tangible common equity and the associated ratios used by many investors would be reduced. Realized losses from debt securities sales reduce our regulatory capital ratios. 
 
 The Federal Reserve throughout 2022 has raised interest rates, tapered its quantitative easing program, and reduced its balance sheet of bonds and other assets, with a goal of avoiding abrupt or unpredictable changes in economic or financial conditions so as not to disrupt the financial systems, also known as shocks; despite this, the impact of these changes cannot be certain. Vulnerabilities in the financial system can amplify the impact of an initial shock following rate increases, potentially leading to unintended volatility, as well to disruptions in the provision of financial services, such as clearing payments, the provision of liquidity, and the availability of credit. Furthermore, asset liquidation pressures can be amplified by liquidity mismatches and the leverage of certain non-bank financial intermediaries such as hedge funds. The financial crisis in March 2020 also demonstrated that pressures on dealer intermediation can limit the availability of liquidity during times of market stress. Given the interconnectedness of the global financial system, these vulnerabilities could impact the Company s business operations and financial condition. 
 
 We measure interest rate risk under various rate scenarios and using specific criteria and assumptions. A summary of this process, along with the results of our net interest income simulations, is included at Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk under Interest Rate Risk. Although we believe our current level of interest rate sensitivity is reasonable and effectively managed, significant fluctuations in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market operations in U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 
 Beginning in March 2022 the Federal Reserve made a series of significant increases to the target Federal Funds rate as part of an effort to combat elevated levels of inflation affecting the U.S. economy, which is expected to continue in the near term. This has helped drive a significant increase in prevailing interest rates and, while this increased our net interest income, it also harmed the value of our securities portfolio, which had 108.2 million in net unrealized losses from available-for-sale investment securities at December 31, 2022, which has negatively affected our tangible book value. Higher interest rates can also negatively affect our customers businesses and financial condition, and the value of collateral securing loans in our portfolio. 
 
 Given the complex factors affecting the strength of the U.S. economy, including uncertainties regarding the persistence of inflation, geopolitical developments such as the war in Ukraine and resulting disruptions in the global energy market, the effects of the pandemic in China, and tight labor market conditions and supply chain issues, there is a meaningful risk that the Federal 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Reserve and other central banks may raise interest rates too much, thereby limiting economic growth and potentially causing an economic recession. This could decrease loan demand, harm the credit characteristics of our existing loan portfolio and decrease the value of collateral securing loans in the portfolio. 
 
 The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. 
 
 We are subject to risk concerning the discontinuance of LIBOR. 
 
 LIBOR represents the interest rate at which banks offer to lend funds to one another in the international interbank market for short-term loans. On July 27, 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR rates after 2021. In March 2022, the U.S. Government enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act to provide a smooth transition for contracts that reference LIBOR, but have no clearly defined replacement benchmark rate. Under the LIBOR Act, such contracts will transition to the applicable reference rates recommended by the FRB on June 30, 2023 (LIBOR replacement date). On December 16, 2022, the FRB published a final rule setting forth the replacement benchmark rates that will replace LIBOR on the LIBOR replacement date pursuant to the LIBOR Act. Such recommendations by the FRB included the use of varying SOFR rates for derivatives and other financial contracts that are currently indexed to LIBOR. 
 
 Contracts linked to LIBOR are vast in number and value, are intertwined with numerous financial products and services, and have diverse parties. Although the Company has actively worked to plan for the transition away from LIBOR, the transition is both complex and challenging and the downstream effect of unwinding or transitioning such contracts could cause instability and negatively impact financial markets and individual institutions. If the company s selected alternative rate is based on small transaction volume, it could be susceptible to volatility and disruption during times of market stress. Furthermore, if the company fails to properly address legacy contracts by adding robust fallback positions, it will be exposed to interest rate risks and potential loss of yields. Finally, if the Company or other market participants fail to properly plan to implement alternative rates other than LIBOR, it could have an adverse effect on the Company and the financial system as a whole. 
 
 We could recognize losses on securities held in our securities portfolio, particularly if interest rates increase or economic and market conditions deteriorate. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our securities portfolio was approximately 2.08 billion. Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. For example, fixed-rate securities acquired by us are generally subject to decreases in market value when interest rates rise. Additional factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency downgrades of the securities, defaults by the issuer or individual mortgagors with respect to the underlying securities, and instability in the credit markets. Any of the foregoing factors could result in the recognition of a loss through earnings. Because of changing economic and market conditions affecting interest rates, the financial condition of issuers of the securities and the performance of the underlying collateral, we may recognize realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 108.2 million in net unrealized losses in our debt securities available for sale portfolio and 204.5 million in net unrealized losses in our held to maturity debt securities portfolio. If we are forced to liquidate any of those investments prior to maturity, including because of a lack of liquidity, we would recognize as a charge to earnings the losses attributable to those securities. Our securities portfolio has an average duration of 4.9 years, so we expect an increase in realized losses if interest rates continue to increase in 2023. 
 
 Weather-related events and other natural disasters, as well as man-made disasters, could cause a disruption in our operations or other consequences that could have an adverse impact on financial results and condition. 
 
 A significant portion of our operations are located in areas that are susceptible to floods, droughts, tornadoes and other severe weather events. Severe weather events, such as the August 2020 Midwest derecho and Hurricane Ian in 2022, could cause disruptions to our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, results of operations or financial condition. While we maintain insurance covering many of these weather-related events, including coverage for lost profits and extra expense, there is no insurance against the disruption that a severe weather event could produce to the markets that we serve and the resulting adverse impact on our borrowers to timely repay their loans and the value of any collateral held by us. The severity and impact of weather-related events are difficult to predict and may be exacerbated by global climate change. 
 
 Risks arising from climate change, including physical risks and transition risks, could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Climate change could present financial risks to us through changes in the physical climate that affect our operations directly or that impact our customer s operations or loan collateral. Climate change also could present financial risks to us as a result of 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 transition risks, such as societal and/or technological responses to climate change, which could include changes in climate policy or in the regulation of financial institutions with respect to risks posed by climate change. These climate-related physical risks and transition risks could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations due to the impact such risks may have on our operations and our customers, such as declines in asset values, reduced availability of insurance, significant interruptions to business operations, and negative consequences to business models and the need to make changes in response to those consequences. The risks of regulatory changes and compliance requirements related to climate change may impose operational burdens and increased compliance costs, capital requirements, or the risk of litigation, which could adversely affect the Company s businesses, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Credit and Lending Risks 
 
 We must manage our credit risk effectively. 
 
 There are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers, risks of nonpayment, risks resulting from uncertainties as to the future value of collateral and cash flows available to service debt and risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions. In addition, we primarily serve the banking and financial services needs of small to mid-sized businesses. These businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, may experience volatility in operating results, and may have elevated business continuity risk due to the limited size of the management group, any of which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan. We attempt to minimize our credit risk through prudent loan application approval procedures, careful monitoring of the concentration of our loans within specific industries and periodic independent reviews of outstanding loans by our credit review department. We periodically examine our credit process and implement changes to improve our procedures and standards. However, we cannot assure you that such approval and monitoring procedures will reduce these credit risks. If the overall economic climate in the United States, generally, or our market areas, specifically, declines, or even if it does not, our borrowers may experience difficulties in repaying their loans, and the level of nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require increases in the provision for loan losses, which would cause our net income and return on equity to decrease. 
 
 Our loan portfolio has a significant concentration of commercial real estate loans, which involve risks specific to real estate value. 
 Commercial real estate lending comprises a significant portion of our lending business. Specifically, commercial real estate loans were approximately 51.6 of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. The market value of real estate securing our commercial real estate loans can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. Although a significant portion of such loans is secured by real estate as a secondary form of repayment, adverse developments affecting real estate values in one or more of our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio. Additionally, the repayment of the commercial real estate loans generally is dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the properties securing the loans to cover operating expenses and debt service. Economic events or governmental regulations outside of the control of the borrower or lender could negatively impact the future cash flow and market values of the affected properties. 
 
 If problems develop in the commercial real estate sector, particularly within one or more of our markets, the value of collateral securing our commercial real estate loans could decline, which could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and/or capital. In light of the continued general uncertainty that exists in the economy and credit markets nationally, we may experience deterioration in the performance of our commercial real estate loan customers. 
 
 Commercial, industrial and agricultural loans make up a significant portion of our loan portfolio. 
 Commercial, industrial and agricultural loans (including credit cards and commercially related overdrafts) were approximately 30.5 of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. Our commercial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flow of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. Most often, this collateral is accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. Credit support provided by the borrower for most of these loans and the probability of repayment is based on the liquidation value of the pledged collateral and enforcement of a personal guarantee, if any exists. As a result, in the case of loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its customers. The collateral securing these loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. In addition, if the U.S. economy declines, this could harm the businesses of our commercial and industrial customers and reduce the value of the collateral securing these loans. 
 
 Payments on agricultural loans are dependent on the successful operation or management of the farm property. The success of the farm may be affected by many factors outside the control of the borrower, including adverse weather conditions that prevent the planting of a crop or limit crop yields, such as hail, drought and floods (although borrowers may attempt to mitigate this risk by purchasing crop insurance), loss of livestock due to disease or other factors, declines in market prices for agricultural products both domestically and internationally, and the impact of government regulations, including changes in price supports, 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 subsidies, tariffs, trade agreements, and environmental regulations. In addition, many farms are dependent on a limited number of key individuals whose injury or death may significantly affect the successful operation of the farm. If the cash flow from a farming operation is diminished, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. The primary crops in our market areas are corn and soybeans. Accordingly, adverse circumstances affecting these crops could have an adverse effect on our agricultural portfolio. Likewise, agricultural operating loans involve a greater degree of risk than lending on residential properties, particularly in the case of loans that are unsecured or secured by rapidly depreciating assets such as farm equipment or assets such as livestock or crops. In these cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance as a result of the greater likelihood of damage, loss or depreciation. 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb losses in our loan portfolio. 
 
 We establish our allowance for credit losses at a level considered appropriate by management to absorb current expected credit losses based on an analysis of the portfolio, market environment and other factors we deem relevant. The allowance for credit losses represents our estimate of current expected losses in the portfolio at each balance sheet date and is based upon relevant information available to us. The allowance contains an allocation for loans specifically evaluated, as well as loans collectively evaluated. Additions to the allowance for credit losses, are estimated through the current expected credit loss model, which reflects current and forecasted conditions. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Although management has established an allowance for credit losses it believes is adequate to absorb current expected credit losses, the allowance may not be adequate. We could sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the amount of our allowance for credit losses. Higher loan losses could arise for a variety of reasons, including changes in economic, operating and other conditions within our markets, as well as changes in the financial condition, cash flows, and operations of our borrowers. At December 31, 2022, our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans held for investment, net was 1.28 and as a percentage of nonaccrual loans was approximately 322.50 . An increase in the allowance for credit losses will result in a decrease in net income and, most likely, capital, and may have a material negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Nonperforming assets take significant time to resolve and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and could result in further losses in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our nonperforming loans, which includes nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest, totaled 15.8 million, or 0.41 of our loan portfolio. Our nonperforming assets, which include nonperforming loans plus foreclosed assets, net, totaled 15.9 million, or 0.24 of total assets. 
 
 Our nonperforming assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. We do not record interest income on nonaccrual loans or foreclosed assets, thereby adversely affecting our net income and returns on assets and equity, increasing our loan administration costs and adversely affecting our efficiency ratio. When we take collateral in foreclosure and similar proceedings, we are required to mark the collateral to its fair market value, which may result in a loss. These nonperforming loans and foreclosed assets also increase our risk profile and the capital our regulators believe is appropriate in light of such risks. The resolution of nonperforming assets requires significant time commitments from management and can be detrimental to the performance of their other responsibilities. If we experience increases in nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets, our net interest income may be negatively impacted and our loan administration costs could increase, each of which could have an adverse effect on our net income and related ratios, such as return on assets and equity. 
 
 We may encounter issues with environmental law compliance if we take possession, through foreclosure or otherwise, of the real property that secures a loan. 
 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. In the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property's value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Capital Liquidity Risks 
 
 Liquidity risks could affect operations and jeopardize our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans and other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. Our most important source of funds consists of customer deposits. Deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as money market funds, treasury securities, and certificates of deposit at other financial institutions as providing a better risk/return trade-off. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, we could lose a relatively low cost source of funds, 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 which would require us to seek other, potentially higher cost funding alternatives. Other primary sources of funds consist of cash from operations, investment securities maturities and sales, and funds from sales of our stock. Additional liquidity is provided by brokered deposits, bank lines of credit, repurchase agreements and the ability to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank and the FHLB. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our activities or on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us directly or the financial services industry or economy in general, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our average borrowed funds increased to 372.1 million, compared to 370.2 million at December 31, 2021. As a result, our cost of funds increased, which resulted in a decline in our net interest margin in 2022 compared to 2021, that was partially offset by higher interest earning asset yields. 
 
 Any decline in available funding could adversely impact our ability to originate loans, invest in securities, pay our expenses, pay dividends to our shareholders, or fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may desire or be required to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available. 
 
 We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. We intend to grow our business organically and to explore opportunities to grow our business by taking advantage of attractive acquisition opportunities, and such growth plans may require us to raise additional capital to ensure that we have adequate levels of capital to support such growth on top of our current operations. In order to accommodate future capital needs, we maintain a universal shelf registration statement, which allows for future sale up to 100 million of securities. Our ability to raise additional capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry, market conditions and governmental activities, and on our financial condition and performance. If we were required to raise additional capital in the current interest rate environment, we believe the pricing and other terms investors may require in such an offering may not be attractive to us. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of our ability to raise additional capital, if needed or desired, on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed or desired, our ability to further expand our operations through internal growth or acquisitions could be materially impaired. 
 
 Downgrades in the credit rating of one or more insurers that provide credit enhancement for our state and municipal securities portfolio may have an adverse impact on the market for, and valuation of, these types of securities. 
 We invest in tax-exempt and taxable state and local municipal securities, some of which are insured by monoline insurers. As of December 31, 2022, we had 824.1 million of municipal securities, which represented 36.1 of our total securities portfolio, based upon recorded values. Following the onset of the financial crisis, several of these insurers came under scrutiny by rating agencies. Even though management generally purchases municipal securities on the overall credit strength of the issuer, the reduction in the credit rating of an insurer may negatively impact the market for and valuation of our investment securities. Such a downgrade could adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to pay dividends is subject to certain limitations and restrictions, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue paying the same level of dividends in the future that we have paid in the past or that we will be able to pay future dividends at all. 
 
 The ability of the Bank to pay dividends to us is limited by its obligations to maintain sufficient capital and liquidity and by other general restrictions on dividends that are applicable to the Bank, including the requirement under the Iowa Banking Act that the Bank may not pay dividends in excess of its undivided profits. If these regulatory requirements are not met, the Bank will not be able to pay dividends to us, and we may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 
 In addition, as a bank holding company, our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to the guidelines of the Federal Reserve regarding capital adequacy and dividends. The Federal Reserve guidelines generally require us to review the effects of the cash payment of dividends on common stock and other Tier 1 capital instruments (e.g. perpetual preferred stock and trust preferred debt) in light of our earnings, capital adequacy and financial condition. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve indicates that the board of directors of a bank holding company (including a financial holding company) should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce the company s dividends if: 
 
 the company s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; 
 the prospective rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or 
 the company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Also, banking institutions that do not maintain a capital conservation buffer, comprised of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, of 2.5 above the regulatory minimum capital requirements will face constraints on the payment of dividends, stock repurchases and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers based on the amount of the shortfall, unless prior regulatory approval is obtained. Accordingly, if the Bank fails to maintain the applicable minimum capital ratios and the capital conservation buffer, distributions to the Company may be prohibited or limited, and if the Company fails to maintain the applicable minimum capital ratios and the capital conservation buffer, distributions to or stock repurchases from the Company s shareholders may be prohibited or limited. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 42.1 million of junior subordinated debentures held by five statutory business trusts that we control. Interest payments on the debentures, which totaled 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, must be paid before we pay dividends on our capital stock, including our common stock. We have the right to defer interest payments on the debentures for up to 20 consecutive quarters. However, if we elect to defer interest payments, all deferred interest must be paid before we may pay dividends on our capital stock. 
 We have counterparty risk, and therefore, we may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding and other transactions could be negatively affected by the actions and the soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are generally interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, credit or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties and regularly engage in transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks and other institutional customers. Many of these transactions may expose us to credit or other risks if another financial institution experiences adverse circumstances. In certain circumstances, the collateral that we hold may be insufficient to fully cover the risk that a counterparty defaults on its obligations, which may cause us to experience losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Competitive and Strategic Risks 
 We face intense competition in all phases of our business from banks, other financial institutions, and non-banks. 
 
 The banking and financial services businesses in our markets are highly competitive. Our competitors include large regional banks, local community banks, savings and loan associations, securities and brokerage companies, mortgage companies, insurance companies, finance companies, money market mutual funds, small local credit unions as well as large aggressive and expansion-minded credit unions, fintech companies, and other non-bank financial services providers. Many of these competitors are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as we are. Many of our unregulated competitors compete across geographic boundaries and are able to provide customers with a competitive alternative to traditional banking services, including financial transaction processing, lending platforms, and maintenance of funds. 
 
 While we do not offer products relating to digital assets, including cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and other similar assets, there has been a significant increase in digital asset adoption globally over the past several years. Certain characteristics of digital asset transactions, such as the speed with which such transactions can be conducted, the ability to transact without the involvement of regulated intermediaries, the ability to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, and the anonymous nature of the transactions, are appealing to certain consumers notwithstanding the various risks posed by such transactions. Accordingly, digital asset service providers which, at present are not subject to the same degree of scrutiny and oversight as banking organizations and other financial institutions are becoming active competitors to more traditional financial institutions. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Potential partnerships with digital asset companies, moreover, could also entail significant investment. 
 
 Increased competition in our markets may result in a decrease in the amounts of our loans and deposits, reduced spreads between loan rates and deposit rates, increased pressure on underwriting standards, or loan terms that are more favorable to the borrower. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our results, our financial condition, and our ability to grow and remain profitable. In addition, the diminishing role of banks as financial intermediaries has resulted and could continue to result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. 
 
 We have a continuing need for technological change, and we may not have the resources to effectively implement new technology. 
 
 The financial services industry continues to undergo rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to enabling us to better serve our customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and the potential for cost reduction. Our future success will depend in part upon our ability, both internally and through our core processor, to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations as 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 we continue to grow our market share. Many of our larger competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. As a result, they may be able to offer additional or superior products to those that we will be able to offer, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Accordingly, we cannot provide you with assurance that we will be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing such products and services to our customers. 
 
 The widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet services, cryptocurrencies and payment systems, could require us in the future to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing products and services as we grow and develop new products to satisfy our customers expectations and comply with regulatory guidance. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by risks associated with completed and potential acquisitions, including execution risks, failure to realize anticipated transaction benefits, and failure to overcome integration risks, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability. 
 
 We plan to continue to grow our businesses organically but remain open to considering potential bank or other acquisition opportunities, in addition to this year s acquisition of IOFB, that make financial and strategic sense. In the event that we do pursue acquisitions, we may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated transaction benefits. Acquisition activities could be material to our business and involve a number of risks, including the following: 
 
 We may incur time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and negotiating potential transactions, resulting in our attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business. 
 We are exposed to potential asset and credit quality risks and unknown or contingent liabilities of the banks or businesses we acquire. If these issues or liabilities exceed our estimates, our earnings, capital and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
 The acquisition of other entities generally requires integration of systems, procedures and personnel of the acquired entity. This integration process is complicated and time consuming and can also be disruptive to the customers and employees of the acquired business and our business. If the integration process is not conducted successfully, we may not realize the anticipated economic benefits of acquisitions within the expected time frame, or ever, and we may lose customers or employees of the acquired business. We may also experience greater than anticipated customer losses even if the integration process is successful. 
 To finance an acquisition, we may borrow funds or pursue other forms of financing, such as issuing convertible preferred stock, which may have high dividend rates or may be highly dilutive to holders of our common stock, thereby increasing our leverage and diminishing our liquidity, or issuing capital stock, which could dilute the interests of our existing shareholders. 
 We may be unsuccessful in realizing other anticipated benefits from acquisitions. For example, we may not be successful in realizing anticipated cost savings. 
 
 In addition to the foregoing, we may face additional risks in acquisitions to the extent we acquire new lines of business, new products, or enter new geographic areas, in which we have little or no current experience, especially if we lose key employees of the acquired operations. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with acquisitions. Our inability to overcome risks associated with acquisitions could have an adverse effect on our ability to successfully implement our acquisition growth strategy and grow our business and profitability. 
 
 Accounting and Tax Risks 
 
 Our accounting estimates and risk management processes rely on analytical and forecasting models. 
 
 The processes that we use to estimate expected credit losses and to measure the fair value of assets carried on the balance sheet at fair value, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depend upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. These models are complex and reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Although we have processes and procedures in place governing internal valuation models and their testing and calibration, such assumptions are complex as we must make judgments about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Different assumptions could have resulted in significant changes in valuation, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company is subject to changes in tax law and may not realize tax benefits which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Changes in tax laws at national or state levels, such as the new 1.0 excise tax on stock buybacks for publicly traded companies, could have an effect on the Company s short-term and long-term earnings. Changes in tax laws could affect the Company s earnings as well as its customers financial positions, or both. Changes in tax laws could also require the revaluation of the Company s net deferred tax position, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, current portions of the Company s net deferred tax assets relate to tax-effected state net 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 operating loss carry-forwards, the utilization of which may be further limited in the event of certain material changes in the Company s ownership. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 We face the risk of possible future goodwill impairment. 
 In 2020, based upon the Company s interim goodwill assessment as of September 30, 2020, we concluded that an impairment of goodwill existed, and we incurred a 31.5 million goodwill impairment charge We will be required to perform additional goodwill impairment assessments on at least an annual basis, and perhaps more frequently, which could result in additional goodwill impairment charges. Any future goodwill impairment charge on the current goodwill balance, or future goodwill arising out of acquisitions that we are required to take, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations by reducing our net income or increasing our net losses. 
 
 Our ability to attract and retain management and key personnel may affect future growth and earnings. 
 Much of our success and growth has been influenced by our ability to attract and retain management experienced in banking and financial services and familiar with the communities in our market areas. Our ability to attract and retain executive officers, management teams, branch managers and loan officers will continue to be important to the successful implementation of our strategy. The Dodd-Frank Act also directs the Federal Reserve to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to bank holding company executives. These rules, when adopted, may make it more difficult to attract and retain the people we need to operate our businesses and limit our ability to promote our objectives through our compensation and incentive programs. The unexpected loss of services of any key management personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Labor shortages and a failure to attract and retain qualified employees could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase labor costs, including high employment levels, decreased labor force size and participation rates. Although we have not experienced any material labor shortage to date, we have recently observed an overall tightening and competitive local labor market. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base and also within our third-party vendors could lead to increased costs, such as increased compensation expense to attract and retain employees. In addition, if we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we take to respond to a decrease in labor availability have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The occurrence of fraudulent activity, breaches or failures of our information security controls or cybersecurity-related incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 As a bank, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity, information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents that may be committed against us or our clients, which may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our clients, disclosure or misuse of our information or our client information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our clients, litigation or damage to our reputation. Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering and other dishonest acts. Information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents may include fraudulent or unauthorized access to systems used by us or our clients, denial or degradation of service attacks, ransomware, malware or other cyber-attacks. 
 
 There continues to be a rise in electronic fraudulent activity, security breaches and cyber-attacks within the financial services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector due to cyber criminals targeting commercial bank accounts. Several large corporations, including financial institutions and retail companies, have suffered major data breaches, in some cases exposing not only confidential and proprietary corporate information, but also sensitive financial and other personal information of their customers and employees and subjecting them to potential fraudulent activity. Some of our clients may have been affected by these breaches, which could increase their risks of identity theft and other fraudulent activity that could involve their accounts with us. 
 
 Information pertaining to us and our clients is maintained, and transactions are executed, on networks and systems maintained by us and certain third party partners, such as our online banking, mobile banking or accounting systems. The secure maintenance and transmission of confidential information, as well as execution of transactions over these systems, are essential to protect us and our clients against fraud and security breaches and to maintain the confidence of our clients. Breaches of information security also may occur through intentional or unintentional acts by those having access to our systems or the confidential information of our clients, including employees. In addition, increases in criminal activity levels and sophistication, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries, vulnerabilities in third party technologies (including browsers and operating systems) or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the technology, processes and controls that 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 we use to prevent fraudulent transactions and to protect data about us, our clients and underlying transactions, as well as the technology used by our clients to access our systems. Our third party partners inability to anticipate, or failure to adequately mitigate, breaches of security could result in a number of negative events, including losses to us or our clients, loss of business or clients, damage to our reputation, the incurrence of additional expenses, disruption to our business, additional regulatory scrutiny or penalties or our exposure to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. While we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. 
 
 The Company is or may become involved from time to time in suits, legal proceedings, information-gathering requests, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies that may lead to adverse consequences. 
 
 Many aspects of our business and operations involve the risk of legal liability, and in some cases we or our subsidiaries have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from our business activities. In addition, companies in our industry are frequently the subject of governmental and self-regulatory agency information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings. The results of such proceedings could lead to significant civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, damages, adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restrictions on the way in which we conduct our business, or reputational harm. 
 
 Although we establish accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, we do not have accruals for all legal proceedings where we face a risk of loss. In addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued may not represent the ultimate loss to us from the legal proceedings in question. Accordingly, our ultimate losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We depend on information technology and telecommunications systems of third parties, and any systems failures, interruptions or data breaches involving these systems could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems, third party servicers, accounting systems, mobile and online banking platforms and financial intermediaries. We outsource to third parties many of our major systems, such as data processing and mobile and online banking. The failure of these systems, or the termination of a third party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third party systems fail or experience interruptions. A system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to process loans or gather deposits and provide customer service, compromise our ability to operate effectively, result in potential noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business or subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In addition, failures of third parties to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or fraud or misconduct on the part of employees of any of these third parties, could disrupt our operations or adversely affect our reputation. 
 
 It may be difficult for us to replace some of our third party vendors, particularly vendors providing our core banking and information services, in a timely manner if they are unwilling or unable to provide us with these services in the future for any reason, and even if we are able to replace them, it may be at higher cost or result in the loss of customers. Any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Our operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of information and the monitoring of a large number of transactions on a minute-by-minute basis, and even a short interruption in service could have significant consequences. We also interact with and rely on retailers, for whom we process transactions, as well as financial counterparties and regulators. Each of these third parties may be targets of the same types of fraudulent activity, computer break-ins and other cybersecurity breaches described above, and the cybersecurity measures that they maintain to mitigate the risk of such activity may be different than our own and may be inadequate. 
 
 As a result of financial entities and technology systems becoming more interdependent and complex, a cyber incident, information breach or loss, or technology failure that compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including ourselves. As a result of the foregoing, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact. 

21 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to certain operational risks, including, but not limited to, customer or employee fraud and data processing system failures and errors. 
 
 Employee errors and employee and customer misconduct could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. Misconduct by our employees could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of our customers or improper use of confidential information. It is not always possible to prevent employee errors and misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Employee errors could also subject us to financial claims for negligence. 
 
 We maintain a system of internal controls and insurance coverage to mitigate against operational risks, including data processing system failures and errors and customer or employee fraud. Should our internal controls fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, and if any resulting loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss to us. 
 
 Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to us. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, operational risk, compensation risk, legal and compliance risk, and reputational risk, among others. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our internal controls may be ineffective. 
 
 Management regularly reviews and updates our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information provided by customers and counterparties. 
 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of customers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. In deciding whether to extend credit, we may rely upon our customers' representations that their financial statements conform to GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. We also may rely on customer representations and certifications, or other audit or accountants' reports, with respect to the business and financial condition of our clients. Our financial condition, results of operations, financial reporting and reputation could be negatively affected if we rely on materially misleading, false, inaccurate or fraudulent information. 
 
 Regulatory Risks 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations to which we are subject, or changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us. 
 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to extensive regulation by multiple regulatory agencies. These regulations may affect the manner and terms of delivery of our services. If we do not comply with governmental regulations, we may be subject to fines, penalties, lawsuits or material restrictions on our businesses in the jurisdiction where the violation occurred, which may adversely affect our business operations. Changes in these regulations can significantly affect the services that we provide, as well as our costs of compliance with such regulations. In addition, political developments, including possible changes in law introduced by the new presidential administration or the appointment of new personnel in regulatory agencies, add uncertainty to the implementation, scope and timing of regulatory reforms. In addition, adverse publicity and damage to our reputation arising from the failure or perceived failure to comply with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements could affect our ability to attract and retain customers. 
 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to stringent capital and liquidity requirements. 
 
 As a result of the implementation of the Basel III Rules, we were required to meet new and increased capital requirements beginning on January 1, 2015. In addition, beginning in 2016, banking institutions that do not maintain a capital conservation buffer, comprised of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, of 2.5 above the regulatory minimum capital requirements face constraints on the payment of dividends, stock repurchases and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers based on the amount of the shortfall, unless prior regulatory approval is obtained. Accordingly, if the Bank or the Company fails to maintain 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 the applicable minimum capital ratios and the capital conservation buffer, distributions by the Bank to the Company, or dividends or stock repurchases by the Company, may be prohibited or limited. 
 
 Future increases in minimum capital requirements could adversely affect our net income. Furthermore, if we fail to comply with the minimum capital requirements, our failure could result in our regulators taking formal or informal actions against us which could restrict our future growth or operations. 
 
 Federal and state regulators periodically examine our business, and we may be required to remediate adverse examination findings. 
 
 The Federal Reserve, the FDIC, and the Iowa Division periodically examine our business, including our compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a banking agency were to determine that our financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of any of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we were in violation of any law or regulation, they may take a number of different remedial actions as they deem appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil money penalties, to fine or remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance and place our bank into receivership or conservatorship. Any regulatory action against us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the CRA and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 
 The CRA requires the Bank, consistent with safe and sound operations, to ascertain and meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income areas. The Bank s failure to comply with the CRA could, among other things, result in the denial or delay of certain corporate applications filed by us or the Bank, including applications for branch openings or relocations and applications to acquire, merge or consolidate with another banking institution or holding company. In addition, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations prohibit discriminatory lending practices by financial institutions. The U.S. Department of Justice, federal banking agencies, and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A challenge to an institution s compliance with fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion, and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions against us. 
 
 The USA PATRIOT Act and the Bank Secrecy Act require financial institutions to design and implement programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities. If such activities are detected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Treasury. These rules require financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Federal and state bank regulators also have focused on compliance with Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering regulations. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines or sanctions, including restrictions on conducting acquisitions or establishing new branches. In recent years, several banking institutions have received large fines for non-compliance with these laws and regulations. While we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, these policies and procedures may not be effective in preventing violations of these laws and regulations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Common Stock Risks 
 
 There is a limited trading market for our common shares, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. 
 
 Although our common shares are listed for quotation on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the trading in our common shares has substantially less liquidity than many other companies listed on Nasdaq. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the market of willing buyers and sellers of our common shares at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. We cannot assure you that the volume of trading in our common shares will increase in the future. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Certain shareholders own a significant interest in the Company and may exercise their control in a manner detrimental to your interests. 
 Certain MidWest One shareholders who are descendants of our founder collectively control approximately 17.9 of our outstanding common stock. In addition, certain MidWest One shareholders that previously owned ATBancorp collectively control approximately 21.0 of our outstanding common stock. These shareholders may have the opportunity to exert influence on the outcome of matters required to be submitted to shareholders for approval. In addition, the significant level of ownership by these shareholders may contribute to the rather limited liquidity of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

I TEM 1B. U NRESOLVED S TAFF C OMMENTS . 
 None. 

I TEM 2. P ROPERTIES . 
 The Company s principal location is our corporate headquarters located at 102 South Clinton Street, Iowa City, Iowa. We own or lease other banking offices and operating facilities located throughout central and eastern Iowa, the Minneapolis / St. Paul metropolitan area of Minnesota, southwestern Wisconsin, Naples and Fort Myers Florida, and Denver, Colorado. The number of banking offices per state at December 31, 2022 is detailed in the following table: 
 Number of Banking Offices Iowa banking offices 35 Minnesota banking offices 12 Wisconsin banking offices 7 Florida banking offices 2 Colorado banking offices 1 57 
 
 Additional information with respect to premises and equipment is presented in Note 6. Premises and Equipment and Note 22. Leases to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

I TEM 3. L EGAL P ROCEEDINGS . 
 We and our subsidiaries are from time to time parties to various legal actions arising in the normal course of business. We believe that there is no threatened or pending proceeding, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Company s business, against us or our subsidiaries or of which our property is the subject, which, if determined adversely, would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated business or financial condition. 

I TEM 4. M INE S AFETY D ISCLOSURES . 
 Not applicable. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

I TEM 5. M ARKET FOR R EGISTRANT S C OMMON E QUITY , R ELATED S TOCKHOLDER M ATTERS AND I SSUER P URCHASES OF E QUITY S ECURITIES . 
 Marketplace Designation and Holders 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol MOFG. As of March 1, 2023, there were 15,675,325 shares of common stock outstanding held by approximately 423 holders of record. Additionally, there are an estimated 4,393 beneficial holders whose stock was held in street name by brokerage houses and other nominees as of that date. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table sets forth information about the Company s purchases of its common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (2) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program October 1 - 31, 2022 3,042,363 November 1 - 30, 2022 207 35.14 3,042,363 December 1 - 31, 2022 3,042,363 Total 207 35.14 3,042,363 
 
 (1) The Company repurchased no common shares during the three months ended December 31, 2022, while 207 shares were surrendered by employees of the Company to pay withholding taxes on vesting of restricted stock unit awards. 
 
 (2) On June 22, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a share repurchase program, allowing for the repurchase of up to 15.0 million of the Company's common stock through December 31, 2023. This new repurchase program replaced the Company s prior repurchase program, which was due to expire on December 31, 2021. Since June 23, 2021 and through December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 403,368 shares of common stock for approximately 12.0 million, leaving 3.0 million available to be repurchased. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The following table compares MidWest One s performance, as measured by the change in price of its common stock plus reinvested dividends, with the Nasdaq Composite Index and the S P U.S. BMI Banks - Midwest Region Index for the five years ended December 31, 2022. 
 MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 At Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 
 100.00 75.88 113.69 79.93 108.81 109.99 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 S P U.S. BMI Banks - Midwest Region Index 100.00 85.39 111.10 95.52 126.19 108.91 
 The companies in the custom peer group - S P U.S. BMI Banks - Midwest Region Index - represents all banks, thrifts or financial service companies traded on a major exchange, headquartered in Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota and Wisconsin. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 I TEM 6. S ELECTED F INANCIAL D ATA . 
 Not applicable. 
 
 I TEM 7. M ANAGEMENT S D ISCUSSION AND A NALYSIS OF F INANCIAL C ONDITION AND R ESULTS OF O PERATIONS . 
 This section should be read in conjunction with the following parts of this Form 10-K: Part I, Item 1 Business. , Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, and Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, For a discussion on the comparison of results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, refer to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation in the Company s Annual Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are headquartered in Iowa City, Iowa, and are a bank holding company under the BHCA that has elected to be a financial holding company. We are the holding company for MidWest One Bank, an Iowa state non-member bank with its main office in Iowa City, Iowa. On June 9, 2022, the Company acquired IOFB, a bank holding company whose wholly-owned banking subsidiaries were FNBM and FNBF, community banks located in Muscatine and Fairfield, Iowa, respectively. 
 
 The Bank operates a total of 57 banking offices, which are located throughout central and eastern Iowa, the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area of Minnesota, southwestern Wisconsin, Naples and Fort Myers, Florida, and Denver, Colorado. The Bank is focused on delivering relationship-based business and personal banking products and services. The Bank provides commercial loans, real estate loans, agricultural loans, credit card loans, and consumer loans. The Bank also provides deposit products including demand and interest checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, and time deposits. Complementary to our loan and deposit products, the Bank also provides products and services including treasury management, Zelle digital payments, online and mobile banking, credit and debit cards, ATMs, and safe deposit boxes. The Bank also has a trust department through which it offers services including the administration of estates, personal trusts, and conservatorships and the management of real property. Finally, the Bank s investment services department offers financial planning, investment advisory, and retail securities brokerage services (the latter of which is provided through an agreement with a third-party registered broker-dealer). 
 
 Our results of operations are significantly affected by our net interest income. Results of operations are also affected by noninterest income and expense, credit loss expense and income tax expense. Significant external factors that impact our results of operations include general economic and competitive conditions, as well as changes in market interest rates, government policies, and actions of regulatory authorities. 
 
 Financial Summary 
 
 The Company reported net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 60.8 million, a decrease of 8.7 million, or 12.4 , compared to 69.5 million of net income for 2021, with diluted earnings per share of 3.87 and 4.37 for the respective annual periods. 
 
 The period as of December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended was also highlighted by the following results: 
 
 Balance Sheet: 
 
 Total assets increased to 6.58 billion at December 31, 2022 from 6.03 billion at December 31, 2021, with the completion of the IOFB acquisition in the second quarter of 2022 contributing largely to this increase. 
 At December 31, 2022 the total amount of held to maturity debt securities was 1.13 billion and the total amount of debt securities available for sale was 1.15 billion. There were no held to maturity debt securities at December 31, 2021, while the total amount of the debt securities available for sale was 2.29 billion. 
 Gross loans held for investment increased 602.6 million, from 3.25 billion at December 31, 2021, to 3.85 billion at December 31, 2022. This increase was primarily driven by the loans acquired in the IOFB acquisition, coupled with organic loan growth and increased revolving line of credit utilization. 
 The allowance for credit losses was 49.2 million, or 1.28 of total loans as of December 31, 2022, compared with 48.7 million, or 1.50 of total loans, at December 31, 2021. 
 Nonperforming assets declined 16.0 million, from 31.9 million at December 31, 2021, to 15.9 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Total deposits increased 354.4 million from 5.11 billion at December 31, 2021, to 5.47 billion at December 31, 2022. This increase was primarily due to the close of the IOFB acquisition during the second quarter of 2022. 
 Short-term borrowings increased to 391.9 million at December 31, 2022 from 181.4 million at December 31, 2021, while long-term debt decreased to 139.2 million at December 31, 2022 from 154.9 million at December 31, 2021. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The Company is well-capitalized with a total risk-based capital ratio of 12.07 at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Income Statement: 
 
 Net interest income increased 10.1 million, from 156.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 166.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, while tax equivalent net interest income (a non-GAAP financial measure - see the "Non-GAAP Presentations" section for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP equivalent) increased 10.4 million, from 160.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 171.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in tax equivalent net interest income was due primarily to an increase of 12.6 million, or 33 , in interest income earned from investment securities, which stemmed from the higher yield and volume of such securities, coupled with an increase of 7.7 million, or 5 , in loan interest income, which reflected higher loan volume from the IOFB acquisition and organic loan growth, coupled with an increase in loan yield. Partially offsetting these increases was an increase in interest expense from interest bearing deposits and borrowed funds of 7.0 million and 2.9 million, respectively, which stemmed from higher funding costs and volumes. 
 Credit loss expense of 4.5 million during 2022 compared with credit loss benefit of 7.3 million in 2021, which was primarily attributable to loan growth. 
 Noninterest income increased 5.1 million, from 42.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 47.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The largest drivers of the increase were other revenue, which included a 3.8 million bargain purchase gain recognized in connection with the IOFB acquisition, and service charges and fees, partially offset by a reduction in loan revenue. 
 Noninterest expense increased 16.2 million, from 116.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 132.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to increases in all noninterest expense categories, except communications and foreclosed assets, net. These increases primarily reflected costs associated with the acquisition of IOFB, including merger-related expenses, coupled with normal annual salary and employee benefit increases, a decline in the benefit received from loan origination costs, elevated legal expenses related to litigation, loan legal expenses and executive recruitment, in addition to an increase in occupancy expense stemming from the write-down of fixed assets transferred to held for sale. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 We have identified the following critical accounting policies and practices relative to the reporting of our results of operations and financial condition. These accounting policies relate to the allowance for credit losses, fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, and the annual impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 Loans Held for Investment 
 
 Under the current expected credit loss model, the allowance for credit losses is a valuation account estimated at each balance sheet date and deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans held for investment to present the net amount expected to be collected. 
 The Company estimates the ACL based on the underlying assets amortized cost basis, which is the amount at which the financing receivable is originated or acquired, adjusted for collection of cash and charge-offs, as well as applicable accretion or amortization of premium, discount, and net deferred fees or costs. In the event that collection of principal becomes uncertain, the Company has policies in place to reverse accrued interest in a timely manner. Therefore, the Company has made a policy election to exclude accrued interest from the measurement of ACL. 
 
 Expected credit losses are reflected in the allowance for credit losses through a charge to credit loss expense. When the Company deems all or a portion of a financial asset to be uncollectible, the appropriate amount is written off and the ACL is reduced by the same amount. The Company applies judgment to determine when a financial asset is deemed uncollectible; however, generally speaking, an asset will be considered uncollectible no later than when all efforts at collection have been exhausted. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ACL when received. 
 
 The Company measures expected credit losses of financial assets on a collective (pool) basis when the financial assets share similar risk characteristics. Depending on the nature of the pool of financial assets with similar risk characteristics, the Company uses a DCF method or a loss-rate method to estimate expected credit losses. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s methodologies for estimating the ACL consider available relevant information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The methodologies apply historical loss information, adjusted for asset-specific characteristics, economic conditions at the measurement date, and forecasts about future economic conditions expected to exist through the contractual lives of the financial assets that are reasonable and supportable, to the identified pools of financial assets with similar risk characteristics for which the historical loss experience was observed. Specifically, the economic forecast used by the Company is sensitive to changes in the following loss drivers: (1) Midwest unemployment, (2) year-to-year change in national retail sales, (3) year-to-year change in the CRE Index, (4) year-to-year change in U.S. GDP, (5) year-to-year change in the National Home Price Index, and (6) Rental Vacancy. General deterioration in these loss drivers, coupled with any changes to our modeling assumptions stemming from overall uncertainties in the current and future economic conditions, also impacts the Company s estimation of the ACL. The Company s economic forecast assumptions revert back to historical loss driver information on a straight-line basis over four quarters. 
 
 Discounted Cash Flow Method 
 
 The Company uses the DCF method to estimate expected credit losses for the agricultural, commercial and industrial, CRE - construction and development, CRE - farmland, CRE - multifamily, CRE - other, RRE - owner-occupied one-to-four family first liens, RRE - non-owner-occupied one-to-four family first liens, RRE - one-to-four family junior liens, and consumer loan pools. For each of these pools, the Company generates cash flow projections at the instrument level wherein payment expectations are adjusted for estimated prepayment speed, curtailments, time to recovery, probability of default, and loss given default. The modeling of expected prepayment speeds, curtailment rates, and time to recovery are based on historical internal data. 
 
 The Company uses regression analysis of historical internal and peer data to determine which variables are best suited to be economic variables utilized when modeling lifetime probability of default and loss given default. This analysis also determines how expected probability of default and loss given default will react to forecasted levels of the economic variables. For the loan pools utilizing the DCF method, management utilizes one or multiple of the following economic variables: Midwest unemployment, national retail sales, CRE index, US rental vacancy rate, US gross domestic product, and national home price index HPI ). 
 
 For all DCF models, management has determined that four quarters represents a reasonable and supportable forecast period and reverts back to a historical loss rate over four quarters on a straight-line basis. Management leverages economic projections from a reputable and independent third party to inform its loss driver forecasts over the four quarter forecast period. Other internal and external indicators of economic forecasts are also considered by management when developing the forecast metrics. 
 
 The combination of adjustments for credit expectations (default and loss) and timing expectations (prepayment, curtailment, and time to recovery) produces an expected cash flow stream at the instrument level. Instrument effective yield is calculated, net of the impacts of prepayment assumptions, and the instrument expected cash flows are then discounted at that effective yield to produce an instrument-level net present value of expected cash flows NPV ). An ACL is established for the difference between the instrument s NPV and amortized cost basis. In addition, management utilizes qualitative factors to adjust the calculated ACL as appropriate. Qualitative factors are based on management's judgment of company, market, industry or business specific data, changes in underlying loan composition of specific portfolios, trends relating to credit quality, delinquency, non-performing and adversely rated loans, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. 
 
 Loss-Rate Method 
 
 The Company uses a loss-rate method to estimate expected credit losses for the credit card and overdraft pools. For each of these pools, the Company applies an expected loss ratio based on internal and peer historical losses, adjusted as appropriate for qualitative factors. Qualitative loss factors are based on management's judgment of company, market, industry or business specific data, changes in underlying loan composition of specific portfolios, trends relating to credit quality, delinquency, non-performing and adversely rated loans, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. 
 
 Collateral Dependent Financial Assets 
 
 Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. For collateral dependent financial assets where the Company has determined that foreclosure of the collateral is probable, or where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the Company expects repayment of the financial asset to be provided substantially through the operation or sale 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 of the collateral, the ACL is measured based on the difference between the fair value of the collateral and the amortized cost basis of the asset as of the measurement date. When repayment is expected to be from the operation of the collateral, expected credit losses are calculated as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the financial asset exceeds the present value of expected cash flows from the operation of the collateral. When repayment is expected to be from the sale of the collateral, expected credit losses are calculated as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the financial asset exceeds the fair value of the underlying collateral less estimated cost to sell. The ACL may be zero if the fair value of the collateral at the measurement date exceeds the amortized cost basis of the financial asset. 
 
 The Company s estimate of the ACL reflects losses expected over the remaining contractual life of the assets. The contractual term does not consider extensions, renewals or modifications unless the Company has identified an expected TDR. 
 
 A loan that has been modified or renewed is considered a TDR when two conditions are met: 1) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and 2) concessions are made for the borrower's benefit that would not otherwise be considered for a borrower or transaction with similar credit risk characteristics. The Company s ACL reflects all effects of a TDR when an individual asset is specifically identified as a reasonably expected TDR. The Company has determined that a TDR is reasonably expected no later than the point when the lender concludes that modification is the best course of action and it is at least reasonably possible that the troubled borrower will accept some form of concession from the lender to avoid a default. Reasonably expected TDRs and executed non-performing TDRs are evaluated individually to determine the required ACL. TDRs performing in accordance with their modified contractual terms for a reasonable period of time may be included in the Company s existing pools based on the underlying risk characteristics of the loan to measure the ACL. 
 
 Accounting for Business Combinations 
 In June 2022, we completed the acquisition of IOFB, which generated significant amounts of fair value adjustments to assets and liabilities, such as: valuation of the acquired PCD and non-PCD loan portfolio, core deposit intangible, fixed-term deposits, and real property. The fair value adjustments assigned to assets and liabilities, as well as their related useful lives, are subject to judgment and estimation by our management. Valuation of intangible assets is generally based on the estimated cash flows related to those assets, while the initial value assigned to goodwill is the residual of the purchase price over the fair value of all identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. When amounts allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed is greater than the purchase price, a bargain purchase gain is recognized. Useful lives are determined based on the expected future period of the benefit of the asset or liability, the assessment of which considers various characteristics of the asset or liability, including the historical cash flows. Due to the number of estimates involved, we have identified accounting for business combinations as a critical accounting policy. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill and intangible assets arise from business combinations. Goodwill represented 62.5 million of our 6.58 billion total assets at December 31, 2022. Under the Intangibles - Goodwill and Other topic of the FASB ASC, goodwill is tested at least annually for impairment. The Company s annual assessment is done at the reporting unit level, which the Company has concluded is at the consolidated level. We review goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth quarter and also test for impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting unit below its carrying amount. Such events and circumstances may include among others: a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the general business climate; significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; unanticipated competition; the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within the reporting unit; and an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. Any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of goodwill and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 No goodwill impairment charge was recorded in 2022 and 2021 as a result of the Company s internal assessment. In 2020, due to the economic impact that COVID-19 had on the Company, management concluded that factors, such as the decline in macroeconomic conditions and a sustained decrease in share price, led to the occurrence of a triggering event and therefore an interim impairment test over goodwill was performed as of September 30, 2020. As a result of the interim assessment, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 31.5 million as its estimated fair value was less than its book value on that date. 
 Other intangible assets represented 30.3 million of our 6.58 billion total assets at December 31, 2022. The accounting for a recognized intangible asset is based on its useful life to the Company. An intangible asset with a finite useful life is amortized over its estimated useful life to the Company; an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but rather is tested at least annually for impairment. The intangible assets with finite lives reflected on our financial statements relate to core deposit relationships, trade name, and customer lists. The initial and subsequent measurements of intangible assets involve the 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include, among other things, the estimated cost to service deposits acquired, discount rates, estimated attrition rates and useful lives, future economic and market conditions, comparison of our market value to book value and determination of appropriate market comparables. Periodically we evaluate the estimated useful lives of intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining periods of amortization. We also assess these intangible assets for impairment annually or more often if conditions indicate a possible impairment. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. See Note 7. Goodwill and Intangible Assets to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our intangible assets. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Summary 
 As of or For the Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net Interest Income 166,358 156,281 152,964 Noninterest Income 47,519 42,453 38,620 Total Revenue, Net of Interest Expense 213,877 198,734 191,584 Credit Loss (Benefit) Expense 4,492 (7,336) 28,369 Noninterest Expense 132,788 116,592 149,893 Income Before Income Tax Expense 76,597 89,478 13,322 Income Tax Expense 15,762 19,992 6,699 Net Income 60,835 69,486 6,623 Diluted Earnings Per Share 3.87 4.37 0.41 Return on Average Assets 0.97 1.20 0.13 Return on Average Equity 12.16 13.18 1.28 Return on Average Tangible Equity (1) 
 15.89 16.63 10.80 Efficiency Ratio (1) 
 56.98 54.65 56.92 Dividend Payout Ratio 24.42 20.55 214.63 Common Equity Ratio 7.49 8.75 9.27 Tangible Common Equity Ratio (1) 
 6.17 7.49 7.82 Book Value per Share 31.54 33.66 32.17 Tangible Book Value per Share (1) 
 25.60 28.40 26.69 
 (1) A non-GAAP financial measure - see the "Non-GAAP Presentations" section for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP equivalent. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income is the difference between interest income and fees earned on interest-earning assets, less interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities. Tax equivalent net interest margin is the net interest income, on a tax equivalent basis, as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. 
 
 Net Interest Income Summary 
 
 The following table shows the consolidated average balance sheets, detailing the major categories of assets and liabilities, the interest income earned on interest-earning assets, the interest expense paid for interest-bearing liabilities, and the related interest yields and costs for the periods indicated. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/Cost ASSETS Loans, including fees (1)(2)(3) 
 3,511,192 150,791 4.29 3,362,488 143,141 4.26 3,551,945 160,752 4.53 Taxable investment securities 1,891,234 39,019 2.06 1,577,146 25,692 1.63 797,954 17,610 2.21 Tax-exempt investment securities (2)(4) 
 435,907 11,788 2.70 463,526 12,468 2.69 342,000 10,395 3.04 Total securities held for investment (2) 
 2,327,141 50,807 2.18 2,040,672 38,160 1.87 1,139,954 28,005 2.46 Other 20,827 77 0.37 52,617 91 0.17 73,255 262 0.36 Total interest earning assets (2) 
 5,859,160 201,675 3.44 5,455,777 181,392 3.32 4,765,154 189,019 3.97 Other assets 385,124 324,779 370,687 Total assets 6,244,284 5,780,556 5,135,841 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Interest checking deposits 1,640,303 5,416 0.33 1,440,585 4,208 0.29 1,108,997 4,435 0.40 Money market deposits 992,390 4,707 0.47 946,784 2,006 0.21 844,137 3,696 0.44 Savings deposits 674,846 1,169 0.17 594,543 1,210 0.20 454,000 1,386 0.31 Time deposits 925,592 8,953 0.97 882,271 5,774 0.65 945,234 14,402 1.52 Total interest bearing deposits 4,233,131 20,245 0.48 3,864,183 13,198 0.34 3,352,368 23,919 0.71 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 152,466 872 0.57 176,606 436 0.25 150,557 774 0.51 Federal funds purchased 237 10 4.22 8 51 1 1.96 Other short-term borrowings 70,492 2,188 3.10 15,143 115 0.76 6,738 139 2.06 Total short-term borrowings 223,195 3,070 1.38 191,757 551 0.29 157,346 914 0.58 Long-term debt 148,863 7,086 4.76 178,395 6,736 3.78 220,448 6,990 3.17 Total borrowed funds 372,058 10,156 2.73 370,152 7,287 1.97 377,794 7,904 2.09 Total interest-bearing liabilities 4,605,189 30,401 0.66 4,234,335 20,485 0.48 3,730,162 31,823 0.85 Noninterest bearing deposits 1,075,918 974,044 832,038 Other liabilities 62,706 45,141 58,186 Shareholders equity 500,471 527,036 515,455 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 6,244,284 5,780,556 5,135,841 Net interest income (2) 
 171,274 160,907 157,196 Net interest spread (2) 
 2.78 2.84 3.12 Net interest margin (2) 
 2.92 2.95 3.30 Total deposits (5) 
 5,309,049 20,245 0.38 4,838,227 13,198 0.27 4,184,406 23,919 0.57 Cost of funds (6) 
 0.54 0.39 0.70 
 (1) Average balance includes nonaccrual loans. (2) Tax equivalent. (3) Interest income includes net loan fees, loan purchase discount accretion and tax equivalent adjustments. Net loan fees were 0.8 million, 11.2 million, and 4.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Loan purchase discount accretion was 4.6 million, 3.3 million, and 9.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Tax equivalent adjustments were 2.5 million, 2.1 million and 2.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The federal statutory tax rate utilized was 21 . 
 (4) Interest income includes tax equivalent adjustments of 2.4 million, 2.5 million and 2.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. The federal statutory tax rate utilized was 21 . 
 (5) Total deposits is the sum of total interest-bearing deposits and noninterest bearing deposits. The cost of total deposits is calculated as interest expense on deposits divided by average total deposits. (6) Cost of funds is calculated as total interest expense divided by the sum of average total deposits and borrowed funds. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income is impacted by changes in volume, interest rate, and the mix of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The following table shows changes attributable to (i) changes in volume and (ii) changes in rate. Changes attributable to both rate and volume have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Year 2022 to 2021 Change due to 
 Year 2021 to 2020 Change due to 
 (dollars in thousands) Volume Yield/Cost Net Volume Yield/Cost Net Increase (decrease) in interest income Loans, including fees (1) 
 6,377 1,273 7,650 (8,333) (9,278) (17,611) Taxable investment securities 5,700 7,627 13,327 13,645 (5,563) 8,082 Tax-exempt investment securities (1) 
 (747) 67 (680) 3,373 (1,300) 2,073 Total securities held for investment (1) 
 4,953 7,694 12,647 17,018 (6,863) 10,155 Other (77) 63 (14) (61) (110) (171) Change in interest income (1) 
 11,253 9,030 20,283 8,624 (16,251) (7,627) Increase (decrease) in interest expense Interest checking deposits 620 588 1,208 1,138 (1,365) (227) Money market deposits 102 2,599 2,701 412 (2,102) (1,690) Savings deposits 150 (191) (41) 383 (559) (176) Time deposits 297 2,882 3,179 (902) (7,726) (8,628) Total interest bearing deposits 1,169 5,878 7,047 1,031 (11,752) (10,721) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (67) 503 436 116 (454) (338) Federal funds purchased 10 10 (1) (1) Other short-term borrowings 1,125 948 2,073 101 (125) (24) Total short-term borrowings 1,058 1,461 2,519 217 (580) (363) Long-term debt (1,229) 1,579 350 (1,460) 1,206 (254) Total borrowed funds (171) 3,040 2,869 (1,243) 626 (617) Change in interest expense 998 8,918 9,916 (212) (11,126) (11,338) Change in net interest income (1) 
 10,255 112 10,367 8,836 (5,125) 3,711 Percentage increase (decrease) in net interest income over prior period 6.4 2.4 (1) Tax equivalent 
 
 When compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, our tax equivalent net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 171.3 million from 160.9 million, due primarily to an increase of 20.3 million, or 11 , in interest income, which was partially offset by an increase of 9.9 million, or 48 , in interest expense. The change in interest income reflected an increase of 12.6 million, or 33 , in interest income earned from investment securities, which stemmed from the higher yield and volume of such securities, coupled with an increase of 7.7 million, or 5 , in loan interest income, which reflected higher loan volume from the IOFB acquisition and organic loan growth, coupled with an increase in loan yield. The change in interest expense reflected increases in interest paid on interest bearing deposits and borrowed funds of 7.0 million and 2.9 million, respectively, due to higher costs and volumes. 
 
 Tax equivalent net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 declined to 2.92 , from 2.95 for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by higher funding costs, partially offset by higher interest earning asset yields. The cost of interest bearing liabilities increased 18 basis points to 0.66 , due to interest bearing deposit costs of 0.48 , short-term borrowing costs of 1.38 , and long-term debt costs of 4.76 , which increased 14 basis points, 109 basis points and 98 basis points, respectively from the prior year end. Total interest earning assets yield increased 12 basis points primarily as a result of an increase in securities and loan yields of 31 basis points and 3 basis points, respectively. PPP loan fee accretion and interest increased 2021 loan yields by 17 basis points compared to 2 basis points in 2022. 
 Credit Loss (Benefit) Expense 
 Credit loss expense of 4.5 million was recorded in 2022, as compared to a credit loss benefit of 7.3 million in 2021, an increase of 11.8 million, or 161.2 and was primarily attributable to loan growth stemming from the acquisition of IOFB, coupled with growth in the organic loan portfolio. Net loan charge-offs were 6.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net loan recoveries of 0.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The economic forecasts utilized by the Company for its loan credit loss estimation process are: (1) Midwest unemployment, (2) year-to-year change in national retail sales, (3) year-to-year change in the CRE Index, (4) year-to-year change in U.S. GDP, (5) year-to-year change in the National Home Price Index, and (6) Rental Vacancy. In addition, management utilized qualitative factors to adjust the calculated ACL as 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 appropriate. Qualitative factors are based on management s judgment of company, market, industry or business specific data, changes in underlying loan composition of specific portfolios, trends relating to credit quality, delinquency, non-performing and adversely rated loans, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. 
 Noninterest Income 
 The following table sets forth the various categories of noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change 2021 2020 Change Change Investment services and trust activities 11,223 11,675 (452) (3.9) 11,675 9,632 2,043 21.2 Service charges and fees 7,477 6,259 1,218 19.5 6,259 6,178 81 1.3 Card revenue 7,210 7,015 195 2.8 7,015 5,719 1,296 22.7 Loan revenue 10,504 12,948 (2,444) (18.9) 12,948 10,185 2,763 27.1 Bank-owned life insurance 2,305 2,162 143 6.6 2,162 2,226 (64) (2.9) Investment securities gains, net 271 242 29 12.0 242 184 58 31.5 Other 8,529 2,152 6,377 296.3 2,152 4,496 (2,344) (52.1) Total noninterest income 47,519 42,453 5,066 11.9 42,453 38,620 3,833 9.9 
 
 Noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 5.1 million, or 11.9 , from 42.5 million during the same period of 2021. The increase was primarily due to increases of 6.4 million and 1.2 million in other revenue and service charges and fees, respectively. The increase in other noninterest income was primarily due to a one-time settlement and a 3.8 million bargain purchase gain recognized in connection with the IOFB acquisition. The increase in service charges and fees was primarily attributable to the additional operations of IOFB since acquisition. The largest offset to the increases above was a 2.4 million reduction in loan revenue, which reflected a decline in the gain on sale of residential mortgage loans as a result of lower mortgage origination volumes, partially offset by an increase in the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 The following table sets forth the various categories of noninterest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change 2021 2020 Change Change Compensation and employee benefits 78,103 69,937 8,166 11.7 69,937 66,397 3,540 5.3 Occupancy expense of premises, net 10,272 9,274 998 10.8 9,274 9,348 (74) (0.8) Equipment 8,693 7,816 877 11.2 7,816 7,865 (49) (0.6) Legal and professional 8,646 5,256 3,390 64.5 5,256 6,153 (897) (14.6) Data processing 5,574 5,216 358 6.9 5,216 5,362 (146) (2.7) Marketing 4,272 4,022 250 6.2 4,022 3,815 207 5.4 Amortization of intangibles 6,069 5,357 712 13.3 5,357 6,976 (1,619) (23.2) FDIC insurance 1,660 1,572 88 5.6 1,572 1,858 (286) (15.4) Communications 1,125 1,332 (207) (15.5) 1,332 1,746 (414) (23.7) Foreclosed assets, net (18) 233 (251) (107.7) 233 150 83 55.3 Other 8,392 6,577 1,815 27.6 6,577 8,723 (2,146) (24.6) Goodwill impairment 31,500 (31,500) N/A Total noninterest expense 132,788 116,592 16,196 13.9 116,592 149,893 (33,301) (22.2) 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 For the Year Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Merger-related expenses: Compensation and employee benefits 471 Occupancy expense of premises, net 1 7 Equipment 29 18 Legal and professional 948 202 Data processing 511 44 Marketing 164 2 Communications 3 Other 74 2 10 Total impact of merger-related expenses to noninterest expense 2,201 224 61 
 Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 16.2 million, or 13.9 , from 116.6 million during the same period of 2021. The increase in noninterest expense was due to an increase in all noninterest expense categories, except communications and foreclosed assets, net. These increases primarily reflected costs associated with the acquired operations of IOFB, including merger-related expenses of 2.2 million. Also contributing to the increase in compensation and employee benefits was normal annual salary and employee benefit increases, coupled with a decline of 1.6 million in the benefit from loan origination costs, which are deferred and amortized over the life of the loan to which they relate. This benefit was elevated in the prior year due to costs associated with PPP loan originations. In addition to the identified increases above, occupancy expense also reflected an increase of 0.6 million from the write-down of fixed assets transferred to held for sale, while legal and professional expense reflected elevated legal expenses related to litigation, loan legal expenses, and executive recruitment. 
 Full-time equivalent employee levels were 784, 731, and 757 at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Our effective tax rate, or income taxes divided by income before taxes, was 20.6 for 2022 compared with 22.3 for 2021. The decline in income tax expense is reflective of the decrease in taxable income, partially offset by the change in tax law in the state of Iowa, which resulted in a one-time income tax expense of 0.8 million stemming from the re-measurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. The effective tax rate in 2022 was also impacted by the bargain purchase gain recognized from the IOFB acquisition. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Condition 
 Following is a table that represents the major categories of the Company s balance sheet as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Assets Cash and cash equivalents 86,435 203,830 (117,395) (57.6) Loans held for sale 612 12,917 (12,305) (95.3) Debt securities available for sale 1,153,547 2,288,110 (1,134,563) (49.6) Held to maturity securities at amortized cost 1,129,421 1,129,421 nm (1) 
 Loans held for investment, net of unearned income 3,840,524 3,245,012 595,512 18.4 Allowance for credit losses (49,200) (48,700) (500) 1.0 Total loans held for investment, net 3,791,324 3,196,312 595,012 19.4 Other assets 416,537 323,959 92,578 28.6 Total assets 6,577,876 6,025,128 552,748 9.2 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Total deposits 5,468,942 5,114,519 354,423 6.9 Total borrowings 531,083 336,247 194,836 57.9 Other liabilities 85,058 46,887 38,171 81.4 Total shareholders equity 492,793 527,475 (34,682) (6.6) Total liabilities and shareholders equity 6,577,876 6,025,128 552,748 9.2 (1) Percentage change is not meaningful. 

Debt Securities 
 The composition of debt securities available for sale and held to maturity was as follows: 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Available for Sale Balance of Total Balance of Total U.S. Government agencies and corporations 7,345 0.6 266 States and political subdivisions 285,356 24.7 765,742 33.5 Mortgage-backed securities 5,944 0.5 100,626 4.4 Collateralized mortgage obligations 147,193 12.8 768,899 33.6 Corporate debt securities 707,709 61.4 652,577 28.5 Fair value of debt securities available for sale 1,153,547 100.0 2,288,110 100.0 Held to Maturity States and political subdivisions 538,746 47.7 Mortgage-backed securities 81,032 7.2 Collateralized mortgage obligations 509,643 45.1 Amortized cost of debt securities held to maturity 1,129,421 100.0 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The maturities, fair values and weighted average yields of held to maturity debt securities as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Maturity After One but After Five but Within One Year Within Five Years Within Ten Years After Ten Years (dollars in thousands) Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Held to Maturity States and political subdivisions (1)(2) 
 4,350 0.73 95,692 1.62 164,989 1.93 185,366 2.02 Mortgage-backed securities (2) 
 68 0.84 64 1.10 648 1.45 67,401 1.83 Collateralized mortgage obligations (2) 
 1,399 1.27 809 1.39 404,108 1.45 Total held to maturity debt securities 4,418 4.80 97,155 2.48 166,446 3.43 656,875 2.92 (1) Yield is on a tax-equivalent basis, assuming a federal income tax rate of 21 . 
 (2) These securities are presented based upon contractual maturities. 
 
 Our investment securities portfolio is managed to provide a source of both liquidity and earnings. The size of the portfolio varies along with fluctuations in levels of deposits and loans. We consider many factors in determining the composition of our investment portfolio including tax-equivalent yield, credit quality, duration, expected cash flows and prepayment risk, as well as the liquidity position and the interest rate risk profile of the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s mortgage-backed and collateralized mortgage obligations portfolios consisted of securities issued by government-sponsored enterprises GSEs such as the Federal National Mortgage Corporation, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Government National Mortgage Corporation and private entities. GSE issues are predominantly backed by one- to four-family mortgage loans and underwritten to the standards of and guaranteed by the issuer. The receipt of principal, at par, and interest on these securities is guaranteed by the respective GSE, and as such the Company believes exposure for credit-related losses from its mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations is reduced. Further, the Company owns several privately issued collateralized mortgage obligations. These securities are structured with high levels of credit enhancement and carry the highest ratings from the one or more of the major statistical credit rating agencies. The Company s holdings of corporate bonds are primarily comprised of securities that are rated in one of the three highest rating categories by at least one of the major statistical credit rating agencies. In evaluating corporate bonds, the company considers each issuers financial performance, liquidity, capital position and other company fundamentals in evaluating corporate securities. Similarly, the majority of the Company s municipal holdings carry ratings in the top three ratings categories of one of the major statistical credit rating agencies. Relating to the Company s holdings of non-rated municipal bonds, these issuers are predominantly located in the Company s market area in the upper Midwest. In general, the small issue size of the non-rated bond offerings makes the cost obtaining a credit rating prohibitively expensive, which explains the lack of a credit rating. 
 On January 1, 2022, the Company re-classified, at fair value, from available for sale to held to maturity, 1.25 billion of mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, and securities issued by state and political subdivisions. The net unrealized after tax loss of 11.5 million associated with those re-classified securities remained in accumulated other comprehensive loss and will be amortized over the remaining life of the securities. No gains or losses were recognized in earnings at the time of the transfer. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 0.2 million of gross unrealized gains and 108.4 million of gross unrealized losses in our debt securities available for sale portfolio for a net unrealized loss of 108.2 million. As of December 31, 2022 there were no gross unrealized gains and there was 204.5 million of gross unrealized losses in our held to maturity debt securities for a net unrealized loss of 204.5 million. 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company undertook a balance sheet repositioning related to its debt securities portfolio. Specifically, the Company executed the sale of approximately 231 million in book value of its AFS debt securities for an estimated pre-tax realized loss of approximately 13.2 million. Sale proceeds of 220 million are being redeployed towards paying off existing wholesale borrowings and purchasing higher yielding AFS debt securities, with spread differentials of approximately 180 basis points and 350 basis points, respectively, higher than the securities that were sold. The Company estimates the loss will be recouped within approximately three years. We expect the impact to our Tier 1 leverage ratio will be neutral. The restructuring is expected to be accretive to earnings, net interest margin, return on assets, and tangible common equity in future periods, while providing greater flexibility in managing balance sheet growth and deposit funding. 
 See Note 3. Debt Securities to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our debt securities portfolio. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Loans 
 The composition of our loan portfolio by type of loan was as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Agricultural 115,320 3.0 103,417 3.2 Commercial and industrial 1,055,162 27.5 902,314 27.8 Commercial real estate 1,980,018 51.6 1,704,541 52.5 Residential real estate 614,428 15.9 466,322 14.4 Consumer 75,596 2.0 68,418 2.1 Loans held for investment, net of unearned income 3,840,524 100.0 3,245,012 100.0 Loans held for sale 612 12,917 
 Loans held for investment, net of unearned income, increased 595.5 million, or 18.4 , from December 31, 2021 to 3.84 billion, driven primarily by loans acquired in the IOFB acquisition, coupled with organic loan growth and increased revolving line of credit utilization, partially offset by PPP loan forgiveness. As of December 31, 2022, the amortized cost of the outstanding PPP loans totaled 0.1 million, compared to 30.8 million at December 31, 2021. See Note 4. Loans Receivable and the Allowance for Credit Losses to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our loan portfolio. 
 Commitments under standby letters of credit, unused lines of credit and other conditionally approved credit lines totaled approximately 1.21 billion and 1.03 billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Our loan to deposit ratio increased to 70.22 as of December 31, 2022 as compared to 63.45 as of December 31, 2021. The loan to deposit ratio increased when compared to the prior year-end due to the loans acquired in the IOFB acquisition, organic loan growth and increased revolving line of credit utilization, which more than offset the increase in total deposits. 
 The following table sets forth remaining maturities and rate types of loans at December 31, 2022: 
 Maturities Within Maturities After One Year One Year Due Within Due In Due In Due After Fixed Variable Fixed Variable (dollars in thousands) 1 Year 1-5 Years 5-15 Years 15 Years Total Rates Rates Rates Rates Agricultural 72,322 31,980 10,259 759 115,320 31,786 40,536 36,367 6,631 Commercial and industrial 156,458 329,787 341,051 227,866 1,055,162 45,031 111,427 591,998 306,706 Commercial real estate: Construction development 68,458 148,679 53,403 451 270,991 35,645 32,813 149,891 52,642 Farmland 11,341 81,877 67,230 23,465 183,913 9,498 1,843 134,390 38,182 Multifamily 7,731 99,947 143,130 1,321 252,129 480 7,251 183,096 61,302 Commercial real estate-other 57,498 639,820 542,838 32,829 1,272,985 47,255 10,243 757,912 457,575 Total commercial real estate 145,028 970,323 806,601 58,066 1,980,018 92,878 52,150 1,225,289 609,701 Residential real estate: One- to four- family first liens 18,941 97,770 100,661 233,838 451,210 14,532 4,409 211,626 220,643 One- to four- family junior liens 3,230 26,622 130,425 2,941 163,218 1,722 1,508 82,927 77,061 Total residential real estate 22,171 124,392 231,086 236,779 614,428 16,254 5,917 294,553 297,704 Consumer 10,151 50,508 14,852 85 75,596 4,983 5,168 64,554 891 Total loans 406,130 1,506,990 1,403,849 523,555 3,840,524 190,932 215,198 2,212,761 1,221,633 
 Of the 1.44 billion of variable rate loans, approximately 827.6 million, or 57.6 , are subject to interest rate floors, with a weighted average floor rate of 3.81 . 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Nonperforming Assets 
 The following table sets forth information concerning nonperforming assets as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Nonaccrual loans held for investment 15,256 31,540 Accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more 565 Total nonperforming loans 15,821 31,540 Foreclosed assets, net 103 357 Total nonperforming assets 15,924 31,897 Nonaccrual loans ratio (1) 
 0.40 0.97 Nonperforming loans ratios (2) 
 0.41 0.97 Nonperforming assets ratio (3) 
 0.24 0.53 (1) Nonaccrual loans ratio is calculated as nonaccrual loans divided by loans held for investment, net of unearned income, at the end of the period. 
 (2 Nonperforming loans ratio is calculated as total nonperforming loans divided by loans held for investment, net of unearned income, at the end of the period. 
 (3) Nonperforming assets ratio is calculated as total nonperforming assets divided by total assets at the end of the period. 
 
 When compared to December 31, 2021, overall asset quality was improved. The nonperforming loans ratio declined 56 basis points from the prior year-end to 0.41 , while the nonperforming assets ratio declined 29 basis points from the prior year-end to 0.24 . 
 Loan Review and Classification Process for Agricultural, Commercial and Industrial, and Commercial Real Estate Loans: 
 The Bank maintains a loan review and classification process which involves multiple officers of the Bank and is designed to assess the general quality of credit underwriting and to promote early identification of potential problem loans. All commercial and agricultural loan officers are charged with the responsibility of risk rating all loans in their portfolios and updating the ratings, positively or negatively, on an ongoing basis as conditions warrant. Risk ratings are selected from an 8-point scale with ratings as follows: ratings 1- 4 Satisfactory (pass), rating 5 Watch (potential weakness), rating 6 Substandard (well-defined weakness), rating 7 Doubtful, and rating 8 Loss. 
 When a loan officer originates a new loan, based upon proper loan authorization, they document the credit file with an offering sheet summary, supplemental underwriting analysis, relevant financial information and collateral evaluations. This information is used in the determination of the initial loan risk rating. The Bank s loan review department undertakes independent credit reviews of relationships based on either criteria established by loan policy, risk-focused sampling, or random sampling. Credit relationships with larger exposure may pose incrementally higher risks. As a result, the Bank's loan review department is required to review all credit relationships with total exposure of 5.0 million or more at least annually. In addition, the individual loan reviews consider such items as: loan type; nature, type and estimated value of collateral; borrower and/or guarantor estimated financial strength; most recently available financial information; related loans and total borrower exposure; and current and anticipated performance of the loan. The results of such reviews are presented to both executive management and the audit committee of the Company's board of directors. 
 Through the review of delinquency reports, updated financial statements or other relevant information, the lending officer and/or loan review personnel may determine that a loan relationship has weakened to the point that a watch (loan grade 5) or classified (loan grades 6 through 8) status is warranted. At least quarterly, the loan strategy committee will meet to discuss loan relationships with total related exposure of 1.0 million or above that are Watch rated credits, loan relationships with total related exposure of 500 thousand and above that are Substandard or worse rated credits, as well as loan relationships with total related exposure of 250 thousand and above that are on non-accrual. Credits below these designated thresholds are reviewed upon request. The lending officer is charged with preparing a loan strategy summary worksheet that outlines the background of the credit problem, current repayment status of the loans, current collateral evaluation and a workout plan of action. This plan may include goals to improve the credit rating, assist the borrower in moving the loans to another institution and/or collateral liquidation. All such reports are presented to the loan strategy committee. Copies of the minutes of these committee meetings are presented to the board of directors of the Bank. 
 Depending upon the individual facts and circumstances and the result of the classified/watch review process, loan officers and/or loan review personnel may categorize a loan relationship as requiring an individual analysis. Once that determination has occurred, the credit analyst will complete an individually analyzed worksheet that contains an evaluation of the collateral (for 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 collateral-dependent loans) based upon the estimated collateral value, adjusting for current market conditions and other local factors that may affect collateral value. Loan review personnel may also complete an independent individual analysis when deemed necessary. These judgmental evaluations may produce an initial specific allowance for placement in the Company s allowance for credit losses calculation. An analysis for the underlying collateral value of each individually analyzed loan relationship is completed in the last month of the quarter. The individually analyzed worksheets are reviewed by the Credit Administration department prior to quarter-end. The board of directors of the Bank on a quarterly basis reviews the classified/watch reports including changes in credit grades of 5 or higher as well as all individually analyzed loans, the related allowances and foreclosed assets, net. 
 
 The review process also provides for the upgrade of loans that show improvement since the last review. All requests for an upgrade of a credit are approved by the proper authority based upon the aggregate credit exposure before the rating can be changed. 
 
 Loan Modifications 
 A TDR is a modification of the terms of a loan when a borrower is troubled (i.e., experiencing financial difficulties) and we grant a concession to the borrower that we would not otherwise consider. Prior to granting a concession we consider the borrower s past loan payment performance, credit history, the individual circumstances surrounding the troubled borrower, and the troubled borrower s plan to meet the terms of the loan in the future. Generally, short-term deferral of required payments is not considered a concession. 
 If a loan whose terms have been modified in a TDR has gone 90 days or more past due or is placed on nonaccrual status, it is included in the 90 days or more past due or nonaccrual totals. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company modified 16 loans that were considered TDRs. See Note 1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies for additional information on factors considered related to concessions and also for details pertaining to loan modifications that were a result of COVID-19 that were not deemed to be TDRs. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The following table sets forth the allowance for credit losses by loan portfolio segments compared to the percentage of loans to total loans by loan portfolio segment for the periods indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Allowance for Credit Losses of Loans in Each Segment to Total Loans Allowance for Credit Losses of Loans in Each Segment to Total Loans Agricultural 923 3.0 667 3.2 Commercial and industrial 22,855 27.5 17,294 27.8 Commercial real estate 20,123 51.5 26,120 52.5 Residential real estate 4,678 16.0 4,010 14.4 Consumer 621 2.0 609 2.1 Total 49,200 100.0 48,700 100.0 Allowance for credit losses ratio (1) 
 1.28 1.50 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans ratio (2) 
 322.50 154.41 (1) Allowance for credit losses ratio is calculated as allowance for credit losses divided by loans held for investment, net of unearned income at the end of the period. 
 (2) Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans ratio is calculated as allowance for credit losses divided by nonaccrual loans at the end of the period. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the net (charge-offs) recoveries by loan portfolio segments for the periods indicated: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands) Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Consumer Total 2022 Charge-offs (326) (2,051) (4,328) (195) (756) (7,656) Recoveries 11 682 160 86 154 1,093 Net (charge-offs) recoveries (315) (1,369) (4,168) (109) (602) (6,563) Net (charge-off) recovery ratio (1) 
 (0.01) (0.04) (0.12) (0.02) (0.19) 2021 Charge-offs (170) (1,015) (602) (107) (438) (2,332) Recoveries 149 1,604 742 88 185 2,768 Net (charge-offs) recoveries (21) 589 140 (19) (253) 436 Net (charge-off) recovery ratio (1) 
 0.02 (0.01) 0.01 (1) Net (charge-off) recovery ratio is calculated as net (charge-offs) recoveries divided by average loans held for investment, net of unearned income and average loans held for sale, during the period. 
 
 Actual Results : Our ACL as of December 31, 2022 was 49.2 million, which was 1.28 of loans held for investment, net of unearned income. This compares with an ACL of 48.7 million as of December 31, 2021, which was 1.50 of loans held for investment, net of unearned income. The ACL at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 does not include a reserve for the PPP loans as they are fully guaranteed by the SBA. The increase in the ACL primarily reflected 3.1 million of credit loss expense related to the acquired IOFB non-PCD loans, in addition to the initial allowance for credit losses of 3.4 million recorded for the IOFB PCD loans acquired, as well as a reserve taken to support loan growth. The liability for off-balance sheet credit exposures totaled 4.8 million, which included 0.2 million of unfunded loan commitments that were established in the IOFB acquisition, as of December 31, 2022 as compared to 4.0 million at December 31, 2021 and is included in 'Other liabilities' on the balance sheet. 
 The Company recorded a credit loss expense related to loans of 3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a credit loss benefit of 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 7.7 million, while there were 1.1 million in recoveries of previously charged-off loans. The ratio of net loan charge offs to average loans for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.19 compared to a net recovery of 0.01 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Economic Forecast : At December 31, 2022, the economic forecast used by the Company showed the following: (1) Midwest unemployment increases over the next four forecasted quarters; (2) Year-to-year change in national retail sales - increases over the next four forecasted quarters; (3) Year-to-year change in CRE Index - increases over the next two forecasted quarters, with a decline in the third and fourth forecasted quarter; (4) Year-to-year change in U.S. GDP - increases over the next four forecasted quarters; (5) Year-to-year change in National Home Price Index increase in the first forecasted quarter, with declines in the second through fourth forecasted quarters; and (6) Rental Vacancy - increases over the next four forecasted quarters. In addition, management utilized qualitative factors to adjust the calculated ACL as appropriate. Qualitative factors are based on management s judgment of company, market, industry or business specific data, changes in underlying loan composition of specific portfolios, trends relating to credit quality, delinquency, non-performing and adversely rated loans, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. 
 Loan Policy : We review all nonaccrual loans greater than 250,000 individually on a quarterly basis to estimate the appropriate allowance due to collateral deficiency. In addition, PCD loans, reasonably expected TDRs and executed non-performing TDRs greater than 250,000 are evaluated individually to determine the required ACL. TDRs performing in accordance with their modified contractual terms for a reasonable period of time may be included in the Company s existing pools based on the underlying risk characteristics of the loan to measure the ACL. We review loans 90 days or more past due that are still accruing interest no less than quarterly to determine if the asset is both well secured and in the process of collection. If not, such loans are placed on non-accrual status. 
 
 Based on the inherent risk in the loan portfolio, management believed that as of December 31, 2022, the ACL was adequate; however, there is no assurance that loan credit losses will not exceed the ACL. In addition, growth in the loan portfolio or 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 general economic deterioration may require the recognition of additional credit loss expense in future periods. See Note 4. Loans Receivable and the Allowance for Credit Losses for additional information related to the allowance for credit losses. 
 Deposits 
 The composition of deposits was as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) Balance of Total Balance of Total Noninterest bearing deposits 1,053,450 19.3 1,005,369 19.6 Interest checking deposits 1,624,278 29.8 1,619,136 31.6 Money market deposits 937,340 17.1 939,523 18.4 Savings deposits 664,169 12.1 628,242 12.3 Total non-maturity deposits 4,279,237 78.3 4,192,270 81.9 Time deposits of 250 and under 559,466 10.2 505,392 9.9 Time deposits of over 250 630,239 11.5 416,857 8.2 Total time deposits 1,189,705 21.7 922,249 18.1 Total deposits 
 5,468,942 100.0 5,114,519 100.0 
 Deposits increased 354.4 million from December 31, 2021, or 6.9 , reflecting growth from the acquisition of IOFB, coupled with an increase of 126.8 million in brokered time deposits. Approximately 88.5 of our total deposits were considered core deposits as of December 31, 2022, compared to 91.8 at December 31, 2021. We consider core deposits to be the total of all deposits other than time deposits greater than 250k and non-reciprocal brokered money market deposits. See Note 10. Deposits to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our deposits and Note 2. Business Combinations for additional information related to the IOFB deposits assumed. 
 The following table shows the composition and average balance of deposits for the indicated years: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average Average Average Average (dollars in thousands) Balance Total Rate Balance Total Rate Noninterest bearing deposits 1,075,918 20.3 N/A 974,044 20.1 N/A Interest checking and money market 2,632,693 49.6 0.38 2,387,369 49.4 0.26 Savings deposits 674,846 12.7 0.17 594,543 12.3 0.20 Time deposits 925,592 17.4 0.97 882,271 18.2 0.65 Total deposits 5,309,049 100.0 0.37 4,838,227 100.0 0.27 
 Time deposits of 250,000 and over, which represents the U.S. time deposits in excess of the FDIC insurance limit and time deposits that are otherwise uninsured, had the following maturities: 
 (in thousands) As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Three months or less 215,848 137,570 Over three through six months 202,422 100,379 Over six months through one year 133,142 106,615 Over one year 78,827 72,293 Total 630,239 416,857 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt 
 The following table sets forth the composition of short-term borrowings and long-term debt for the periods presented. 
 Year Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 156,373 181,368 Federal home loan bank advances 235,500 Total short-term borrowings 391,873 181,368 Junior subordinated notes issued to capital trusts 42,116 41,940 Subordinated debentures 64,006 63,875 Finance lease payable 787 951 Federal home loan bank borrowings 17,301 48,113 Other long-term debt 15,000 Total long-term debt 139,210 154,879 
 See Note 11. Short-Term Borrowings and Note 12. Long-Term Debt to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to short-term borrowings and long-term debt. 
 Off-Balance-Sheet Transactions 
 During the normal course of business, we are a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in order to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, commitments to sell loans, and standby letters of credit. We follow the same credit policy (including requiring collateral, if deemed appropriate) to make such commitments as is followed for those loans that are recorded in our financial statements. 
 Our exposure to credit losses in the event of nonperformance is represented by the contractual amount of the commitments. Management does not expect any significant losses as a result of these commitments, and also expects to have sufficient liquidity available to cover these off-balance-sheet instruments. Off-balance-sheet transactions are more fully discussed in Note 18. Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Bank s commitments by expiration period, as of December 31, 2022: 
 Less than 1 to 3 3 to 5 More than (in thousands) Total 1 year years years 5 years Commitments to extend credit 1,190,607 321,520 308,975 219,739 340,373 Commitments to sell loans 612 612 Standby letters of credit 18,398 8,341 519 9,538 Total 1,209,617 322,132 317,316 220,258 349,911 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Resources 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We are a party to many contractual financial obligations, including repayments of deposits and borrowings and payments for noncancellable operating lease and finance lease obligations. The table below summarizes certain future financial obligations of the Company due by period, as of December 31, 2022: 
 Contractual Obligations Less than 1 to 3 3 to 5 More than (dollars in thousands) Total 1 year years years 5 years Time certificates of deposit 1,189,705 923,837 225,383 33,855 6,630 Federal funds purchased, repurchase agreements, and FHLB overnight advances 
 391,873 391,873 FHLB borrowings 17,301 11,039 6,262 Junior subordinated notes issued to capital trusts 42,116 42,116 Subordinated debentures 64,006 64,006 Other long-term debt 15,000 5,000 10,000 Noncancellable operating leases and finance lease obligations 5,351 1,354 1,687 612 1,698 Total 1,725,352 1,333,103 243,332 34,467 114,450 
 Shareholders Equity Capital Adequacy 
 The following table summarizes certain capital ratios and per share amounts of the Company for the periods presented: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total shareholders equity to total assets ratio 7.49 8.75 Tangible common equity ratio (1) 
 6.17 7.49 Total risk-based capital ratio 12.07 13.09 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 10.05 10.83 Common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 9.28 9.94 Tier 1 leverage ratio 8.35 8.67 Book value per share 31.54 33.66 Tangible book value per share (1) 
 25.60 28.40 (1) A non-GAAP financial measure - see the Non-GAAP Presentations section for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP equivalent. 
 
 Shareholders Equity: Total shareholders equity was 492.8 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 527.5 million as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 34.7 million, or 6.58 , primarily due to a decrease in AOCI, which was partially offset by an increase in retained earnings. 
 Capital Adequacy: The Federal Reserve uses capital adequacy guidelines in its examination and regulation of bank holding companies and their subsidiary banks. Risk-based capital ratios are established by allocating assets and certain off-balance-sheet commitments into four risk-weighted categories. These balances are then multiplied by the factor appropriate for that risk-weighted category. Pursuant to the Basel III Rules, the Company and the Bank, respectively, are subject to regulatory capital adequacy requirements promulgated by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. Failure by the Company or the Bank to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and discretionary actions by our regulators that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. Under the capital requirements and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Company s and the Bank s assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company s and the Bank s capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total risk-based capital, Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) and Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined in the regulations), and a leverage ratio consisting of Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to average assets (as defined in the regulations). As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank exceeded federal regulatory minimum capital requirements to be classified as well-capitalized (including the capital conservation buffer). See Note 17. Regulatory Capital Requirements and Restrictions on Subsidiary Cash to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our regulatory capital ratios. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 In order to be a well-capitalized depository institution, the Company and the Bank must maintain a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 or more; a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8 or more; a total capital ratio of 10 or more; and a leverage ratio of 5 or more. A capital conservation buffer, comprised of 2.5 of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, is also established above the regulatory minimum capital requirements. 
 Stock Compensation 
 On April 20, 2017, the Company s shareholders approved the MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ). The 2017 Plan is the successor to the MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2008 Plan ), which expired on November 20, 2017. 
 Restricted stock units were granted to certain officers and directors of the Company on February 15, 2022, May 15, 2022, August 15, 2022, and November 15, 2022, in the amounts of 67,608, 9,615, 4,509, and 7,114, respectively. Additionally, during the year ended 2022, 53,072 whole restricted stock units were vested in connection with the vesting of previously awarded grants of restricted stock units, of which 8,841 shares were surrendered by grantees to satisfy tax requirements, and 1,870 unvested restricted stock units were forfeited. Additionally, officers and directors received cash in lieu of 92 fractional restricted stock units vested during 2022. 
 See Note 15. Stock Compensation Plans to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our stock compensation program. 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity Management 
 Liquidity management involves meeting the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers. We conduct liquidity management on both a daily and long-term basis, and adjust our investments in liquid assets based on expected loan demand, projected loan maturities and payments, expected deposit flows, yields available on interest-bearing deposits, and the objectives of our asset/liability management program. Excess liquidity is invested generally in short-term U.S. government and agency securities, short- and medium-term state and political subdivision securities, and other investment securities. Our most liquid assets are cash and due from banks, interest-bearing bank deposits, and federal funds sold. The balances of these assets are dependent on our operating, investing, and financing activities during any given period. 
 Cash and cash equivalents are summarized in the table below: 
 Year Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Cash and due from banks 83,990 42,949 Interest-bearing deposits 2,445 160,881 Total 86,435 203,830 
 Generally, our principal sources of funds are deposits, advances from the FHLB, principal repayments on loans, proceeds from the sale of loans, proceeds from the maturity and sale of investment securities, our federal funds lines, and funds provided by operations. While scheduled loan amortization and maturing interest-bearing deposits are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by economic conditions, the general level of interest rates, and competition. We utilized particular sources of funds based on comparative costs and availability. The Bank maintains unsecured lines of credit with several correspondent banks and secured lines with the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and the FHLB that would allow us to borrow funds on a short-term basis, if necessary. We also hold debt securities classified as available for sale that could be sold to meet liquidity needs if necessary. 
 Net cash provided by operations was another major source of liquidity. The net cash provided by operating activities was 90.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 111.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding commitments to extend credit to borrowers of 1.19 billion, standby letters of credit of 18.4 million, and commitments to sell loans of 0.6 million. Certificates of deposit maturing in one year or less totaled 923.8 million as of December 31, 2022. We believe that a significant portion of these deposits will remain with us upon maturity. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Inflation 
 The effects of price changes and inflation can vary substantially for most financial institutions. While management believes that inflation affects the growth of total assets, it is difficult to assess its overall impact on the Company. The price of one or more of the components of the Consumer Price Index may fluctuate considerably and thereby influence the overall Consumer Price Index without having a corresponding effect on interest rates or upon the cost of those goods and services normally purchased by us. Inflation and related increases in market rates by the Federal Reserve generally decrease the market value of investments and loans held and may adversely affect liquidity, earnings and shareholders' equity. Ongoing higher inflation levels and higher interest rates could have a negative impact on both our consumer and commercial borrowers. We anticipate our noninterest income may be adversely affected in future periods as a result of increasing interest rates and inflationary pressure, which has begun to and will continue to adversely affect mortgage originations and mortgage banking revenue. Additionally, the economic impact of the recent rise in inflation and rising interest rates could place increased demand on our liquidity if we experience significant credit deterioration and as we meet borrowers' needs. There is also a risk that interest rate increases to fight inflation could lead to a recession. 

Non-GAAP Presentations 
 
 Certain ratios and amounts not in conformity with GAAP are provided to evaluate and measure the Company s operating performance and financial condition, including return on average tangible equity, tangible common equity, tangible book value per share, tangible common equity ratio, net interest margin (tax equivalent), core net interest margin, and the efficiency ratio. Management believes these ratios and amounts provide investors with useful information regarding the Company s profitability, financial condition and capital adequacy, consistent with how management evaluates the Company s financial performance. The following tables provide a reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to the most comparable GAAP equivalent. 
 Return on Average Tangible Equity For the Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income 60,835 69,486 6,623 Intangible amortization, net of tax (1) 
 4,552 4,018 5,232 Goodwill impairment 31,500 Tangible net income 65,387 73,504 43,355 Average shareholders equity 500,471 527,036 515,455 Average intangible assets, net (88,917) (84,927) (113,978) Average tangible equity 411,554 442,109 401,477 Return on average equity 12.16 13.18 1.28 Return on average tangible equity (2) 
 15.89 16.63 10.80 (1) Computed on a tax-equivalent basis, assuming an income tax rate of 25 . (2) Tangible net income divided by average tangible equity 
 
 Tangible Common Equity / Tangible Book Value Per Share/ Tangible Common Equity Ratio As of December 31, (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Total shareholders equity 492,793 527,475 515,250 Intangible assets, net (92,792) (82,362) (87,719) Tangible common equity 400,001 445,113 427,531 Total assets 6,577,876 6,025,128 5,556,648 Intangible assets, net (92,792) (82,362) (87,719) Tangible assets 6,485,084 5,942,766 5,468,929 Book value per share 31.54 33.66 32.17 Tangible book value per share (1) 
 25.60 28.40 26.69 Shares outstanding 15,623,977 15,671,147 16,016,780 Common equity ratio 7.49 8.75 9.27 Tangible common equity ratio (2) 
 6.17 7.49 7.82 (1) Tangible common equity divided by shares outstanding. (2) Tangible common equity divided by tangible assets. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Net Interest Margin, Tax Equivalent / Core Net Interest Margin For the Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income 166,358 156,281 152,964 Tax equivalent adjustments: Loans (1) 
 2,507 2,105 2,096 Securities (1) 
 2,409 2,521 2,136 Net interest income, tax equivalent 171,274 160,907 157,196 Loan purchase discount accretion (4,561) (3,344) (9,098) Core net interest income 166,713 157,563 148,098 Net interest margin 2.84 2.86 3.21 Net interest margin, tax equivalent (2) 
 2.92 2.95 3.30 Core net interest margin (3) 
 2.85 2.89 3.11 Average interest earning assets 5,859,160 5,455,777 4,765,154 (1) The federal statutory tax rate utilized was 21 . (2) Tax equivalent net interest income divided by average interest earning assets. (3) Core net interest income divided by average interest earning assets. 
 
 Efficiency Ratio For the Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Total noninterest expense 132,788 116,592 149,893 Amortization of intangibles (6,069) (5,357) (6,976) Merger-related expenses (2,201) (224) (61) Goodwill impairment (31,500) Noninterest expense used for efficiency ratio 124,518 111,011 111,356 Net interest income, tax equivalent (1) 
 171,274 160,907 157,196 Plus: Noninterest income 47,519 42,453 38,620 Less: Investment securities gains, net 271 242 184 Net revenues used for efficiency ratio 218,522 203,118 195,632 Efficiency ratio (2) 
 56.98 54.65 56.92 (1) Computed on a tax-equivalent basis, assuming a federal income tax rate of 21 . (2) Noninterest expense adjusted for amortization of intangibles, merger-related expenses, and goodwill impairment divided by the sum of tax equivalent net interest income, noninterest income and net investment securities gains. 

I TEM 7A. Q UANTITATIVE AND Q UALITATIVE D ISCLOSURES A BOUT M ARKET R ISK . 
 In general, market risk is the risk of change in asset values due to movements in underlying market rates and prices. Interest rate risk is the risk to earnings and capital arising from movements in interest rates. Interest rate risk is the most significant market risk affecting us as other types of market risk, such as foreign currency exchange rate risk and commodity price risk, do not arise in the normal course of our business activities. 
 In addition to interest rate risk, economic conditions in recent years have made liquidity risk (namely, funding liquidity risk) a more prevalent concern among financial institutions. In general, liquidity risk is the risk of being unable to fund an entity s obligations to creditors (including, in the case of banks, obligations to depositors) as such obligations become due and/or fund its acquisition of assets. 

Liquidity Risk 
 Liquidity refers to our ability to fund operations, to meet depositor withdrawals, to provide for our customers credit needs, and to meet maturing obligations and existing commitments. Our liquidity principally depends on cash flows from operating activities, investment in and maturity of assets, changes in balances of deposits and borrowings, and our ability to borrow funds. 
 Net cash inflows from operating activities were 90.3 million during 2022, compared with 111.6 million in 2021 and 9.2 million in 2020. Net cash outflows from investing activities were 273.3 million during 2022, compared with net cash outflows of 428.3 million in 2021 and net cash outflows of 867.4 million in 2020. Net cash inflows from financing activities were 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 65.5 million during 2022, compared with net cash inflows of 437.9 million in 2021, and net cash inflows of 867.5 million in 2020. 
 To manage liquidity risk, the Bank has several sources of liquidity in place to maximize funding availability and increase the diversification of funding sources. The criteria for evaluating the use of these sources include volume concentration (percentage of liabilities), cost, volatility, and the fit with the current asset/liability management plan. These acceptable sources of liquidity include: 
 
 Federal Funds Lines 
 Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 
 Brokered Deposits 
 Brokered Repurchase Agreements 
 
 Federal Funds Lines: Routine liquidity requirements are met by fluctuations in the federal funds position of the Bank. The principal function of these funds is to maintain short-term liquidity. Unsecured federal funds purchased lines are viewed as a volatile liability and are not used as a long-term funding solution, especially when used to fund long-term assets. The current federal funds purchased limit is 10 of total assets, or the amount of established federal funds lines, whichever is smaller. Currently, the Bank maintains several unsecured federal funds lines totaling 155.0 million, which are tested annually to ensure availability. 
 Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window: The Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window is another source of liquidity. The Bank has a borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago limited by the amount of municipal securities pledged against the line. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had municipal securities with an approximate market value of 115.2 million pledged for liquidity purposes, and had a borrowing capacity of 105.6 million. There were no outstanding borrowings through the FRB Discount Window at December 31, 2022. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances - FHLB advances provide both a source of liquidity and long-term funding for the Bank. Advances from the FHLBDM are collateralized primarily by one- to four-family residential, commercial and agricultural real estate first mortgages equal to various percentages of the total outstanding notes. The current FHLB borrowing limit established by the FHLBDM is 45 of total assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 235.5 million in outstanding FHLB short-term advances and 17.3 million in outstanding FHLB long-term advances, leaving 405.1 million available for liquidity needs, based on collateral capacity. 
 Brokered Deposits and Reciprocal Deposits: The Bank has brokered time deposit and non-maturity deposit relationships available to diversify its funding sources. Brokered deposits offer several benefits relative to other funding sources, such as: maturity structures which cannot be duplicated in the current retail market, deposit gathering which does not cannibalize the existing deposit base, the unsecured nature of these liabilities, and the ability to quickly generate funds. The Bank s internal policy limits the use of brokered deposits as a funding source to no more than 10 of total assets. Board approval is required to exceed this limit. The Bank will also have to maintain a well capitalized standing to access brokered deposits, as an adequately capitalized rating would require an FDIC waiver to do so, and an undercapitalized rating would prohibit it from using brokered deposits altogether. At December 31, 2022, the Company held 126.8 million of brokered deposits. 
 Under a final rule that was issued by the FDIC in December 2018, financial institutions that are considered "well capitalized" qualify for the exemption of certain reciprocal deposits from being considered brokered deposits. Such exemption is limited to the lesser of 20 percent of total liabilities or 5 billion, with some exceptions for financial institutions that do not meet such criteria. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 4.3 million of reciprocal time deposits and 40.0 million of reciprocal non-maturity deposits that qualified for the brokered deposit exemption. These reciprocal deposits are part of the IntraFi Network Deposits program, which is used by financial institutions to spread deposits that exceed the FDIC insurance coverage limits out to numerous institutions in order to provide insurance coverage for all participating deposits. 
 
 Brokered Repurchase Agreements: Brokered repurchase agreements may be established with approved brokerage firms and banks. Repurchase agreements create rollover risk (the risk that a broker will discontinue the relationship due to market factors) and are not used as a long-term funding solution, especially when used to fund long-term assets. Collateral requirements and availability are evaluated and monitored. The current policy limit for brokered repurchase agreements is 10.0 of total assets. There were no outstanding brokered repurchase agreements at December 31, 2022. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is defined as the exposure of net interest income and fair value of financial instruments (interest-earning assets, deposits and borrowings) to movements in interest rates. The Company s results of operations depend to a large degree on its net interest income and its ability to manage interest rate risk. The Company considers interest rate risk to be a significant market risk. The major sources of the Company s interest rate risk are timing differences in the maturity and re-pricing characteristics of assets and liabilities, changes in the shape of the yield curve, changes in customer behavior and changes in relationships between rate indices (basis risk). Management measures these risks and their impact in various ways, including through the use of income simulation and valuation analyses. Multiple interest rate scenarios are used in this analysis which include changes in interest rates, spread narrowing and widening, yield curve twists and changes in assumptions about customer behavior in various interest rate scenarios. A mismatch between maturities, interest rate sensitivities and prepayment characteristics of assets and liabilities results in interest-rate risk. Like most financial institutions, we have material interest-rate risk exposure to changes in both short-term and long-term interest rates, as well as variable interest rate indices (e.g., the prime rate, LIBOR, or SOFR). 
 The Bank s asset and liability committee meets regularly and is responsible for reviewing its interest rate sensitivity position and establishing policies to monitor and limit exposure to interest rate risk. Our asset and liability committee seeks to manage interest rate risk under a variety of rate environments by structuring our balance sheet and off-balance-sheet positions in such a way that changes in interest rates do not have a large negative impact. The risk is monitored and managed within approved policy limits. 
 
 We use a third-party service to model and measure our exposure to potential interest rate changes. For various assumed hypothetical changes in market interest rates, numerous other assumptions are made, such as prepayment speeds on loans and securities backed by mortgages, the slope of the Treasury yield-curve, the rates and volumes of our deposits, and the rates and volumes of our loans. There are two primary tools used to evaluate interest rate risk: net interest income simulation and economic value of equity ("EVE"). In addition, interest rate gap is reviewed to monitor asset and liability repricing over various time periods. 
 
 Net Interest Income Simulation: Management utilizes net interest income simulation models to estimate the near-term effects of changing interest rates on its net interest income. Net interest income simulation involves projecting net interest income under a variety of scenarios, which include varying the level of interest rates and shifts in the shape of the yield curve. Management exercises its best judgment in making assumptions regarding events that management can influence, such as non-contractual deposit re-pricings, and events outside management s control, such as customer behavior on loan and deposit activity and the effect that competition has on both loan and deposit pricing. These assumptions are subjective and, as a result, net interest income simulation results will differ from actual results due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, changes in market conditions, customer behavior and management strategies, among other factors. We perform various sensitivity analyses on assumptions of deposit attrition and deposit re-pricing. 
 The following table presents the anticipated effect on net interest income over a twelve month period if short- and long-term interest rates were to sustain an immediate decrease of 100 basis points or 200 basis points, or an immediate increase of 100 basis points or 200 basis points (the effects of which are not meaningful as of December 31, 2021 in the low interest rate environment): 
 Immediate Change in Rates (dollars in thousands) -200 -100 +100 +200 December 31, 2022 Dollar change 8,398 5,637 (6,738) (13,921) Percent change 5.2 3.5 (4.2) (8.7) December 31, 2021 Dollar change N/A N/A (996) (2,237) Percent change N/A N/A (0.7) (1.5) 
 As of December 31, 2022, 26.8 of the Company s interest-earning asset balances will reprice or are expected to pay down in the next 12 months, and 49.0 of the Company s deposit balances are low cost or no cost deposits. 
 
 Economic Value of Equity: Management also uses EVE to measure risk in the balance sheet that might not be taken into account in the net interest income simulation analysis. Net interest income simulation highlights exposure over a relatively short time period, while EVE analysis incorporates all cash flows over the estimated remaining life of all balance sheet positions. The valuation of the balance sheet, at a point in time, is defined as the discounted present value of asset cash flows minus the 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 discounted present value of liability cash flows. EVE analysis addresses only the current balance sheet and does not incorporate the run-off replacement assumptions that are used in the net interest income simulation model. As with the net interest income simulation model, EVE analysis is based on key assumptions about the timing and variability of balance sheet cash flows and does not take into account any potential responses by management to anticipated changes in interest rates. 
 Interest Rate Gap: The interest rate gap is the difference between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities re-pricing within a given period and represents the net asset or liability sensitivity at a point in time. An interest rate gap measure could be significantly affected by external factors such as loan prepayments, early withdrawals of deposits, changes in the correlation of various interest-bearing instruments, competition, or a rise or decline in interest rates. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 I TEM 8. F INANCIAL S TATEMENTS AND S UPPLEMENTARY D ATA . 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. and its subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated March 13, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s total loans were 3.9 billion and the associated allowance for credit losses was 49.2 million. As explained in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for credit losses consists of reserves for expected losses over the life of the loans that have been identified by management related to specific borrowing relationships that are collateral dependent financial assets evaluated for impairment (individual basis), as well as expected credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio that are not specifically identified (pool basis). The Company measures expected credit losses of financial assets on a collective (pool) basis when the financial assets share similar risk characteristics. Depending on the nature of the pool of financial assets with similar risk characteristics, the Company uses a discounted cash flow (DCF) method or a loss-rate method to estimate expected credit losses which includes adjustments for forecast periods. In addition, management utilizes qualitative factors to adjust the calculated allowance for credit losses as appropriate. Qualitative factors are based on management s judgement of company, market, industry, or business specific data, changes in underlying loan composition of specific portfolios, trends relating to credit quality, delinquency, non-performing and adversely rated loans, and reasonable and supportable forecast of economic conditions. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 We identified the qualitative factors applied to the allowance for credit losses as a critical audit matter, because auditing this matter required significant auditor judgement due to the highly subjective nature of management s significant inputs and assumptions used in the allowance for credit losses model. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to management s evaluation and establishment of the qualitative factors applied to the allowance for credit losses include the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the qualitative factors applied to the allowance for credit losses and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including controls over management s establishment, review and approval of the qualitative factors and the data used in determining the qualitative factors. 
 We tested the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of the data inputs used by management as a basis for the qualitative factors by agreeing them to internal and external data sources. 
 We tested management s process and evaluated the reasonableness of their inputs and assumptions by evaluating the reasonableness of the qualitative factor adjustments, including the magnitude and directional consistency of the adjustments. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest earning deposits in banks Total cash and cash equivalents Debt securities available for sale at fair value Held to maturity securities at amortized cost Total securities Loans held for sale Gross loans held for investment Unearned income, net ) ) Loans held for investment, net of unearned income Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total loans held for investment, net Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Foreclosed assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Noninterest bearing deposits Interest bearing deposits Total deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) Shareholders' equity Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; authorized shares; issued shares of and ; outstanding shares of and 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock at cost, and shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income Loans, including fees Taxable investment securities Tax-exempt investment securities Other Total interest income Interest expense Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Total interest expense Net interest income Credit loss expense (benefit) ) Net interest income after credit loss expense (benefit) Noninterest income Investment services and trust activities Service charges and fees Card revenue Loan revenue Bank-owned life insurance Investment securities gains, net Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Compensation and employee benefits Occupancy expense of premises, net Equipment Legal and professional Data processing Marketing Amortization of intangibles FDIC insurance Communications Foreclosed assets, net ) Goodwill impairment Other Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Per common share information Earnings - basic Earnings - diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Unrealized (loss) gain from available for sale debt securities: Unrealized net holding (loss) gain on debt securities available for sale arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Unrealized net (loss) gain on available for sale debt securities, net of reclassification adjustments ) ) Reclassification of available for sale debt securities to held to maturity: Amortization of the net unrealized loss from the reclassification of available for sale debt securities to held to maturity Income tax expense ) Amortization of the net unrealized loss from the reclassification of available for sale debt securities to held to maturity Unrealized loss from cash flow hedging instruments: Unrealized net holding loss in cash flow hedging instruments arising during the period ) Reclassification adjustment for net loss in cash flow hedging instruments included in income Income tax benefit Unrealized net loss on cash flow hedge instruments, net of reclassification adjustment Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common Stock (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (1) 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Acquisition fair value finalization (2) 
 Release/lapse of restriction on RSUs shares, net) 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Release/lapse of restriction on RSUs shares, net) 
 ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Release/lapse of restriction on RSUs shares, net) 
 ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) million impact on goodwill, thousand impact on deferred income taxes, with the offsetting impact being to additional paid-in capital. See 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Credit loss expense (benefit) ) Goodwill impairment Depreciation, amortization, and accretion Net change in premises and equipment due to writedown or sale Share-based compensation Net gain on sale or call of debt securities available for sale ) ) ) Net change in foreclosed assets due to writedown or sale ) Net gain on sale of loans held for sale ) ) ) Origination and participations purchased of loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in deferred income taxes, net ) Bargain purchase gain ) Change in: Other assets 
 ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities: Purchases of equity securities ) Proceeds from sales of debt securities available for sale Proceeds from maturities and calls of debt securities available for sale Purchases of debt securities available for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities and calls of debt securities held to maturity Net (increase) decrease in loans held for investment ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of foreclosed assets Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Proceeds of principal and earnings from bank-owned life insurance Net cash acquired in business acquisition Net cash used in provided by investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities: Net (decrease) increase in: Deposits ) Short-term borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt Payments of subordinated debt issuance costs ) ) Redemption of subordinated debentures ) Payments on finance lease liability ) ) ) Payments of Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from other long-term debt Payments of other long-term debt ) ) Taxes paid relating to the release/lapse of restriction on RSUs ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

57 

Table of Contents 

 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for interest 
 Cash paid during the period for income taxes 
 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: Transfer of loans to foreclosed assets 
 Investment securities purchased but not settled Transfer of premises and equipment to assets held for sale 
 Transfer of debt securities available for sale to debt securities held to maturity Transfer due to adoption of ASU 2016-03, reclassified from Retained Earnings to Allowance for Credit Losses Supplemental Schedule of non-cash investing activities from acquisition: Non-cash assets acquired: Investment securities Total loans held for investment, net Premises and equipment 
 Core deposit intangible 
 Bank-owned life insurance 
 Other assets 
 Total non-cash assets acquired Liabilities assumed: 
 Deposits 
 Short-term borrowings 
 FHLB borrowings 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities assumed 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 
 banking offices in central and eastern Iowa, the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area in Minnesota, southwestern Wisconsin, Naples and Fort Myers, Florida, and Denver, Colorado. The Bank is actively engaged in many areas of commercial banking, including: acceptance of demand, savings and time deposits; making commercial, real estate, agricultural and consumer loans, and other banking services tailored for its individual customers. The wealth management area of the Bank administers estates, personal trusts, and conservatorship accounts along with providing other management services to customers. 
 
 On June 9, 2022, the Company acquired Iowa First Bancshares Corp., a bank holding company whose wholly-owned banking subsidiaries were First National Bank of Muscatine and First National Bank in Fairfield, community banks located in Muscatine and Fairfield, Iowa, respectively. Immediately following the completion of the acquisition, First National Bank of Muscatine and First National Bank in Fairfield were merged with and into the Bank. As consideration for the merger, we paid cash in the amount of million. 
 
 Accounting estimates : 

Principles of consolidation : 

Presentation of cash flows : 

Investment securities : 

59 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Loans : 
 
 days past due, and owner occupied residential real estate loan segments at days past due, unless the credit is well secured and in process of collection. Credit card loans and other personal loans are typically charged off no later than days past due. Past due status is based on contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual or charged off at an earlier date, if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. 
 
 All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed on nonaccrual or charged off is reversed against interest income. The interest on these loans is generally accounted for on the cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 
 
 The Company requires a loan to be charged-off, in whole or in part, as soon as it becomes apparent that some loss will be incurred, or when its collectability is sufficiently questionable that it no longer is considered a bankable asset. The primary considerations when determining if and how much of a loan should be charged-off are as follows: (1) the potential for future cash flows; (2) the value of any collateral; and (3) the strength of any co-makers or guarantors. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

61 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Loans held for sale : million. 

62 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 63 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Transfers of financial assets : 
 
 Credit-related financial instruments : 
 
 Derivatives and hedging instruments : 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Premises and equipment : 
 - Straight-line Furniture and equipment - Straight-line 
 Charges for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. When assets are retired or disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and the resulting gain or loss is recorded. 
 
 Leases : 
 
 Foreclosed assets, net : 
 
 Goodwill and other intangibles : 
 
 million as the estimated fair value was less than the book value on that date. This non-cash charge was reflected within "Noninterest expense" in the Consolidated Statements of Income and had no impact on the Company's regulatory capital ratios, cash flows and liquidity position. 
 
 See Note 7. Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional information. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Stock : 
 
 Mortgage servicing rights : 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Bank-owned life insurance : 
 
 Employee benefit plans: 
 
 Stock-based compensation : 
 
 Income taxes : 

Common stock : million of stock was authorized. This plan was due to expire on December 31, 2020. Since the plan was announced in October 2018, the Company repurchased shares of common stock for approximately million. 
 
 million of common stock through December 31, 2021. The new repurchase program replaced the Company s prior repurchase program that was announced in October 2018. Since the plan was announced on August 20, 2019, the Company repurchased shares of common stock for approximately million, leaving million available to be repurchased under that repurchase program as of June 22, 2021, the end of such program. 
 
 million of the Company's common stock through December 31, 2023. The new repurchase program replaced the Company s prior repurchase program, which was due to expire on December 31, 2021. For the period June 23, 2021 through December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common stock for approximately million, leaving million available to be repurchased. 
 
 Comprehensive income : 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ) Less: Tax effect ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss on available for sale debt securities, net of tax ) ) Reclassification of available for sale debt securities to held to maturity Less: Tax effect Amortization of the net unrealized loss from the reclassification of available for sale debt securities to held to maturity, net of tax 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) 

Effect of New Financial Accounting Standards 

67 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 2. 
 
 of the equity of IOFB through a merger and acquired its wholly-owned subsidiaries FNBM and FNBF for cash consideration of million. The primary reasons for the acquisition were to enter the Muscatine, Iowa market and increase our presence in Fairfield, Iowa. Immediately following the completion of the acquisition, First National Bank of Muscatine and First National Bank in Fairfield were merged with and into the Bank. 
 
 The assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The assets and liabilities, both tangible and intangible, were recorded at their fair values as of the June 9, 2022 acquisition date net of any applicable tax effects using a methodology similar to the Company's legacy assets and liabilities (refer to Note 20. Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements for additional information regarding the fair value methodology). The bargain purchase gain, which is recorded in 'Other' noninterest income, was generated as a result of the estimated fair value of identifiable net assets acquired exceeding the merger consideration. Bargain purchase gains are recorded net of deferred taxes and are treated as permanent differences, resulting in a lower effective tax rate in the period recorded. The revenue and earnings amount specific to IOFB since the acquisition date that are included in the consolidated results for the year ended December 31, 2022 are not readily determinable. The disclosures of these amounts are impracticable due to the merging of certain processes and systems at the acquisition date. 
 Identifiable net assets acquired, at fair value Assets acquired Cash and due from banks Interest earning deposits in banks Debt securities Loans held for investment Premises and equipment Core deposit intangible Other assets 
 Total assets acquired 
 Liabilities assumed Deposits 
 ) Other liabilities 
 ) Total liabilities assumed 
 ) Identifiable net assets acquired, at fair value Bargain Purchase Gain 
 Of the million net loans acquired, million exhibited credit deterioration on the date of purchase. 
 PCD ACL at acquisition 
 ) Non-credit discount on PCD loans 
 ) Purchase price of PCD loans 

68 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Net Income EPS - basic EPS - diluted 
 Occupancy expense of premises, net Equipment Legal and professional Data processing Marketing Communications Other Total acquisition-related expenses 

69 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 3. 
 
 billion of mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, and securities issued by state and political subdivisions from the available for sale classification to the held to maturity classification. The net unrealized after tax loss of million associated with those re-classified securities remained in accumulated other comprehensive loss and will be amortized over the remaining life of the securities. At December 31, 2022, there was million of net unrealized after tax loss remaining in accumulated other comprehensive loss. No gains or losses were recognized in earnings at the time of the transfer. 
 
 State and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate debt securities Total available for sale debt securities Held to Maturity State and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Total held to maturity debt securities (1) Amortized cost for the held to maturity securities includes million of unamortized gain in state and political subdivisions, thousand of unamortized losses in mortgage-backed securities and million of unamortized losses in collateralized mortgage obligations related to the re-classification of securities from available for sale to held to maturity on January 1, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Allowance for Credit Loss related to Debt Securities Fair Value (in thousands) U.S. Government agencies and corporations State and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate debt securities Total debt securities 
 
 Investment securities with a fair value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, were pledged against public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and for other purposes, as required or permitted by law. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on available for sale debt securities and held to maturity debt securities is recorded within 'Other Assets,' and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. At December 31, 2022 the accrued interest receivable on available for sale debt securities and held to maturity debt securities totaled million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2021 the accrued interest receivable on available for sale debt securities totaled million. There was accrued interest receivable on held to maturity debt securities at December 31, 2021. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 State and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate debt securities Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, U.S. Government agencies and corporations securities with total unrealized losses of million were held by the Company. Management considered the implied U.S. government guarantee of these agency and corporation securities. In addition, management evaluated securities by considering the yield spread to treasury securities and the most recent financial information available. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the decline in fair value was not attributable to credit losses. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, state and political subdivisions securities with total unrealized losses of million were held by the Company. Management evaluated these securities through a process that included consideration of credit agency ratings and payment history. In addition, management evaluated securities by considering the yield spread to treasury securities and the most recent financial information available. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the decline in fair value was not attributable to credit losses. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations with unrealized losses totaling million were held by the Company. Management evaluated the payment history of these securities. In addition, management considered the implied U.S. government guarantee of these agency securities, the level of credit enhancement, and credit agency ratings for non-agency securities. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the decline in fair value was not attributable to credit losses. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, corporate debt securities with total unrealized losses of million were held by the Company. Management evaluated these securities by considering credit agency ratings and payment history. In addition, management evaluated securities by considering the yield spread to treasury securities and the most recent financial information available. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the decline in fair value was not attributable to credit losses. 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate debt securities Total 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Gross realized gains from sales of debt securities available for sale Gross realized losses from sales of debt securities available for sale ) ) ) Net realized (loss) gain from sales of debt securities available for sale (1) 
 ) (1) The difference in investment security (losses) gains, net reported herein as compared to the Consolidated Statements of Income is associated with the net realized gain from the call or maturity of debt securities of thousand, thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Total 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 4. 
 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate: Construction development Farmland Multifamily Commercial real estate-other Total commercial real estate Residential real estate: One- to four- family first liens One- to four- family junior liens Total residential real estate Consumer Loans held for investment, net of unearned income Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total loans held for investment, net 
 
 Loans with unpaid principal in the amount of billion and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, were pledged to the FHLB as collateral for borrowings. 
 
 Non-accrual and Delinquent Loans 
 Loans are placed on non-accrual when (1) payment in full of principal and interest is no longer expected or (2) principal or interest has been in default for 90 days or more for all loan types, except owner occupied residential real estate loans, which are moved to non-accrual at 120 days or more past due, unless the loan is both well secured with marketable collateral and in the process of collection. All loans rated doubtful or worse, and certain loans rated substandard, are placed on non-accrual. 
 
 A non-accrual loan may be restored to an accrual status when (1) all past due principal and interest has been paid (excluding renewals and modifications that involve the capitalizing of interest) or (2) the loan becomes well secured with marketable collateral and is in the process of collection. An established track record of performance is also considered when determining accrual status. 
 
 Loans are considered past due or delinquent when the contractual principal or interest due in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement or any portion thereof remains unpaid after the due date of the scheduled payment. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate: Construction development Farmland Multifamily Commercial real estate-other Total commercial real estate Residential real estate: One- to four- family first liens One- to four- family junior liens Total residential real estate Consumer Total December 31, 2021 Agricultural Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate: Construction development Farmland Multifamily Commercial real estate-other Total commercial real estate Residential real estate: One- to four- family first liens One- to four- family junior liens Total residential real estate Consumer Total 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Commercial and industrial 
 Commercial real estate: 
 Construction and development 
 Farmland 
 Multifamily 
 Commercial real estate-other 
 Total commercial real estate 
 Residential real estate: 
 One- to four- family first liens 
 One- to four- family junior liens 
 Total residential real estate 
 Consumer 
 Total 

The interest income recognized on loans that were on nonaccrual for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is million and million, respectively. 
 
 Credit Quality Information 
 The Company aggregates loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt, such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, and other factors. The Company analyzes loans individually to classify the loans as to credit risk. This analysis includes non-homogenous loans, such as agricultural, commercial and industrial, commercial real estate and non-owner occupied residential real estate loans. Loans not meeting the criteria described below that are analyzed individually are considered to be pass-rated. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 Special Mention/Watch - A special mention/watch asset has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the Company s credit position at some future date. Special mention/watch assets are not adversely classified and do not expose the Company to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. 
 Substandard - Substandard loans are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 Doubtful - Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
 Loss - Loans classified as loss are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the loan has absolutely no recovery or salvage value but rather it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless asset even though partial recovery may be affected in the future. 
 Homogenous loans, including owner occupied residential real estate and consumer loans, are not individually risk rated. Instead, these loans are categorized based on performance: performing and nonperforming. Nonperforming loans include those loans on nonaccrual and loans greater than 90 days past due and on accrual. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial and industrial 
 Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total CRE - Construction and development 
 Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total CRE - Farmland 
 Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total CRE - Multifamily 
 Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total CRE - Other 
 Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total RRE - One- to four- family first liens 
 Pass/Performing Special mention / watch Substandard/Nonperforming Doubtful Total RRE - One- to four- family junior liens 
 Performing Nonperforming Total Consumer 
 Performing Nonperforming Total Total by Credit Quality Indicator Category Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Performing Nonperforming Total 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial and industrial 
 Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total CRE - Construction and development 
 Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total CRE - Farmland 
 Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total CRE - Multifamily 
 Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total CRE - Other 
 Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Total RRE - One- to four- family first liens 
 Performing Nonperforming Total RRE - One- to four- family junior liens 
 Performing Nonperforming Total Consumer 
 Performing Nonperforming Total Total by Credit Quality Indicator Category Pass Special mention / watch Substandard Doubtful Performing Nonperforming Total 

77 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million recorded for the PCD loans acquired, as well as million related to the acquired non-PCD loans, coupled with the additional reserve taken to support loan growth. Partially offsetting these ACL increases were net loan charge-offs of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase when compared to the net loan recoveries of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 We have made a policy election to report interest receivable as a separate line on the balance sheet. Accrued interest receivable, which is recorded within 'Other Assets' totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 PCD allowance established in acquisition Charge-offs 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries 
 Credit loss expense (1) 
 ) Ending balance 2021 Beginning balance Charge-offs 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries 
 Credit loss (benefit) expense (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance 2020 Beginning balance, prior to the adoption of ASC 326 Day 1 transition adjustment from adoption of ASC 326 ) Charge-offs 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries 
 Credit loss expense (1) 
 Ending balance (1) The difference in the credit loss expense reported herein as compared to the Consolidated Statements of Income is associated with the credit loss expense of million, credit loss benefit of million, and credit loss expense of million related to off-balance sheet credit exposures for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 30, 2020, respectively. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Collectively evaluated for impairment Total Allowance for credit losses Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Agricultural Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Consumer Total Loans held for investment, net of unearned income Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total Allowance for loan losses Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate: Construction and development Farmland Multifamily Commercial real estate-other Residential real estate: One- to four- family first liens One- to four- family junior liens Consumer Total 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate: Construction and development Farmland Multifamily Commercial real estate-other Residential real estate: One- to four- family first liens One- to four- family junior liens Consumer Total 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 TDRs totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had thousand of commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers with loans classified as TDR. 
 
 Farmland One- to four- family first liens CONCESSION - Extended maturity date Agricultural Commercial and industrial Farmland Multifamily Commercial real estate-other One- to four- family first liens CONCESSION - Other Agricultural Farmland Multifamily Commercial real estate-other One- to four- family first liens Total 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 CONCESSION - Extended maturity date Commercial and industrial Farmland Commercial real estate-other One- to four- family first liens CONCESSION - Other Agricultural Farmland Multifamily One- to four- family first liens Total 

Note 5. 
 
 Total Not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps RPAs - protection sold RPAs - protection purchased 
 Interest rate lock commitments Interest rate forward loan sales contracts ) Total 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million to hedge against adverse fluctuations in interest rates by reducing exposure to variability in cash flows relating to interest payments on the Company's variable rate debt. The interest rate swap was designated as a cash flow hedge. The gain or loss on the derivative was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same period(s) during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The Company terminated its cash flow hedge in the fourth quarter of 2020. ) ) The effects of fair value and cash flow hedging: Gain (Loss) on fair value hedging relationships: Interest contracts: 
 Hedged items 
 ) ) Derivative designated as hedging instruments 
 ) Income statement effect of cash flow hedging relationships: Interest contracts: Amount reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Amount of loss reclassified from AOCI into income upon de-designation of cash flow hedge 
 ) 
 ) 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 Interest Rate Swaps - The Company periodically enters into commercial loan interest rate swap agreements in order to provide commercial loan customers with the ability to convert from variable to fixed interest rates. These derivative contracts relate to transactions in which the Company enters into an interest rate swap with a customer, while simultaneously entering into an offsetting interest rate swap with an institutional counterparty. 
 
 Credit Risk Participation Agreements -The Company enters into RPAs to manage the credit exposure on interest rate contracts associated with a syndicated loan. The Company may enter into protection purchased RPAs with institutional counterparties to decrease or increase its exposure to a borrower. Under the RPA, the Company will receive or make payment if a borrower defaults on the related interest rate contract. The notional amount of the RPAs reflects the Company s pro-rata share of the derivative instrument. 
 
 Interest Rate Forward Loan Sales Contracts Interest Rate Lock Commitments - The Company enters into forward delivery contracts to sell residential mortgage loans at specific prices and dates in order to hedge the interest rate risk in its portfolio of mortgage loans held for sale and its residential mortgage interest rate lock commitments. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 RPAs Other income Interest rate lock commitments Loan revenue ) Interest rate forward loan sales contracts Loan revenue ) Total ) 
 Offsetting of Derivatives 
 The Company has entered into agreements with certain counterparty financial institutions, which include master netting agreements. However, the Company has elected to account for all derivatives with counterparty institutions on a gross basis. The Company manages the risk of default by its borrower counterparties through its normal loan underwriting and credit monitoring policies and procedures. 
 
 Liability Derivatives As of December 31, 2021 Asset Derivatives Liability Derivatives 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 The Company has an unsecured federal funds line with its institutional derivative counterparty. The Company has an agreement with its institutional derivative counterparty that contains a provision under which if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. The Company also has an agreement with its derivative counterparty that contains a provision under which the Company could be declared in default on its derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to the Company s default on the indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no derivatives with a fair value in a net liability position with its institutional derivative counterparties. 

83 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 6. 
 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Construction in process Premises and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization Premises and equipment, net 
 
 Premises and equipment depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

Note 7. 
 
 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 As indicated in Note 2. Business Combinations , the Company acquired a core deposit intangible on June 9, 2022 with an estimated fair value of million, which will be amortized over its estimated useful life of years. 
 ) ) Customer relationship intangible ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Indefinite-lived trade name intangible 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 8. 
 
 Interest receivable FHLB stock Mortgage servicing rights Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Federal and state taxes, current Federal and state taxes, deferred Derivative assets Other receivables/assets 

Note 9. 
 
 billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. Servicing loans for others generally consists of collecting mortgage payments, maintaining escrow accounts, disbursing payments to investors and collection and foreclosure processing. Loan servicing income is recorded on the accrual basis and includes servicing fees from investors and certain charges collected from borrowers, such as late payment fees, and is net of fair value adjustments to capitalized mortgage servicing rights. 

Note 10. 
 
 Interest checking deposits Money market deposits Savings deposits Time deposits under 250 Time deposits of 250 or more Total deposits 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 The Company had million and million in reciprocal time deposits as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Included in money market deposits at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively, of reciprocal deposits. These reciprocal deposits are part of the IntraFi Network Deposits program, which is used by financial institutions to spread deposits that exceed the FDIC insurance coverage limits out to numerous institutions in order to provide insurance coverage for all participating deposits. In addition, the Company had million of brokered deposits as of December 31, 2022, with brokered deposits held as of December 31, 2021. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million, respectively. 

Note 11. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances Total 
 
 Securities Sold Under an Agreement to Repurchase: Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are agreements in which the Company acquires funds by selling assets to another party under a simultaneous agreement to repurchase the same assets at a specified price and date. The Company enters into repurchase agreements and also offers a demand deposit account product to customers that sweeps their balances in excess of an agreed upon target amount into overnight repurchase agreements. All securities sold under agreements to repurchase are recorded on the face of the balance sheet. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances: The Bank has a secured line of credit with the FHLBDM. Advances from the FHLBDM are collateralized primarily by one- to four-family residential, commercial and agricultural real estate first mortgages equal to various percentages of the total outstanding notes. See Note 4. Loans Receivable and the Allowance for Credit Losses of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Federal Funds Purchased: The Bank has unsecured federal funds lines totaling million from multiple correspondent banking relationships. There were borrowings from such lines at either December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 Other: At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had Federal Reserve Discount Window borrowings, while the financing capacity was million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Bank had municipal securities with a market value of million and million, respectively, pledged to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago to secure potential borrowings. 
 
 The Company has a credit agreement with a correspondent bank with a revolving commitment of million. The credit agreement was amended on September 30, 2022 such that the revolving commitment matures on September 30, 2023, with no updates made to the fee structure or the interest rates. Fees are paid on the average daily unused revolving commitment in the amount of per annum. Interest is payable at a rate equal to the monthly reset term SOFR rate plus . The Company had balance outstanding under this revolving credit facility as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 12. 
 
 Three-month LIBOR + 
 06/15/2036 06/15/2011 ATBancorp Statutory Trust II Three-month LIBOR + 
 09/15/2037 06/15/2012 Barron Investment Capital Trust I Three-month LIBOR + 
 09/23/2036 09/23/2011 Central Bancshares Capital Trust II Three-month LIBOR + 
 03/15/2038 03/15/2013 MidWestOne Statutory Trust II Three-month LIBOR + 
 12/15/2037 12/15/2012 Total December 31, 2021 ATBancorp Statutory Trust I Three-month LIBOR + 
 06/15/2036 06/15/2011 ATBancorp Statutory Trust II Three-month LIBOR + 
 09/15/2037 06/15/2012 Barron Investment Capital Trust I Three-month LIBOR + 
 09/23/2036 09/23/2011 Central Bancshares Capital Trust II Three-month LIBOR + 
 03/15/2038 03/15/2013 MidWestOne Statutory Trust II Three-month LIBOR + 
 12/15/2037 12/15/2012 Total 
 
 The trust preferred securities are subject to mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, upon repayment of the junior subordinated notes at the stated maturity date or upon redemption of the junior subordinated notes. Each trust s ability to pay amounts due on the trust preferred securities is solely dependent upon the Company making payment on the related junior subordinated notes. The Company s obligation under the junior subordinated notes and other relevant trust agreements, in aggregate, constitutes a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of each trust s obligations under the trust preferred securities issued by each trust. The Company has the right to defer payment of interest on the junior subordinated notes and, therefore, distributions on the trust preferred securities, for up to , but not beyond the stated maturity date in the table above. During any such deferral period the Company may not pay cash dividends on its stock and generally may not repurchase its stock. 
 
 Subordinated Debentures 
 On July 28, 2020, the Company completed the private placement offering of million of its subordinated notes, of which million have been exchanged for subordinated notes registered under the Securities Act of 1933. The fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes are due July 30, 2030. At December 31, 2022, of the subordinated notes qualified as Tier 2 capital. Per applicable Federal Reserve rules and regulations, the amount of the subordinated notes qualifying as Tier 2 regulatory capital will be phased-out by of the amount of the subordinated notes in each of the beginning on the fifth anniversary preceding the maturity date of the subordinated notes. 
 
 Other Long-Term Debt 
 On June 7, 2022, the Company entered into an unsecured note payable with a correspondent bank with a maturity date of June 30, 2027. Payments of principal and interest are payable quarterly. Interest is payable at the monthly reset term SOFR plus . As of December 31, 2022, million of that note was outstanding. 
 
 FHLB borrowings Notes payable to unaffiliated bank Total 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 of the Bank s total assets, provided the Bank is able to pledge an adequate amount of qualified assets to secure the borrowings. Advances from the FHLB are collateralized primarily by one- to four-family residential, commercial and agricultural real estate first mortgages equal to various percentages of the total outstanding notes. See Note 4. Loans Receivable and the Allowance for Credit Losses of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. At December 31, 2022, FHLB long-term borrowings included advances from the FHLBC, which were collateralized by investment securities. See Note 3. Debt Securities of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Due in 2024 Total Valuation adjustment from acquisition accounting Total 

Note 13. 
 
 State tax expense Deferred: Deferred income tax expense ) Total income tax provision 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) based on statutory rate for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 varied from the amount computed by applying the maximum effective federal income tax rate of , to the income before income taxes, because of the following items: 
 Tax-exempt interest ) ) ) ) ) ) Bank-owned life insurance ) ) ) ) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Goodwill impairment Bargain purchase gain ) ) Non-deductible acquisition expenses General business credits ) ) ) ) State tax reduction Other ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Deferred compensation Net operating losses (state and federal) Unrealized losses on investment securities Accrued compensation ROU liabilities Other Gross deferred tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Premises and equipment depreciation and amortization Purchase accounting adjustments Mortgage servicing rights ROU assets Other Gross deferred tax liabilities Net deferred income tax asset Valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset 
 The Company has recorded a deferred tax asset for the future tax benefits of Iowa net operating loss carryforwards. The Iowa net operating loss carryforwards amounting to approximately million will expire in various amounts from 2023 to 2043. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company believed it was more likely than not that all temporary differences associated with the Iowa corporate tax return would not be fully realized. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance to reduce the net operating loss carryforward and the temporary differences associated with the Iowa corporate income tax return. A valuation allowance related to the remaining deferred tax assets has not been provided because management believes it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets. 
 
 The Company had material unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Note 14. 
 
 of the first of employee contributions, and of the next of employee contributions, up to a maximum amount of of an employee s compensation. Company matching contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company has an ESOP covering all employees fulfilling minimum age and service requirements. Employer contributions are discretionary and may be made to the plan in an amount equal to a percentage of each participating employee s salary. The ESOP contribution expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company provides Health Savings Account contributions to its employees enrolled in high deductible plans. Company contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million each year. 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans: The Company has entered into nonqualified supplemental executive retirement plans (SERPs) with certain executive officers. The SERPs allow certain executives to accumulate retirement benefits beyond those 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Company contributions and interest ) Cash payments made ) ) ) Balance, ending 
 Salary Continuation Plans: The Company has salary continuation plans for several officers and directors. These plans provide payments of various amounts upon retirement or death. There are no employee compensation deferrals to these plans. The Company accrues the expense for these benefits by charges to operating expense during the period the respective officer or director attains full eligibility. 
 Company paid interest Cash payments made ) ) ) Balance, ending 
 Deferred Compensation Plans: The Company has entered into deferred compensation agreements with certain executive officers. Under the provisions of the agreements, the officers may defer compensation. Interest on the deferred amounts is earned at The Wall Street Journal s prime rate plus percent. The Company also maintains deferred compensation agreements with certain other officers and directors, under which deferrals are no longer permitted, and the interest rate is fixed at . In 2019 the Company also acquired deferred compensations plans as a result of the merger with ATBancorp. Under the provisions of the agreements, interest on the deferred amounts is earned at an annual interest rate equal to either the Bank s or Company s return on equity and deferrals are no longer permitted. Upon retirement, participants will generally receive the deferral balance in equal monthly installments over periods no longer that months. 
 
 Employee deferrals Company paid interest Cash payments made ) ) ) Balance, ending 
 Post-retirement Death Benefit Plan: The Company has an insurance benefit plan for several officers that provides a life insurance benefit of the participant s last annual salary after retirement. 
 Company deferral expense Balance, ending 
 
 To provide the retirement benefits for the aforementioned SERPs, salary continuation plans, deferred compensation plans, and post-retirement death benefit plan, the Company carries life insurance policies which had cash values totaling million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

90 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 15. 
 
 shares of the Company s common stock as stock options, stock appreciation rights or stock awards (including restricted stock and restricted stock units) and also to grant cash incentive awards to eligible individuals. As of December 31, 2022, shares of the Company s common stock remained available for future awards under the 2017 Plan. 
 
 During 2022, the Company recognized million of stock based compensation expense related to restricted stock unit grants. In comparison, during 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, related to restricted stock unit grants. 
 
 Under the 2017 Plan, the Company may grant restricted stock unit awards that vest upon the completion of future service requirements or specified performance criteria. Generally, all restricted stock units vest upon death, disability, or in connection with a change in control. In addition, both TRSUs and PRSUs receive forfeitable dividend equivalents. To the extent there is a financial restatement, any performance-based or incentive-based compensation that has been paid is subject to clawback. 
 
 For TRSUs granted prior to 2020, the restricted stock units vest per year over . Beginning with the TRSUs granted in 2020, each restricted stock unit award now vests 1/3rd per year over years, with the first vesting date being the anniversary of the grant date. Awards granted to directors vest from the grant date. 
 
 The PRSUs cliff vest years from the grant date based on certain performance conditions, which are weighted equally. The performance measurement period commences at the beginning of the defined period. Upon retirement, PRSU awards remain eligible to vest at the conclusion of the performance period. 
 
 The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense for TRSUs over the vesting period, using the straight-line method, based upon the number of awards ultimately expected to vest. The fair value of the TRSUs is equal to the market price of the common stock at the grant date. Stock-based compensation expense for PRSUs is based upon the fair value of the underlying stock on the grant date, and is amortized over the vesting period using the straight-line method unless it is determined that: (1) attainment of the financial metrics is less than probable, in which case a portion of the amortization is suspended, or (2) attainment of the financial metrics is improbable, in which case a portion of the previously recognized amortization is reversed and also suspended. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Reinvested Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

The fair value of restricted stock unit awards that vested during 2022 was million, compared to million and million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total compensation costs related to non-vested restricted stock units that have not yet been recognized totaled million, and the weighted average period over which these costs are expected to be recognized is approximately years 

Note 16. 

91 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted Earnings Per Share: Net income Weighted average shares outstanding, included all dilutive potential shares Diluted earnings per common share 

Note 17. 
 
 million is then reduced from capital over the subsequent three-year period. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the most recent notification from the FDIC categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action then in effect. There are no conditions or events since this date that management believes have changed the Bank s category. In order to be a well-capitalized depository institution, a bank must maintain a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 or more; a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8 or more; a total capital ratio of 10 or more; and a leverage ratio of 5 or more. A capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , comprised of Common Equity Tier 1 capital, is also established above the regulatory minimum capital requirements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Bank was not required to maintain reserve balances in cash on hand or on deposit with Federal Reserve Banks, and therefore the total amount held in reserve for each of these as of periods was dollars. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 N/A N/A Tier 1 capital/risk weighted assets N/A N/A Common equity tier 1 capital/risk weighted assets N/A N/A Tier 1 leverage capital/average assets N/A N/A MidWest One Bank: 
 Total capital/risk weighted assets Tier 1 capital/risk weighted assets Common equity tier 1 capital/risk weighted assets Tier 1 leverage capital/average assets At December 31, 2021: Consolidated: Total capital/risk weighted assets N/A N/A Tier 1 capital/risk weighted assets N/A N/A Common equity tier 1 capital/risk weighted assets N/A N/A Tier 1 leverage capital/average assets N/A N/A MidWest One Bank: 
 Total capital/risk weighted assets Tier 1 capital/risk weighted assets Common equity tier 1 capital/risk weighted assets Tier 1 leverage capital/average assets 
 . 
 
 Subordinated Notes: The Company completed a private placement of million aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes on July 28, 2020. The subordinated notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. 

Note 18. 

Commitments to sell loans Standby letters of credit Total 
 
 The Bank s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Bank evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, whereas the total amount of the liability as of December 31, 2021 was million. The total amount recorded in credit loss (benefit) expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was an expense of million, while a benefit of million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Litigation : In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries have been named, from time to time, as defendants in various legal actions. Certain of the actual or threatened legal actions may include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Management, after consulting with legal counsel, is of the opinion that the ultimate liability, if any, resulting from these pending or threatened actions and proceedings will not have a material effect on the financial statements of the Company. 
 
 of the loans are real estate loans and approximately are agriculturally related. The concentrations of credit by type of loan are set forth in Note 4. Loans Receivable and the Allowance for Credit Losses and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 

Note 19. 
 
 Advances Change due to collections, loans sold, or changes in related parties ) ) Balance, ending Available credit 
 
 None of these loans are past due, nonaccrual or restructured to provide a reduction or deferral of interest or principal because of deterioration in the financial position of the borrower. Deposits from these related parties totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Deposits from related parties are accepted subject to the same interest rates and terms as those from non-related parties. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 20. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 State and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate debt securities Derivative assets Mortgage servicing rights Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 
 Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2021 Using 
 (in thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Available for sale debt securities: U.S. Government agencies and corporations State and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate debt securities Derivative assets Mortgage servicing rights Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 
 
 There were no transfers of assets between Level 3 and other levels of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Changes in the fair value of available for sale debt securities are included in other comprehensive income. 
 
 Quoted or published market prices of similar instruments, adjusted for factors such as pull-through rate assumptions Pull-through rate - 
 
 Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 The Company used the following methods and significant assumptions to estimate the fair value of each type of financial instrument: 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Foreclosed assets, net 
 
 Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2021 Using (in thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Collateral dependent individually analyzed loans Foreclosed assets, net 

The following presents the valuation technique(s), unobservable inputs, and quantitative information about the unobservable inputs used for fair value measurements of the financial instruments held by the Company and categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of the date indicated: 
 Fair Value at (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Valuation Techniques(s) Unobservable Input Range of Inputs Weighted Average Collateral dependent individually analyzed loans Fair value of collateral Valuation adjustments Foreclosed assets, net Fair value of collateral Valuation adjustments 
 
 Changes in assumptions or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on these estimated fair values. 
 
 Other Fair Value Methods 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Interest Receivable, Short-term Borrowings, Finance Lease Payable, and Other Long-Term Debt - The carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximate their fair values. 
 
 Loans Held for Sale - Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, with fair value being based on binding contracts from third party investors (Level 2). The portfolio has historically consisted primarily of residential real estate loans. 
 Loans Held for Investment, Net - The estimated fair value of loans, net, was performed using the income approach, with the market approach used for certain nonperforming loans, resulting in a Level 3 fair value classification. 
 FHLB stock - Investments in FHLB stock are recorded at cost and measured for impairment quarterly. Ownership of FHLB stock is restricted to member banks and the securities do not have a readily determinable market value. Purchases and sales of these securities are at par value with the issuer. The fair value of investments in FHLB stock is equal to the carrying amount. 
 
 Deposits - Deposits are carried at historical cost. The fair values of deposits with no stated maturity (defined as noninterest-bearing demand, interest checking, money market, and savings accounts) are equal to the amount payable on demand as of the balance sheet date and considered Level 1. The fair value of time deposits is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows and considered Level 2. The discount rate is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Debt securities available for sale 
 Held to maturity debt securities Loans held for sale 
 Loans held for investment, net 
 Interest receivable 
 FHLB stock Derivative assets 
 Financial liabilities: Noninterest bearing deposits Interest bearing deposits Short-term borrowings 
 Finance leases payable 
 FHLB borrowings Junior subordinated notes issued to capital trusts 
 Subordinated debentures 
 Other long-term debt 

98 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Debt securities available for sale 
 Loans held for sale 
 Loans held for investment, net 
 Interest receivable 
 FHLB stock Derivative assets 
 Financial liabilities: Noninterest bearing deposits Interest bearing deposits Short-term borrowings 
 Finance leases payable 
 FHLB borrowings Junior subordinated notes issued to capital trusts 
 Subordinated debentures 
 Derivative liabilities 

Note 21. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 22. 
 
 Finance lease right-of-use asset Premises and equipment, net 
 Total right-of-use assets Operating lease liability Other liabilities 
 Finance lease liability Long-term debt 
 Total lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term: Operating leases 
 years years Finance lease 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases 
 Finance lease 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Variable lease cost 
 Interest on lease liabilities (1) 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 Net lease cost 
 Other Information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 Operating cash flows from finance lease 
 Finance cash flows from finance lease 
 Supplemental non-cash information on lease liabilities: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 (1) Included in long-term debt interest expense in the Company s consolidated statements of income. All other lease costs in this table are included in occupancy expense of premises, net. 
 December 31, 2024 December 31, 2025 December 31, 2026 December 31, 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payment Amounts representing interest ) ) Lease liability 

Note 23. 
 
 reportable segment for financial reporting purposes. The Company is engaged in the business of commercial and retail banking and trust and investment management services with operations throughout central and eastern Iowa, the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area of Minnesota, southwestern Wisconsin, Naples and Fort Myers Florida, and Denver, Colorado. Substantially all income is derived from a diverse base of commercial, mortgage and retail lending activities, and investments. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 24. 
 
 Investment in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 Interest and other income Total income Expense Interest expense ) ) ) Compensation and employee benefits ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Total expenses ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in subsidiaries undistributed income ) Income tax benefit Equity in subsidiaries undistributed income Net income 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary ) ) ) Share-based compensation Net change in other assets and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities: Proceeds from sales of equity securities Purchases of equity securities ) ) ) Proceeds from intercompany sale of bank-owned life insurance Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Net cash paid in business acquisition ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt Payments of subordinated debt issuance costs ) ) Redemption of subordinated debentures ) Proceeds from other long-term debt Payments of other long-term debt ) ) Taxes paid relating to the release/lapse of restriction on RSUs ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Note 25. 

On January 24, 2023, the board of directors of the Company declared a cash dividend of per share payable on March 15, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 1, 2023. 
 
 In the first quarter of 2023, the Company executed the sale of approximately million in book value of its AFS debt securities as part of a balance sheet repositioning. The sale resulted in pre-tax realized loss of approximately million, and the proceeds of approximately million will be redeployed towards paying off existing short-term borrowings and purchasing higher yielding AFS debt securities. The balance sheet repositioning is a non-recognized subsequent event and will be reflected in the first quarter 2023 consolidated financial statements. 

103 

Table of Contents 
 
 MIDWEST ONE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 26. 
 Interest expense Net interest income Credit loss expense (benefit) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Earnings per common share Basic Diluted 2021 Interest income Interest expense Net interest income Credit loss (benefit) expense ) ) ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) Income tax expense (benefit) Net income (loss) Earnings (loss) per common share Basic Diluted 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 I TEM 9. C HANGES IN AND D ISAGREEMENTS WITH A CCOUNTANTS ON A CCOUNTING AND F INANCIAL D ISCLOSURE . 
 None. 

I TEM 9A. C ONTROLS AND P ROCEDURES . 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer, have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the preparation of reliable published financial statements. Internal control over financial reporting includes self-monitoring mechanisms and taking action to correct deficiencies as they are identified. Because of inherent limitations in any system of internal control, no matter how well designed, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected, including the possibility of the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. 
 Management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting of Iowa First Bancshares Corporation, which was acquired on June 9, 2022, until the accounting systems were converted on July 22, 2022 and September 9, 2022, and whose financial data constituted approximately 10 of total assets as of the date of acquisition. 
 
 Management assessed the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer, assert that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the specified criteria. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by RSM US LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm who also has audited the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. RSM US LLP s report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting appears on the following page. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. and subsidiary s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 13, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 As described in Management s Annual Report, management has excluded Iowa First Bancshares Corporation from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination in the second quarter of 2022. We have also excluded Iowa First Bancshares Corporation from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Iowa First Bancshares Corporations entities operated under separate accounting systems from June 9, 2022 (the date of acquisition) until the systems were converted on July 22, 2022 and September 9, 2022. Iowa First Bancshares Corporation s total assets represent approximately 10 of the related consolidated financial statement amount as of the date of the acquisition. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 Des Moines, Iowa 
 March 13, 2023 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 I TEM 9B. O THER I NFORMATION . 
 None. 

I TEM 9C. D ISCLOSURE R EGARDING F OREIGN J URISDICTIONS T HAT P REVENT I NSPECTIONS 
 
 Not Applicable. 

PART III 

I TEM 10. D IRECTORS , E XECUTIVE O FFICERS AND C ORPORATE G OVERNANCE . 
 The information required by this Item 10 will be included in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the headings Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Information About Nominees, Continuing Directors and Named Executive Officers, Corporate Governance and Board Matters, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, and Shareholder Communications with the Board and Nomination and Proposal Procedures and is incorporated herein by reference. The Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year. 

I TEM 11. E XECUTIVE C OMPENSATION . 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be included in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the headings Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Executive Compensation and Director Compensation and is incorporated herein by reference. The Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year. 

I TEM 12. S ECURITY O WNERSHIP OF C ERTAIN B ENEFICIAL O WNERS AND M ANAGEMENT AND R ELATED S TOCKHOLDER M ATTERS . 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be included in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information and is incorporated herein by reference. The Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year. 

I TEM 13. C ERTAIN R ELATIONSHIPS AND R ELATED T RANSACTIONS , AND D IRECTOR I NDEPENDENCE . 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be included in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the headings Corporate Governance and Board Matters and Certain Relationships and Related-Person Transactions and is incorporated herein by reference. The Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year. 

I TEM 14. P RINCIPAL A CCOUNTANT F EES AND S ERVICES (PCAOB ID: ). 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be included in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption Proposal 4: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and is incorporated herein by reference. The Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the Company s 2022 fiscal year. 

PART IV 

I TEM 15. E XHIBITS AND F INANCIAL S TATEMENT S CHEDULES . 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements: The following consolidated financial statements of the registrant and its subsidiaries are filed as part of this document under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 49) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 All schedules are omitted as such information is inapplicable or is included in the financial statements. 
 (3) Exhibits: 
 The exhibits are filed as part of this report and exhibits incorporated herein by reference to other documents are as follows: 
 Exhibit Number Description Incorporated by Reference to: 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 1, 2021, Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K by and among MidWest One Financial Group, Inc., IFBC 
 filed with the SEC on November 1, 2021 Acquisition Corp., and Iowa First Bancshares Corp. 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. filed with the 
 Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-147628) Secretary of State of the State of Iowa on March 14, 2008 filed with the SEC on January 14, 2008 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment (First Amendment) to the Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of filed with the SEC on January 23, 2009 MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. filed with the 
 Secretary of State of the State of Iowa on January 23, 2009 3.3 
 Articles of Amendment (Second Amendment) to the Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of filed with the SEC on February 6, 2009 MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. filed with the 
 Secretary of State of the State of Iowa on February 4, 2009 (containing the Certificate of Designations for the Company s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A) 3.4 
 Articles of Amendment (Third Amendment) to the Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of ended March 31, 2017, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2017 MidWest One Financial Group, Inc., filed with the Secretary 
 of State of the State of Iowa on April 21, 2017 3.5 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws, as Amended of Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. as of October 18, 2022 
 filed with the SEC on October 19, 2022 4.1 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 through 3.5 hereof N/A 4.2 
 Description of the Company s Securities Registered Filed herewith Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 4.3 
 Indenture, dated July 28, 2020, by and between Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank 
 filed with the SEC on July 29, 2020 National Association, as trustee 4.4 
 Forms of 5.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K due 2030 (included as Exhibit A-1 and Exhibit A-2 to the filed with the SEC on July 29, 2020 Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.3 hereto) 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description Incorporated by Reference to: 10.1 
 MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. Employee Stock 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K Ownership Plan and Trust (Restated as of January 1, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020 2013) 10.2 
 ISB Financial Corp. (now known as MidWest One 
 Appendix F of the Joint Proxy Statement-Prospectus Financial Group, Inc.) 2008 Equity Incentive Plan constituting part of the Company s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-147628) filed with the SEC on January 22, 2008 10.3 
 MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 2017 Equity 
 Appendix A of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Incentive Plan Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on March 10, 2017 10.4 
 Form of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 2017 Equity 
 Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021 10.5 
 Form of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 2017 Equity 
 Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K Incentive Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021 Award Agreement 10.6 
 Employment Agreement between MidWes tOne Financial 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Group, Inc. and Charles N. Funk, dated October 18, 2017 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2017 10.7 
 Supplemental Retirement Agreement between Iowa State Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Registration Statement on Bank Trust Company (now known as MidWest One 
 Form S-4 (File No. 333-147628) filed with the SEC on Bank) and Charles N. Funk, dated November 1, 2001 November 27, 2007 10.8 
 Employment Agreement between MidWest One Financial 
 Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Group, Inc. and James M. Cantrell, dated October 18, Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2017 2017 10.9 
 Credit Agreement by and between MidWest One 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter Financial Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association ended June 30, 2015 filed with the SEC on August 10, 2015 dated April 30, 2015 10.10 
 Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement by and Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K between MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank 
 filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020 National Association dated April 29, 2019 10.11 
 Seventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement by and Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K between MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank 
 filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021 National Association dated December 11, 2020 10.12 
 Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement by and Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter between MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank 
 ended September 30, 2021 filed with the SEC on National Association dated October 22, 2021. November 4, 2021 10.13 
 Employment Agreement between MidWest One Financial 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Group, Inc. and Barry S. Ray, effective June 4, 2018 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 4, 2018 10.14 
 Employment Agreement between MidWest One Financial 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Group, Inc. and Gary L. Sims, effective June 25, 2018 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2018 10.15 
 Change in Control Agreement between MidWest One 
 Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K Financial Group, Inc. and David Lindstrom, effective filed with the SEC on March 8, 2019 February 21, 2018 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description Incorporated by Reference to: 10.16 
 Change in Control Agreement between MidWest One 
 Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K Financial Group, Inc. and Gregory W. Turner, effective filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020 October 13, 2017 10.17 
 Amended and Restated MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 
 Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, effective filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021 December 15, 2020 10.18 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. and Len D. Devaisher, 
 filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022 dated March 8, 2022 10.19 
 Letter Agreement which revises the Amended and Restated Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Employment Agreement between MidWest One Financial 
 filed with the SEC on September 29, 2022 Group, Inc. and Len D. Devaisher, dated September 27, 2022 10.20 
 Employment Agreement between MidWest One Financial 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Group, Inc. and Charles N. Reeves, dated November 1, 2022 filed with the SEC on October 19, 2022 10.21 
 Letter Agreement, dated January 24, 2023, from the Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors filed with the SEC on January 26, 2023 of MidWestOne Financial Group, Inc., to Charles N. Funk regarding compensation matters 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 
 Filed herewith 23.1 
 Consent of RSM US LLP Filed herewith 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Filed herewith Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Filed herewith Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 31.3 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Filed herewith Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Filed herewith 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Filed herewith 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.3 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Filed herewith 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description Incorporated by Reference to: 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Filed herewith Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: 
 (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Filed herewith Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Filed herewith Document 101.INS The Inline XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. The schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K and will be provided to the SEC upon request. 

I TEM 16. F ORM 10-K S UMMARY . 
 None. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 M ID W EST O NE F INANCIAL G ROUP , I NC . 
 Dated: March 13, 2023 By: /s/ CHARLES N. REEVES Charles N. Reeves Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ BARRY S. RAY Barry S. Ray Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ JOHN J. RUPPEL John J. Ruppel Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ CHARLES N. REEVES Chief Executive Officer; Director March 13, 2023 Charles N. Reeves (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ BARRY S. RAY Chief Financial Officer March 13, 2023 Barry S. Ray (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ JOHN J. RUPPEL Chief Accounting Officer March 13, 2023 John J. Ruppel (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ KEVIN W. MONSON Chairman of the Board March 13, 2023 Kevin W. Monson /s/ LARRY D. ALBERT Director March 13, 2023 Larry D. Albert /s/ RICHARD R. DONOHUE 
 Director March 13, 2023 Richard R. Donohue /s/ CHARLES N. FUNK Director March 13, 2023 Charles N. Funk /s/ JANET E. GODWIN Director March 13, 2023 Janet E. Godwin 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ DOUGLAS H. GREEFF Director March 13, 2023 Douglas H. Greeff /s/ RICHARD J. HARTIG Director March 13, 2023 Richard J. Hartig /s/ JENNIFER L. HAUSCHILDT Director March 13, 2023 Jennifer L. Hauschildt /s/ MATTHEW J. HAYEK Director March 13, 2023 Matthew J. Hayek /s/ NATHANIEL J. KAEDING Director March 13, 2023 Nathaniel J. Kaeding /s/ TRACY S. MCCORMICK 
 Director March 13, 2023 Tracy S. McCormick /s/ RUTH E. STANOCH Director March 13, 2023 Ruth E. Stanoch 

113 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 exhibit4210k2022.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 
 Exhibit 4.2 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description of the material terms of the common stock of MidWestOne Financial Group, Inc. (the Company, which is also referred to herein as we, our or us is only a summary. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the terms and conditions of the Company s common stock in all respects and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended by the first, second and third amendments thereto Articles of Incorporation and the Company s Third Amended and Restated Bylaws, as Amended Bylaws ), each of which are filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part, as well as the Iowa Business Corporation Act, as amended (the IBCA ), and any other documents referenced in the summary and from which the summary is derived. 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 General 
 Our Articles of Incorporation provide that we are authorized to issue, without shareholder action, a total of 30,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share, and 500,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value per share. The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series and with such terms and conditions, at such times and for such consideration as our board of directors may determine. 
 Common Stock 
 General. Under our Articles of Incorporation, we have the authority to issue 30,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 1.00 per share. Our common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol MOFG. 
 Each share of our common stock has the same relative rights and is identical in all respects to every other share of our common stock. Our shares of common stock are neither redeemable nor convertible, and the holders thereof have no preemptive or subscription rights to purchase any of our securities. 
 Voting Rights. Each outstanding share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors. The board of directors is classified into three classes, with approximately one-third of the directors up for election each year. 
 Liquidation Rights. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive, pro rata , our assets which are legally available for distribution, after payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any holders of preferred stock then outstanding. 
 Dividends Payable on Shares of Common Stock. In general, the holders of outstanding shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available therefor at such times and in such amounts as our board of directors may from time to time determine. The ability of our board of directors to declare and pay dividends on our common stock may be affected by both general corporate law considerations and policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions. 
 General. Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control or an unsolicited acquisition proposal that a shareholder might consider favorable, including a proposal that might result in the payment of a premium over the market price for the shares held by shareholders. These provisions are summarized in the following paragraphs. 

Exhibit 4.2 

 Authorized Shares of Capital Stock. Authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and preferred stock under our Articles of Incorporation could (within the limits imposed by applicable law and Nasdaq Marketplace Rules) be issued in one or more transactions that could make a change of control of us more difficult, and therefore more unlikely. The additional authorized shares could be used to discourage persons from attempting to gain control of us by diluting the voting power of shares then outstanding or increasing the voting power of persons who would support the board of directors in a potential takeover situation, including by preventing or delaying a proposed business combination that is opposed by the board of directors although perceived to be desirable by some shareholders. 
 Limitations on Right to Call Special Meetings Shareholder Proposal Notice Requirements. Under our Bylaws, a special meeting of our shareholders may be called only by (i) the Chairman of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer or our President or (ii) in accordance with Section 490.702 of the IBCA which requires written demand by shareholders owning at least 10 of the total voting power of the outstanding stock entitled to vote on the issue proposed to be considered at the special meeting. Additionally, our Bylaws require that shareholder proposals meet certain advanced notice and minimum informational requirements. These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next annual shareholders meeting shareholder actions which are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 State Anti-Takeover Laws. The IBCA contains an anti-takeover provision referred to as the business combinations with interested shareholders provision. This provision prevents a corporation from engaging in any business combination with an interested shareholder (as defined in the IBCA) for a period of three years following the time that the shareholder became an interested shareholder, unless one of the following conditions applies (i) prior to the time that the shareholder became an interested shareholder, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder (ii) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced or (iii) at or subsequent to the time the shareholder became an interested shareholder, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested shareholder. 
 The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 . The ability of a third party to acquire our stock is also limited under applicable U.S. banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements. The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, requires any bank holding company to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve before acquiring, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of our outstanding common stock. Federal law also prohibits any person or company from acquiring control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or its holding company without prior notice to the appropriate federal bank regulator. Control is conclusively presumed to exist upon the acquisition of 25 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank or bank holding company, but may arise under certain circumstances between 10 and 24.99 ownership. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit21110k2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 Subsidiaries of the Company Organized Under the Laws of Percent Owned by the Company MidWest One Bank 
 State of Iowa 100 MidWest One Statutory Trust II 
 State of Delaware 100 of common securities Central Bancshares Capital Trust II State of Delaware 100 of common securities Barron Investment Capital Trust I State of Delaware 100 of common securities ATBancorp Statutory Trust I State of Delaware 100 of common securities ATBancorp Statutory Trust II State of Delaware 100 of common securities 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit23110k2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-266263 and 333-207659) on Form S-3 and Registration Statements (Nos. 333-217718 and 333-149914) on Form S-8 of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. and subsidiary, of our reports dated March 13, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. and subsidiary, appearing in the Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. and subsidiary for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s RSM US LLP 
 
 Des Moines, Iowa 
 March 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit31110k2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a - 14(a) 15d - 14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Charles N. Reeves, Chief Executive Officer of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc., certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report 4) The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5) The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s CHARLES N. REEVES Charles N. Reeves Chief Executive Officer Date March 13, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit31210k2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a - 14(a) 15d - 14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Barry S. Ray, Chief Financial Officer of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc., certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report 4) The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5) The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s BARRY S. RAY Barry S. Ray Chief Financial Officer Date March 13, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 7
 exhibit31310k2022.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 
 Exhibit 31.3 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a - 14(a) 15d - 14(a) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John J. Ruppel, Chief Accounting Officer of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc., certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual Report 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report 4) The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5) The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s JOHN J. RUPPEL John J. Ruppel Chief Accounting Officer Date March 13, 2023 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit32110k2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Charles N. Reeves, the Chief Executive Officer of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (a) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (b) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 

s CHARLES N. REEVES Charles N. Reeves Chief Executive Officer Date March 13, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies this Form 10-K and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit32210k2022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Barry S. Ray, Chief Financial Officer of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (a) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (b) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 

s BARRY S. RAY Barry S. Ray Chief Financial Officer Date March 13, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies this Form 10-K and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 10
 exhibit32310k2022.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 
 Exhibit 32.3 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John J. Ruppel, the Chief Accounting Officer of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (a) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (b) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of MidWest One Financial Group, Inc. 

s JOHN J. RUPPEL John J. Ruppel Chief Accounting Officer Date March 13, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies this Form 10-K and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 mofg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 mofg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 mofg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 mofg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 mofg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

