<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_313616_0000313616-23-000087.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>88295902</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1144013</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>70813226</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6903695</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4673517</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4331311</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>21</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000313616-23-000087.hdr.sgml : 20231026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222164048
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000313616-23-000087
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		350
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DANAHER CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000313616
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INSTRUMENTS FOR MEASUREMENT, DISPLAY, AND CONTROL [3823]
		IRS NUMBER:				591995548
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08089
		FILM NUMBER:		23653927

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 PENNSYLVANIA AVE. N.W.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800W
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20037-1701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2028280850

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 PENNSYLVANIA AVE. N.W.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800W
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20037-1701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DMG INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19850221

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000313616-23-000087.txt : 20231026

10-K
 1
 dhr-20221231.htm
 10-K

dhr-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 As of February 3, 2023, the number of shares of Registrant s common stock outstanding was . The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on July 1, 2022 was billion, based upon the closing price of the Registrant s common stock as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. 
 ____________________________________ 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE INFORMATION RELATING TO FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 1 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 34 
 Item 2. Properties 
 34 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 35 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 Item 6. Not Applicable 
 36 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 58 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 59 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 109 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 109 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 109 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 109 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 109 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 110 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 110 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 110 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 110 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 111 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 111 

In this Annual Report, the terms Danaher or the Company refer to Danaher Corporation, Danaher Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries or the consolidated subsidiaries of Danaher Corporation, as the context requires. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial data in this Annual Report refer to continuing operations only. 
 
 INFORMATION RELATING TO FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report, in other documents we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), in our press releases, webcasts, conference calls, materials delivered to shareholders and other communications, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. All statements other than historical factual information are forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding: projections of revenue, expenses, profit, profit margins, pricing, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and funding requirements, our liquidity position or other projected financial measures; management s plans and strategies for future operations, including statements relating to anticipated operating performance, cost reductions, restructuring activities, new product and service developments, competitive strengths or market position, acquisitions and the integration thereof, divestitures, spin-offs, split-offs, initial public offerings, other securities offerings or other distributions, strategic opportunities, stock repurchases, dividends and executive compensation; growth, declines and other trends in markets we sell into; new or modified laws, regulations and accounting pronouncements; future regulatory approvals and the timing and conditionality thereof; outstanding claims, legal proceedings, tax audits and assessments and other contingent liabilities; future foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates; the potential or anticipated direct or indirect impact of COVID-19 on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition; general economic and capital markets conditions; the anticipated timing of any of the foregoing; assumptions underlying any of the foregoing; and any other statements that address events or developments that Danaher intends or believes will or may occur in the future. Terminology such as believe, anticipate, should, could, intend, will, plan, expect, estimate, project, target, may, possible, potential, forecast and positioned and similar references to future periods are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements are accompanied by such words. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks and uncertainties set forth below and under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from the results, developments and business decisions contemplated by our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the report, document, press release, webcast, call, materials or other communication in which they are made. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we do not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise. 
 Below is a summary of material risks and uncertainties we face, which are discussed more fully in Item 1A. Risk Factors : 
 Business and Strategic Risks 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and could in the future continue to adversely impact elements of our business and financial statements. Other conditions in the global economy, the particular markets we serve and the financial markets can also adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Even if we compete effectively, we may be required to reduce the prices we charge. 
 Our growth depends on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. Our growth can also suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. 
 The health care industry and related industries that we serve are undergoing significant changes in an effort to reduce (and increase the predictability of) costs, which can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Non-U.S. economic, political, legal, compliance, social and business factors (such as the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine) can negatively affect our business and financial statements. 
 Collaborative partners and other third-parties we rely on for development, supply and/or marketing of certain products, potential products and technologies could fail to perform sufficiently. 
 1 

Acquisitions, Divestitures and Investment Risks 
 Any inability to consummate acquisitions at our historical rate and appropriate prices, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy, could negatively impact our business. Our acquisition of businesses, investments, joint ventures and other strategic relationships could also negatively impact our business and financial statements and our indemnification rights may not fully protect us from liabilities related thereto. 
 We intend to separate our Environmental Applied Solutions EAS segment to create a publicly-traded company in the fourth quarter of 2023 (the EAS Separation ). The proposed transaction may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or at all and may not achieve the intended benefits. 
 Divestitures or other dispositions (including the anticipated EAS Separation) could negatively impact our business, and contingent liabilities from EAS or from businesses that we or our predecessors have previously disposed could adversely affect our business and financial statements. For example, we could incur significant liability if the EAS Separation or any of the split-off or spin-off transactions we have previously consummated are determined to be a taxable transaction or otherwise pursuant to our indemnification obligations with respect to such transactions. 
 Operational Risks 
 Significant disruptions in, or breaches in security of, our information technology IT systems or data; data privacy violations; other losses or disruptions to facilities, supply chains, distribution systems or IT systems due to catastrophe; and labor disputes can all adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products or services, or allegations thereof, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of the supplies we use in, and the labor we need for, our operations. In 2022 we experienced supply chain disruptions including in some cases shortages of supply, cost inflation and shipping delays, labor availability constraints and labor cost increases. 
 Climate change, legal or regulatory measures to address climate change and any inability to address stakeholder expectations with respect to climate change, may negatively affect us. 
 Our success depends on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate talented employees representing diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets. 
 Our restructuring actions can have long-term adverse effects on our business and financial statements. 
 Intellectual Property Risks 
 Any inability to adequately protect or avoid third-party infringement of our intellectual property, and third-party claims we are infringing intellectual property rights, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 The U.S. government has certain rights with respect to incremental production capacity attributable to, and/or the intellectual property we have developed using, government financing. In addition, in times of national emergency the U.S. government could also control our allocation of manufacturing capacity. 
 Financial and Tax Risks 
 Our outstanding debt has increased significantly as a result of acquisitions, and we may incur additional debt. Such indebtedness may limit our operations and use of cash flow and negatively impact our credit ratings; and failure to comply with our indebtedness-related covenants could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Our business and financial statements can be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our tax rates (including as a result of changes in tax laws) or income tax liabilities/assessments, the outcome of tax audits, financial market risks related to our defined benefit pension plans, health care costs, recognition of impairment charges for our goodwill or other intangible assets, and fluctuations in the cost and availability of commodities. 
 Legal, Regulatory, Compliance and Reputational Risks 
 Significant developments or changes in national laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and/or address foreign competition can have an adverse effect on our business and financial statements. 
 Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation (including those applicable to the healthcare industry). Failure to comply with those regulations (including by our employees, agents or business partners) or significant developments or changes in U.S. laws or policies can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 2 

With respect to the regulated medical devices we offer, product introductions or modifications may require regulatory clearance or authorizations and we could be required to recall or cease marketing such products; off-label marketing could result in penalties; and clinical trials may have results that are unexpected or are perceived unfavorably by the market, all of which could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We are subject to or otherwise responsible for a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business that can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Our operations, products and services also expose us to the risk of environmental, health and safety liabilities, costs and violations that could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Our By-law exclusive forum provisions could limit our stockholders ability to choose their preferred judicial forum for disputes. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Danaher is a global science and technology innovator committed to helping customers solve complex challenges and improving quality of life around the world. Danaher is comprised of more than 20 operating companies with leadership positions in the biotechnology, life sciences, diagnostics, environmental and applied sectors, organized under four segments (Biotechnology; Life Sciences; Diagnostics; and Environmental Applied Solutions). United by the DANAHER BUSINESS SYSTEM DBS ), our businesses are also typically characterized by a high level of products and services that are sold on a recurring basis, primarily through a direct sales model and to a geographically diverse customer base. Our business research and development, manufacturing, sales, distribution, service and administrative facilities are located in more than 60 countries. 
 Danaher strives to create shareholder value primarily through three strategic priorities: 
 strengthening our competitive advantage through consistent application of DBS tools; 
 enhancing our portfolio in attractive science and technology markets through strategic capital allocation; and 
 consistently attracting and retaining exceptional talent. 
 Danaher measures its progress against these strategic priorities over the long-term based primarily on financial metrics relating to revenue growth, profitability, cash flow and capital returns, as well as certain non-financial metrics. To further the strategic objectives set forth above, the Company also acquires businesses and makes investments that either complement its existing business portfolio or expand its portfolio into new and attractive markets. Given the rapid pace of technological development and the specialized expertise typical of Danaher s served markets, acquisitions, strategic alliances and investments provide the Company access to important new technologies and domain expertise. Danaher believes there are many acquisition and investment opportunities available within its targeted markets. The extent to which we identify, consummate and effectively integrate appropriate acquisitions and consummate appropriate investments affects our overall growth and operating results. Danaher also continually assesses the strategic fit of its existing businesses and may separate or otherwise dispose businesses based on strategic and other considerations. In particular, we have announced our intention to separate Danaher s Environmental Applied Solutions segment to create a publicly-traded company in the fourth quarter of 2023, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including obtaining final approval from the Danaher Board of Directors, satisfactory completion of financing and receipt of tax opinions, favorable rulings from the Internal Revenue Service and other regulatory approvals. 
 DBS is not only the set of business processes and tools our operating companies use on a daily basis, but is more broadly our culture. As reflected in our logo, DBS features five core values (the Core Values ): 
 1. The Best Team Wins 
 2. Customers Talk, We Listen 
 3. Kaizen is our Way of Life 
 4. Innovation Defines our Future 
 5. We Compete for Shareholders 
 3 

Underpinned by these five Core Values as well as our Shared Purpose Helping Realize Life s Potential , the DBS tools are organized into four pillars that are designed to apply to every aspect of our business: Growth, Lean, Leadership and the DBS Fundamentals. 
 The idea for Danaher originated in the early 1980s when the Company s founders, Steven M. and Mitchell P. Rales, envisioned a business that would generate sustainable long-term value for customers, associates and shareholders. Through a series of acquisitions and divestitures, Danaher has evolved over time into the science and technology innovator it is today. While the operating companies that make up Danaher have changed, DBS continues to be the guiding philosophy for the Company. 
 Sales in 2022 by geographic destination (geographic destination refers to the geographic area where the final sale to the Company s unaffiliated customer is made) as a percentage of total 2022 sales were: North America, 44 (including 42 in the United States); Western Europe, 22 ; other developed markets, 5 ; and high-growth markets, 29 . The Company defines North America as the United States and Canada. The Company defines high-growth markets as developing markets of the world experiencing extended periods of accelerated growth in gross domestic product and infrastructure which include Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America (including Mexico) and Asia (with the exception of Japan, Australia and New Zealand). The Company defines developed markets as all markets of the world that are not high-growth markets. 
 BIOTECHNOLOGY 
 The Biotechnology segment includes the bioprocessing and discovery and medical businesses and offers a broad range of tools, consumables and services that are primarily used by customers to advance and accelerate the research, development, manufacture and delivery of biological medicines. The biotherapeutics that the Company s solutions support range from replacement therapies such as insulin, vaccines, recombinant proteins and other biologic drugs, to novel cell, gene, mRNA and other nucleic acid therapies. Sales in 2022 for this segment by geographic destination (as a percentage of total 2022 sales) were: North America, 35 ; Western Europe, 30 ; other developed markets, 4 ; and high-growth markets, 31 . 
 Danaher established the Biotechnology segment, which was previously part of the former Life Sciences segment, in 2022. The Biotechnology segment includes the Pall life sciences business, acquired in 2015, and Cytiva, acquired in 2020. 
 The Biotechnology segment consists of the following businesses: 
 Bioprocessing The bioprocessing business is a leading provider of technologies, consumables, services and solutions that advance, accelerate and integrate the development and manufacture of therapeutics. These therapeutics include protein-based and other biological therapies as well as a new emerging class of highly-targeted therapies such as cell and gene therapies, nucleic acid-based therapies, and others requiring viral vectors and lipid nanoparticles in their manufacture. The business offers tools, solutions and services to support biomanufacturers across their workflows from the earliest stages of process development to large scale commercial and turn-key manufacturing. The bioprocessing business offering includes cell line and cell culture media development services; cell culture media, process liquids and buffers for manufacturing, chromatography 
 4 

resins, filtration technologies, aseptic fill finish, as well as single-use hardware and consumables and services such as the design and installation of full manufacturing suites. The bioprocessing business offering in data connectivity and automation, advanced process training, process development services and equipment services for maintaining continuous performance, all help to ensure customers processes are optimized and compliant. Typical users of these products and services include pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies, translational medicine institutions, biotechnology companies and contract manufacturing organizations. 
 Discovery and Medical The discovery and medical business is a leading provider of solutions to accelerate biotherapeutic research and discovery through high quality sample preparation, and reliable diagnostic assays in addition to ensuring sterility and safety in medical liquids and gasses. The business provides solutions and technologies for: lab filtration, separation, and purification; lab-scale protein purification and analytical tools to support bio-molecular analysis, identification, and characterization; reagents, membranes and services for diagnostic and assay development; and healthcare filtration solutions for drug delivery and patient care that help minimize patient risk from viral infections in clinical settings. Typical users of these products include professionals in the areas of academic, translational and commercial research, medical diagnostics, clinical care and biopharmaceutical development. 
 Customers served by the Biotechnology segment select products based on several factors, including product quality and reliability, the product s capacity to enhance productivity and flexibility, innovation (particularly productivity and sensitivity improvements), product performance and ergonomics, access to an advanced technical expertise, service and support network and the other factors described under Competition. The businesses in Danaher s Biotechnology segment market their products and services under several key brands including CYTIVA and PALL. Manufacturing facilities are in North America, Europe, and Asia. The business sells to customers through direct sales personnel and independent distributors. 
 LIFE SCIENCES 
 The Life Sciences segment offers a broad range of instruments and consumables that are primarily used by customers to study the basic building blocks of life, including DNA and RNA, nucleic acid, proteins, metabolites and cells, in order to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies, and test and manufacture new drugs, vaccines and gene editing technologies. Additionally, the segment provides products and consumables used to filter and remove contaminants from a variety of liquids and gases in many end-market applications. Sales in 2022 for this segment by geographic destination (as a percentage of total 2022 sales) were: North America, 45 ; Western Europe, 20 ; other developed markets, 7 ; and high-growth markets, 28 . 
 Danaher established the life sciences business in 2005 through the acquisition of Leica Microsystems and has expanded the business through numerous subsequent acquisitions, including the acquisitions of AB Sciex and Molecular Devices in 2010, Beckman Coulter in 2011, Pall in 2015, Phenomenex in 2016, IDT in 2018 and Aldevron in 2021. 
 The Life Sciences segment consists of the following businesses: 
 Flow Cytometry, Genomics, Lab Automation, Centrifugation, Particle Counting and Characterization The business offers workflow instruments and consumables that help researchers analyze genomic, protein and cellular information. Key product areas include sample preparation equipment such as centrifugation and consumables; liquid handling automation instruments and associated consumables; flow cytometry instrumentation and associated antibodies and reagents; particle counting and characterization instrumentation; and genomic sample preparation. Researchers use these products to study biological function in the pursuit of basic research, as well as therapeutic and diagnostic development. Typical users include pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities, medical schools and research institutions and in some cases industrial manufacturers. 
 Mass Spectrometry The mass spectrometry business is a leading global provider of high-end mass spectrometers as well as related consumables, software and services. Mass spectrometry is a technique for identifying, analyzing and quantifying elements, chemical compounds and biological molecules, individually or in complex mixtures. The mass spectrometers utilize various combinations of quadrupole, time-of-flight and ion trap technologies. The business mass spectrometer systems and related products are used in numerous applications such as drug discovery and clinical development of therapeutics as well as in basic research, clinical testing, food and beverage quality testing and environmental testing. The business global services network provides implementation, validation, training and maintenance to support customer installations around the world. Typical users of these mass spectrometry and related products include molecular biologists, bioanalytical chemists, toxicologists and forensic scientists as well as quality assurance and quality control technicians. The business also provides high-performance bioanalytical measurement systems, including capillary electrophoresis instruments, associated reagents, software and services. Typical users of these capillary electrophoresis instruments and related products are bioanalytical chemists and quality control technicians engaged in the development and manufacture of new biotherapeutics. 
 5 

Microscopy The microscopy business is a leading global provider of professional microscopes designed to capture, manipulate and preserve images and enhance the user s visualization and analysis of microscopic structures. The Company s microscopy products include laser scanning (confocal) microscopes, compound microscopes and related equipment, surgical and other stereo microscopes and specimen preparation products for electron microscopy. Typical users of these products include research, medical and surgical professionals operating in research and pathology laboratories, academic settings and surgical theaters. 
 Industrial Filtration The filtration, separation and purification technologies business is a leading provider of products used to remove solid, liquid and gaseous contaminants from a variety of liquids and gases in industrial settings, primarily through the sale of filtration consumables and to a lesser extent systems that incorporate filtration consumables and associated hardware. The business core materials and technologies can be applied in many ways to solve complex fluid separation challenges and are sold across a wide array of applications. Virtually all of the raw materials, process fluids and waste streams that are found in industry are candidates for multiple stages of filtration, separation and purification. In addition, most of the machines used in complex production processes require filtration to protect sensitive parts from degradation due to contamination. The business technologies enhance the quality and efficiency of manufacturing processes and prolong equipment life in applications such as microelectronics, aircraft, oil refineries, power generation turbines, petrochemical plants and food and beverage plants. Within these segments, demand is driven by end-users and original equipment manufacturers seeking to improve product performance, increase production and efficiency, reduce operating costs, extend the life of their equipment, conserve water and meet environmental regulations. The business also serves the filtration needs of the food and beverage markets, helping customers ensure the quality and safety of their products while lowering operating costs and minimizing waste. 
 Genomic Consumables The genomic consumables businesses are leading providers of custom nucleic acid products for the life sciences industry, primarily through the manufacture of custom DNA and RNA oligonucleotides and gene fragments utilizing a proprietary manufacturing ecosystem. The businesses have developed proprietary technologies for genomics applications such as next generation sequencing, CRISPR genome editing, qPCR, and RNA interference. Additionally, the businesses are a leading manufacturer of high-quality plasmid DNA, RNA and proteins. These products are used in the research, development and manufacture of gene and cell therapies, DNA and RNA vaccines and gene editing technologies. Typical users of these products include professionals in the areas of academic and commercial research, agriculture, medical diagnostics, pharmaceutical development, biotechnology companies and research institutions across discovery, clinical and commercial applications. 
 Customers served by the Life Sciences segment select products based on a number of factors, including product quality and reliability, the product s capacity to enhance productivity, innovation (particularly productivity and sensitivity improvements), product performance and ergonomics, access to a service and support network and the other factors described under Competition. The businesses in Danaher s Life Sciences segment market their products and services under key brands including ALDEVRON, BECKMAN COULTER, IDT, LEICA MICROSYSTEMS, MOLECULAR DEVICES, PALL, PHENOMENEX and SCIEX. Manufacturing facilities are located in North America, Europe and Asia. The business sells to customers through direct sales personnel and independent distributors. 
 DIAGNOSTICS 
 The Diagnostics segment offers clinical instruments, reagents, consumables, software and services that hospitals, physicians offices, reference laboratories and other critical care settings use to diagnose disease and make treatment decisions. Sales in 2022 for this segment by geographic destination (as a percentage of total 2022 sales) were: North America, 51 ; Western Europe, 17 ; other developed markets, 4 ; and high-growth markets, 28 . 
 Danaher established the diagnostics business in 2004 through the acquisition of Radiometer and expanded the business through numerous subsequent acquisitions, including the acquisitions of Vision Systems in 2006, Beckman Coulter in 2011, Iris International and Aperio Technologies in 2012, HemoCue in 2013, Devicor Medical Products in 2014, the clinical microbiology business of Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics in 2015 and Cepheid in 2016. The Diagnostics segment consists of the following businesses: 
 Core Lab - Clinical The core lab-clinical business is a leading manufacturer and marketer of biomedical testing instruments, systems and related consumables that are used to evaluate and analyze samples made up of body fluids and cells. The information generated is used to diagnose disease, monitor and guide treatment and therapy, assist in managing chronic disease and assess patient status in hospital, outpatient and physicians office settings. The business offers the following products. 
 Chemistry systems use electrochemical detection and chemical reactions with patient samples to detect and quantify substances of diagnostic interest in blood, urine and other body fluids. Commonly performed tests include glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, electrolytes, proteins and enzymes, as well as tests to detect urinary tract infections and kidney and bladder disease. 
 6 

Immunoassay systems also detect and quantify biochemicals of diagnostic interest (such as proteins and hormones) in body fluids, particularly in circumstances where more specialized diagnosis is required. Commonly performed immunoassay tests assess thyroid function, screen and monitor for cancer and cardiac risk and provide important information in fertility and reproductive testing. 
 Hematology products are used for cellular analysis. The business hematology systems use principles of physics, optics, electronics and chemistry to separate and interrogate cells of diagnostic interest and then characterize and quantify them, allowing clinicians to study formed elements in blood (such as red and white blood cells and platelets). 
 Microbiology systems are used for the identification of bacteria and antibiotic susceptibility testing (ID/AST) from human clinical samples. These systems detect and quantify bacteria related to microbial infections in urine, blood, and other body fluids, and also detect infections such as urinary tract infections, pneumonia and wound infections. The business technology enables direct testing of clinical isolates to ensure reliable detection of resistance to antibiotics. 
 Automation systems reduce manual operation and associated cost and errors from the pre-analytical through post-analytical stages, including sample barcoding/information tracking, centrifugation, aliquoting, storage and conveyance. These systems, along with the analyzers described above, are controlled through laboratory-level software that enables laboratory managers to monitor samples, results and lab efficiency. 
 Typical users of the segment s core lab products include hospitals, physician s offices, reference laboratories and pharmaceutical clinical trial laboratories. 
 Molecular Diagnostics The molecular diagnostics business is a leading provider of biomedical testing instruments, systems and related consumables that enable DNA-based testing for organisms and genetic-based diseases in both clinical and non-clinical markets. These products integrate and automate the complicated and time-intensive steps associated with DNA-based testing (including sample preparation and DNA amplification and detection) to allow the testing to be performed in both laboratory and non-laboratory environments with minimal training and infrastructure. These products also include systems which commonly test for health care-associated infections, respiratory disease, sexual health and virology. 
 Acute Care Diagnostics The acute care diagnostics business is a leading worldwide provider of instruments, software and related consumables and services that are used in both laboratory and point-of-care environments to rapidly measure critical parameters, including blood gases, electrolytes, metabolites and cardiac markers, as well as for anemia and high-sensitivity glucose testing. Typical users of these products include hospital central laboratories, intensive care units, hospital operating rooms, hospital emergency rooms, physician s office laboratories and blood banks. 
 Pathology Diagnostics The pathology diagnostics business is a leader in the anatomical pathology industry, offering a comprehensive suite of instrumentation and related consumables used across the entire workflow of a pathology laboratory. The anatomical pathology diagnostics products include chemical and immuno-staining instruments, reagents, antibodies and consumables; tissue embedding, processing and slicing (microtomes) instruments and related reagents and consumables; slide cover-slipping and slide/cassette marking instruments; imaging instrumentation including slide scanners, microscopes and cameras; software solutions to store, share and analyze pathology images digitally; and minimally invasive, vacuum-assisted breast biopsy and lesion excision instruments and breast surgery localization solutions. Typical users of these products include pathologists, lab managers and researchers. 
 Customers in the diagnostics industry select products based on a number of factors, including product quality and reliability, the scope of tests that can be performed, the accuracy and speed of the product, the product s ability to enhance productivity, ease of use, total cost of ownership and access to a highly qualified service and support network as well as the other factors described under Competition. The businesses in Danaher s Diagnostics segment market their products and services under key brands including BECKMAN COULTER, CEPHEID, HEMOCUE, LEICA BIOSYSTEMS, MAMMATOME and RADIOMETER. Manufacturing facilities are located in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. The business sells to customers primarily through direct sales personnel and, to a lesser extent, through independent distributors. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL APPLIED SOLUTIONS 
 In September 2022, the Company announced its intention to spin-off its Environmental Applied Solutions business into a publicly traded company. The transaction is expected to be tax-free to the Company s shareholders. The Company is targeting to complete the EAS Separation in the fourth quarter of 2023, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including obtaining final approval from the Danaher Board of Directors, satisfactory completion of financing, receipt of tax opinions, receipt of favorable rulings from the Internal Revenue Service IRS and receipt of other regulatory approvals. 
 The Environmental Applied Solutions segment offers products and services that help protect precious resources and keep global food and water supplies safe. Sales in 2022 for this segment by geographic destination (as a percentage of total 2022 
 7 

sales) were: North America, 46 ; Western Europe, 22 ; other developed markets, 3 ; and high-growth markets, 29 . The Company s Environmental Applied Solutions segment consists of the following businesses: 
 Water Quality The Company s water quality business is a leading provider of instrumentation, consumables, software, services and disinfection systems to help analyze, treat and manage the quality of ultra-pure, potable, industrial, waste, ground, source and ocean water in residential, commercial, municipal, industrial and natural resource applications. Danaher entered the water quality sector in the late 1990 s through the acquisitions of Dr. Lange and Hach Company and has enhanced the geographic coverage and capabilities of its products and services through subsequent acquisitions, including the acquisition of Trojan Technologies Inc. in 2004 and ChemTreat, Inc. in 2007. The water quality business designs, manufactures and markets: 
 a wide range of analytical instruments, related consumables, software and services that detect and measure chemical, physical and microbiological parameters in ultra-pure, potable, industrial, waste, municipal, ground, source and ocean water; 
 chemical treatment solutions intended to address corrosion, scaling and biological growth problems in boiler, cooling water and wastewater applications as well as associated analytical services, primarily in applied and industrial end markets; and 
 ultraviolet disinfection systems, consumables and services, which disinfect billions of gallons of municipal, industrial and consumer water every day. 
 Typical users of these products and services include professionals in municipal drinking water and wastewater treatment plants, industrial process and discharge water facilities, wastewater treatment facilities, third-party testing laboratories and environmental operations. Customers in these industries choose suppliers based on a number of factors including the customer s existing supplier relationships, application expertise, product performance and ease of use, the comprehensiveness of the supplier s solutions offering, after-sales service and support and the other factors described under Competition. The Company s water quality businesses provide products under a variety of key brands, including AQUATIC INFORMATICS, CHEMTREAT, HACH, MCCROMETER, OTT HYDROMET, SEA-BIRD and TROJAN TECHNOLOGIES. Manufacturing facilities are primarily located in North America, Europe and Asia. Sales are made through the business direct sales personnel, e-commerce, independent representatives and independent distributors. 
 Product Identification The Company s product identification business is a leading provider of printers, instruments, software, services and consumables for various color and appearance management, packaging design and quality management, packaging converting, printing, marking, coding and traceability applications for consumer, pharmaceutical and industrial products. Danaher entered the product identification market through the acquisition of Videojet in 2002, and has expanded the product and geographic coverage through various subsequent acquisitions, including the acquisitions of EskoArtwork in 2011 and X-Rite in 2012. The product identification business designs, manufactures and markets: 
 printers, consumables and solutions used to give products unique identities by printing date, lot and bar codes and other information on primary and secondary packaging, applying high-quality alphanumeric codes, logos and graphics to a wide range of surfaces at a variety of production line speeds, angles and locations on a product or package. Its vision inspection and track-and-trace solutions also help pharmaceutical and consumer goods manufacturers safeguard the authenticity of their products through supply chains. 
 software for online collaboration, three-dimensional virtualization, workflow automation, quality approvals and prepress processes to manage structural design, artwork creation, color and product information for branded packaging and marketing materials. Its packaging solutions help consumer goods manufacturers improve their business processes, shorten time to market and reduce costs across internal departments and external suppliers. 
 innovative color and appearance solutions through standards, software, measurement devices and related services. The business expertise in inspiring, virtualizing, selecting, specifying, formulating and measuring color and appearance helps users improve the quality and relevance of their products and reduce costs. 
 flexographic computer-to-plate imaging equipment, solutions for print process control, press control and quality assurance systems for the packaging, labels and commercial print industries. Its automation, print process and press control solutions help packaging manufacturers reduce lead time and satisfy their customers demands for smaller, more frequent print jobs. 
 Typical users of these products include manufacturers of consumer goods, pharmaceuticals, paints, plastics and textiles, retailers, graphic design firms and packaging printers and converters. Customers in these industries choose suppliers based on a number of factors, including domain experience, speed and accuracy, ease of connection to the internet and other software 
 8 

systems, equipment uptime and reliable operation without interruption, ease of maintenance, service coverage and the other factors described under Competition. The product identification business products are primarily marketed under key brands including AVT, ESKO, LAETUS, LINX, PANTONE, VIDEOJET and X-RITE. Manufacturing and software development facilities are located in North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia. Sales are generally made through the business direct sales personnel, independent distributors and e-commerce. 

The following discussion includes information common to all of Danaher s segments. 
 Materials 
 The Company s manufacturing operations employ a wide variety of raw materials, including metallic-based components, electronic components, chemistries, OEM products, plastics and other petroleum-based products. Prices of oil and gas also affect the Company s costs for freight and utilities and also have an indirect impact on the cost of other purchased materials. While the price of, and global instability with respect to the supply of, oil and gas did not materially, adversely affect the Company s operations in 2022, the Company is continuing to monitor the oil and gas commodity markets and will seek to mitigate price and/or availability risks as needed. The Company purchases raw materials from a large number of independent sources around the world. No single supplier is material, although for some components that require particular specifications or regulatory or other qualifications there may be a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers that can readily provide such components. The Company utilizes a number of techniques to address potential disruption in and other risks relating to its supply chain, including in certain cases the use of safety stock, alternative materials and qualification of multiple supply sources. 
 The supply chain disruptions that began in 2021 for a number of our businesses continued in 2022 (including in some cases shortages of supply, cost inflation and shipping delays), as well as labor availability constraints and labor cost increases. Through the application of DBS tools and processes (including the implementation of price increases), the Company largely mitigated the impact of these pressures on the Company s profitability and as a result these pressures did not have a material, adverse effect on the business in 2022. These pressures continue to varying degrees as of the date of this Annual Report. We are continuing to work with our suppliers to understand the existing and potential future impacts of these trends on our supply chain and we continue to take actions in an effort to mitigate such impacts, including purchasing components in the open market and qualifying additional suppliers. Due to the uncertainty regarding the duration and impact of these trends in 2023, there can be no assurance that these factors will not have an adverse impact on our business and financial statements in the future. For a further discussion of risks related to the materials and components required for the Company s operations, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Russia-Ukraine Conflict 
 In response to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, in addition to suspending sales prohibited by sanctions, the Company has suspended the shipment of products to Russia with the exception of products for the purposes of diagnosing and treating patients and producing vaccines and therapeutics. In the first quarter of 2022, the Company recorded a pretax charge of 43 million, primarily related to the impairment of accounts receivable and inventory, as well as accruals for contractual obligations related to Russian operations. Russia has significantly reduced the export of natural gas to Europe, creating upward pressure on natural gas prices and a reduced supply of natural gas. If this trend continues, the Company s European manufacturing facilities could face increased costs and risks of production disruptions. The Company s European customers and suppliers could experience similar adverse impacts, which could further adversely impact the Company s supply chain and also adversely impact the demand for its products. The Company will continue monitoring the military, social, political, regulatory and economic environment in Ukraine and Russia and its broader impacts, and will consider further actions as appropriate. For a discussion of risks related to the Company s operations as a result of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Intellectual Property 
 The Company owns numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and licenses to intellectual property owned by others. Although in aggregate the Company s intellectual property is important to its operations, the Company does not consider any single patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or license (or any related group of any such items) to be of material importance to any segment or to the business as a whole. From time to time the Company engages in litigation to protect its intellectual property rights. For a discussion of risks related to the Company s intellectual property, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. All capitalized brands and product names throughout this document are trademarks owned by, or licensed to, Danaher. 
 9 

Competition 
 Although the Company s businesses generally operate in highly competitive markets, the Company s competitive position cannot be determined accurately in the aggregate or by segment since none of its competitors offer all of the same product and service lines or serve all of the same markets as the Company, or any of its segments, does. Because of the range of the products and services the Company sells and the variety of markets it serves, the Company encounters a wide variety of competitors, including well-established regional competitors, competitors who are more specialized than it is in particular markets, as well as large companies or divisions of large companies with substantial sales, marketing, research and financial capabilities. The Company is facing increased competition in a number of its served markets as a result of the entry of well-resourced companies into certain markets, the entry of competitors based in low-cost manufacturing locations, the development of competitive technologies by early-stage and emerging companies and increasing consolidation in particular markets. The number of competitors varies by product and service line. Management believes that the Company has a leadership position in many of the markets it serves. Key competitive factors vary among the Company s businesses and product and service lines, but include the specific factors noted above with respect to each particular business and typically also include price, quality and safety, performance, delivery speed, application expertise, service and support, technology and innovation, distribution network, breadth of product, service and software offerings and brand name recognition. For a discussion of risks related to competition, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 81,000 employees (whom we refer to as associates ), of whom approximately 32,000 were employed in the North America, 25,000 in Western Europe, 3,000 in other developed markets and 21,000 in high-growth markets. Approximately 79,000 of the Company s total employees were full-time and 2,000 were part-time employees. Of the United States employees, approximately 400 were hourly-rated, unionized employees. Outside the United States, the Company has government-mandated collective bargaining arrangements and union contracts in certain countries, particularly in Europe where many of the Company s employees are represented by unions and/or works councils. 
 Danaher is committed to attracting, developing, engaging and retaining the best people from around the world to sustain and grow our science and technology leadership. As noted above, Consistently attracting and retaining exceptional talent is one of our three strategic priorities and The Best Team Wins is one of our five Core Values, reflecting the critical role our human capital plays in supporting our strategy. Our human capital strategy spans multiple, key dimensions, including the following: 
 Culture and Governance 
 Our culture is rooted in DBS and in our Shared Purpose, Helping Realize Life s Potential . At its core, DBS reflects a commitment to use process to continuously improve every aspect of our business. Our Shared Purpose gives meaning and direction to our continuous improvement. 
 Danaher s Board of Directors reviews the Company s human capital strategy annually and at other times during the year in connection with significant initiatives and acquisitions, supported by the Compensation Committee s oversight of our executive and equity compensation programs. At the management level, our Senior Vice President of Human Resources, who reports directly to our President and CEO, is responsible for the development and execution of the Company s human capital strategy. 
 Recruitment 
 As part of our commitment to the Core Value The Best Team Wins , we focus on identifying, attracting and recruiting diverse talent to meet our current and future business needs. We have invested in comprehensive talent acquisition capabilities across all levels of recruitment (including robust branding, labor market analytics, advanced sourcing tools, leading technology and streamlined processes). Our diversity attraction efforts are an important component of our overall talent acquisition strategy and focus on: (1) establishing and fostering partnerships with diverse organizations, and (2) effectively sourcing diverse talent. 
 Engagement 
 General . Our engagement strategy focuses on developing the best workplace and best people leaders to meet our associates needs every day. Further, we believe that better associate engagement helps enable better retention and better business performance. We assess our engagement performance through our annual Associate Engagement Survey, which addresses engagement, direct supervisor effectiveness, behavior change and performance enablement, as well as through our voluntary turnover rate. 
 10 

D + I . We seek to continuously improve and sustain a diverse and inclusive culture free of systemic bias and where all associates feel they belong. We believe a diverse workforce and culture of inclusion is essential to drive innovation, fuel growth and help ensure our technologies and products effectively serve a global customer base. Danaher s Office of Diversity + Inclusion is led by our Vice President of Global Diversity + Inclusion, who is responsible for the execution of Danaher s D+I strategy and reports to Danaher s Senior Vice President of Human Resources. Both serve on the Danaher Diversity + Inclusion Council along with executives who lead our businesses. The D+I Council is responsible for overseeing Danaher s D+I strategic direction; creating D+I accountability measures; and operationalizing D+I initiatives and programming across our businesses. 
 We have leveraged DBS with the goal of driving progress on diversity representation and inclusive culture, including by requiring all of our operating companies to implement a D+I Policy Deployment initiative in each of 2021, 2022 and 2023. Our D+I initiatives focus on broadening our candidate pools, sourcing diverse slates in the hiring process, developing people leaders competency in and accountability for D+I and implementing and sustaining programs (such as our Associate Resource Groups for Women, Black, Latinx, LGBTQ and Asian descent associates and friends/allies) that offer mentorship, support and engagement to help our associates succeed and thrive. As of December 31, 2022, (1) 38 of our total associates were female and females represented 32 , 34 and 39 of our executives/senior leaders, managers and individual contributors, respectively; and (2) 41 of our total U.S. associates were People of Color and People of Color represented 24 , 31 and 43 of our U.S. executives/senior leaders, managers and individual contributors, respectively. 
 In support of our D+I commitment, we conduct regular pay reviews from a race (in the United States) and gender (globally) perspective that serve to proactively identify and address potential pay differences. In 2020 we achieved base pay equity for women and for racial and ethnic minorities in the U.S. and in 2021 expanded the U.S. analysis to include both base pay and short-term incentive compensation. 
 Retention 
 Compensation and Benefits . We are committed to offering competitive compensation and benefits, tailored in form and amount to geography, industry, experience and performance and designed to attract associates, motivate and reward performance, drive growth and support retention. We have a common job architecture across our businesses to provide a standardized framework for defining jobs, job families, and career levels, and set market-aligned pay structures for each career level (adjusted as appropriate for the particular job family, industry, and geography) based on a range of compensation surveys. 
 Performance Management . Performance for Growth P4G ), our annual performance management program, supports our high-performance culture by seeking to ensure that high-performing associates are recognized and rewarded for their contributions. P4G guides associates and their managers in setting clear personal performance goals aligned to our strategic priorities. Annual reviews under the program assess performance against these formal, annual objectives and against our Core Behaviors. 
 Talent Development and Career Mobility . Our talent development program (which is generally structured to consist of 70 on-the-job learning, 20 coaching and mentoring and 10 formal training) strives to provide every associate with appropriate development opportunities. In particular, we make available to people leaders at every level training, coaching and developmental resources to help them be effective leaders and advance their careers. We further encourage internal promotion and mobility through our Danaher Go program, which makes open positions throughout the organization visible to associates and proactively encourages our associates to seek promotional opportunities. We assess our performance in this area using metrics including internal fill rate (which tracks the percentages of open roles at particular levels filled by our own associates) as well as the percentage of eligible associates with completed talent assessments/career plans. 
 Safety and Risk Management. Associate safety is deeply embedded in our culture. Our Environment, Health and Safety EHS Policy establishes the core principles upon which our EHS management programs are built, and associates use our DBS-based 4E toolkit to identify, assess and control hazards related to ergonomics, energetics, exposures and environment. In addition, we evaluate and manage risks relating to our human capital strategy as part of Danaher s enterprise risk management program. Key quantitative measures that we use to assess performance in this category include total recordable incident rate (defined as the number of work-related injuries or illness cases serious enough to require treatment beyond first aid, per 
 11 

100 associates) and days away, restricted or transferred (defined as the number of work-related injuries or illness cases that result in an employee working with physical restrictions, being away from work or unable to do their job or transferring to other work, per 100 associates). 
 The health and well-being of our associates has been a key area of focus in our response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We launched a global Employee Assistance Program in 2020 to ensure a consistent support structure for mental health and well-being across the Company and have since expanded the program to provide enhanced support with respect to childcare, eldercare and tutoring, among other areas. In the United States, we have provided benefits beyond the requirements of the Families First Act, for example by extending our leave policy to cover elder care and providing for voluntary leaves even in certain circumstances not required by the law. We have also implemented safety precautions on a facility-specific basis. 
 
 Research and Development R D 
 The Company conducts R D activities for the purpose of developing new products, enhancing the functionality, effectiveness, ease of use and reliability of its existing products and expanding the applications for which uses of its products are appropriate. The Company s R D efforts include internal initiatives and those that use licensed or acquired technology, and we work with a number of leading research institutions, universities and clinicians around the world to develop, evaluate and clinically test our products. The Company conducts R D activities primarily in North America, Europe and Asia and generally on a business-by-business basis. The Company anticipates that it will continue to make significant expenditures for R D as it seeks to provide a continuing flow of innovative products and services to maintain and improve its competitive position. For a discussion of the risks related to the need to develop and commercialize new products and product enhancements, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Government Contracts 
 Although the substantial majority of the Company s revenue in 2022 was from customers other than governmental entities, each of Danaher s segments has agreements relating to the sale of products to government entities. As a result, the Company is subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with governments. For a discussion of risks related to government contracting requirements, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. No material portion of Danaher s business is subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts at the election of a government entity. 
 Regulatory Matters 
 The Company faces extensive government regulation both within and outside the United States relating to the development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of its products and services. The following sections describe certain significant regulations that the Company is subject to. These are not the only regulations that the Company s businesses must comply with. For a description of the risks related to the regulations that the Company s businesses are subject to, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Medical Device Regulations 
 Many of our products are classified as medical devices and are subject to restrictions under domestic and foreign laws, rules, regulations, self-regulatory codes, circulars and orders, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA ). The FDCA requires these products, when sold in the United States, to be safe and effective for their intended uses and to comply with the regulations administered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). The FDA regulates the design, development, research, preclinical and clinical testing, introduction, manufacture, advertising, labeling, packaging, marketing, distribution, import and export and record keeping for such products. Many medical device products are also regulated by comparable agencies in non-U.S. countries in which they are produced or sold. 
 Unless an exemption applies, the FDA requires that a manufacturer introducing a new medical device or a new indication for use of an existing medical device obtain either a Section 510(k) premarket notification clearance or a premarket approval PMA before introducing it into the U.S. market. The type of marketing authorization is generally linked to the classification of the device. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes (Class I, II or III) based on the degree of risk the FDA determines to be associated with a device and the level of regulatory control deemed necessary to ensure the device s safety and effectiveness. 
 The process of obtaining a Section 510(k) clearance generally requires the submission of performance data and clinical data, which in some cases can be extensive, to demonstrate that the device is substantially equivalent to a device that was on the market before 1976 or to a device that has been found by the FDA to be substantially equivalent to such a pre-1976 device. A predecessor device is referred to as predicate device. As a result, FDA clearance requirements may extend the development process for a considerable length of time. 
 12 

Medical devices can be marketed only for the indications for which they are cleared or approved. After a device has received 510(k) clearance for a specific intended use, any change or modification that significantly affects its safety or effectiveness, such as a significant change in the design, materials, method of manufacture or intended use, may require a new 510(k) clearance or PMA approval and payment of an FDA user fee. The determination as to whether or not a modification could significantly affect the device s safety or effectiveness is initially left to the manufacturer using available FDA guidance; however, the FDA may review this determination to evaluate the regulatory status of the modified product at any time and may require the manufacturer to cease marketing and recall the modified device until the required 510(k) clearance or PMA approval is obtained. 
 Any medical devices we manufacture and distribute are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and certain state and non-U.S. agencies. These include product listing and establishment registration requirements, which help facilitate inspections and other regulatory actions. As a medical device manufacturer, our manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection on a routine basis by the FDA. We are required to adhere to the Current Good Manufacturing Practices CGMP requirements, as set forth in the Quality Systems Regulation QSR ), which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all phases of the design and manufacturing process. 
 We must also comply with post-market surveillance regulations, including medical device reporting MDR requirements which require that we review and report to the FDA any incident in which our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury. We must also report any incident in which our product has malfunctioned if that malfunction would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. 
 Labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain circumstances, by the Federal Trade Commission FTC (and similar regulators in other jurisdictions). Medical devices approved or cleared by the FDA may not be promoted for unapproved or uncleared uses, otherwise known as off-label promotion. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. 
 In the European Union EU ), our products are subject to the medical device and in vitro medical device laws of the various member states, which for many years were based on Directives of the European Commission. However, in May 2017, the EU adopted new, formal regulations to replace such Directives; specifically, the EU Medical Device Regulation (the EU MDR and In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (the EU IVDR ), each of which imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices and in vitro devices, including in the area of clinical evaluation requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance. The EU regulations were adopted with staggered transitional periods that have since been updated. In January 2023, the European Commission endorsed a proposal to extend the original compliance dates for both MDR and EU IVDR, subject to approval by the European Parliament and European Council. The proposal would extend the current MDR transitional period deadline of May 2024 to 2027 or 2028, based upon the risk class of the device. The EU IVDR became fully applicable in May 2022, with transition periods for certain classes of in vitro diagnostic devices extending until 2027 and the EU Commission is considering additional extensions to the EU IVDR deadlines. Regulatory requirements in the United Kingdom UK are also changing as a result of Brexit (the UK s withdrawal from the EU), and regulatory requirements in Switzerland are changing as a result of the country s withdrawal from its Mutual Recognition Agreement with the EU Commission. Complying with the EU MDR, EU IVDR and the evolving regulatory regimes in the UK and Switzerland requires modifications to our quality management systems, additional resources in certain functions and updates to technical files, among other changes, which has not and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial results. 
 Other Healthcare Laws 
 We are also subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and various health care related laws regulating fraud and abuse, research and development, pricing and sales and marketing practices, and the privacy and security of health information, including the U.S. federal regulations described below. Many states, foreign countries and supranational bodies have also adopted laws and regulations similar to, and in some cases more stringent than, the U.S. federal regulations discussed above and below, including the UK Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws. 
 Many of our healthcare-related products are purchased by healthcare providers that typically bill various third-party payers, such as governmental healthcare programs (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid and comparable non-U.S. programs), private insurance plans and managed care plans, for the healthcare services provided to their patients. The ability of our customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for products and services from third-party payers is critical because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. As a result, many of our healthcare-related products are subject to regulation regarding quality and cost by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), as well as comparable state and non-U.S. agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of healthcare goods and services, including 
 13 

laws and regulations related to kickbacks, false claims, self-referrals and healthcare fraud. Third-party payers are increasingly reducing reimbursements for medical products and services and, in international markets, many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. Price ceilings, decreases in third-party reimbursement for any product or a decision by a third-party payor not to cover a product could reduce usage and patient demand for the product. 
 The U.S. Federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration (including any kickback or bribe), directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made in whole or in part under a federal health care program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA prohibits knowingly and willfully (1) executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program, including private payors, or (2) falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. In addition, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, also restricts the use and disclosure of patient identifiable health information, mandates the adoption of standards relating to the privacy and security of patient identifiable health information and requires the reporting of certain security breaches with respect to such information. Similar to the U.S. Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the healthcare fraud statute implemented under HIPAA or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 The False Claims Act imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal health care program, knowingly makes, uses or causes to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or knowingly makes a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. The qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act allow a private individual to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging that the defendant has submitted a false claim to the federal government, and to share in any monetary recovery. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. Federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act. 
 The federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law prohibits, among other things, the offering or transferring of remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular supplier of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services. 
 The Open Payments Act requires manufacturers of medical devices covered under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (subject to certain exceptions) to record payments and other transfers of value to a broad range of healthcare providers and teaching hospitals and to report this data as well as ownership and investment interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members to HHS for subsequent public disclosure. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level, and an increasing number of countries either have adopted or are considering similar laws requiring transparency of interactions with health care professionals. 
 In addition, some of the in vitro diagnostic drugs-of-abuse assays and reagents sold by the Company s subsidiaries contain small amounts of controlled substances, and as a result some of the Company s facilities are inspected periodically by the United States Drug Enforcement Administration to assess whether the Company properly handles, stores and disposes of controlled substances in the manufacture of those products. 
 Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. Analogous U.S. state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, also may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers. Further, there are state laws that require medical device manufacturers to comply with the voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; state and local laws requiring the registration of sales representatives; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA. 
 14 

For a discussion of risks related to regulation by the FDA and comparable agencies of other countries, and the other regulatory regimes referenced above, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Healthcare Reform 
 In the U.S. and certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system. There is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality or expanding access. For example, in the United States, in March 2010, the U.S. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act) (collectively, the PPACA was signed into law, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers and significantly affected the healthcare industry. Since its enactment, there have been judicial, Congressional and executive challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA, and there may be additional challenges and amendments to the PPACA in the future. 
 Moreover, there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted legislation designed, among other things, to bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for medical products. Individual states in the U.S. have also become increasingly active in implementing regulations designed to control product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures and, in some cases, mechanisms to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 Data Privacy and Security Laws 
 As a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR imposes significant restrictions on how we collect, transmit, process and retain personal data, including, among other things, in certain circumstances a requirement for almost immediate notice of data breaches to supervisory authorities with significant fines for non-compliance. In the U.S., HIPAA privacy and security rules require certain of our operations to maintain controls to protect the availability and confidentiality of patient health information, individual states regulate data breach and security requirements, and multiple governmental bodies assert authority over aspects of the protection of personal privacy. State privacy laws in California impose some of the same features as the GDPR and have prompted several other states to enact similar laws. Additionally, a bipartisan bill under consideration in Congress would, if adopted, impose broad privacy requirements at the federal level. Several other countries such as China and Russia have passed, and other countries are considering passing, privacy laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers or impose significant restrictions on data transfer. For a discussion of risks related to these laws, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Environmental Laws and Regulations 
 For a discussion of the environmental laws and regulations that the Company s operations, products and services are subject to and other environmental contingencies, refer to Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. For a discussion of risks related to compliance with environmental and health and safety laws and risks related to past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Antitrust Laws 
 The U.S. federal government, most U.S. states and many other countries have laws that prohibit certain types of conduct deemed to be anti-competitive. Violations of these laws can result in various sanctions, including criminal and civil penalties. Private plaintiffs also could bring civil lawsuits against us in the United States for alleged antitrust law violations, including claims for treble damages. 
 Export/Import Compliance 
 The Company is required to comply with various U.S. export/import control and economic sanctions laws, including: 
 the International Traffic in Arms Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, which, among other things, imposes license requirements on the export from the United States of defense articles and defense services listed on the U.S. Munitions List; 
 15 

the Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, which, among other things, impose licensing requirements on the export, in-country transfer and re-export of certain dual-use goods, technology and software (which are items that have both commercial and military, or proliferation applications); 
 the regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, which implement economic sanctions imposed against designated countries, governments and persons based on United States foreign policy and national security considerations; and 
 the import regulatory activities of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other U.S. government agencies. 
 Other nations governments have implemented similar export/import control and economic sanction regulations, which may affect the Company s operations or transactions subject to their jurisdictions. 
 In addition, under U.S. laws and regulations, U.S. companies and their subsidiaries and affiliates outside the U.S. are prohibited from participating or agreeing to participate in unsanctioned foreign boycotts in connection with certain business activities, including the sale, purchase, transfer, shipping or financing of goods or services within the U.S. or between the U.S. and other countries. If we, or third parties through which we sell or provide goods or services, violate anti-boycott laws and regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal enforcement action and varying degrees of liability. 
 For a discussion of risks related to export/import control and economic sanctions laws, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

International Operations 
 The Company s products and services are available worldwide, and its principal markets outside the U.S. are in Europe and Asia. The Company also has operations around the world, and this geographic diversity allows the Company to draw on the skills of a worldwide workforce, provides greater stability to its operations, allows the Company to drive economies of scale, provides revenue streams that may help offset economic trends that are specific to individual economies and offers the Company an opportunity to access new markets for products. In addition, the Company believes that future growth depends in part on its ability to continue developing products and sales models that successfully target high-growth markets. 
 The manner in which the Company s products and services are sold outside the U.S. differs by business and by region. Most of the Company s sales in non-U.S. markets are made by its subsidiaries located outside the U.S., though the Company also sells directly from the U.S. into non-U.S. markets through various representatives and distributors and, in some cases, directly. In countries with low sales volumes, the Company generally sells through representatives and distributors. 
 Information about the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on the Company s business is set forth in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A included in this Annual Report. For a discussion of risks related to the Company s non-U.S. operations and foreign currency exchange, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Sustainability 
 The Company views sustainability as a fundamental responsibility and a strategic priority. Our sustainability strategy is to help generations of our stakeholders realize life s potential by innovating products that improve lives and our planet, building the best team, and protecting our environment. This strategy aligns with Danaher s Shared Purpose and Core Values, as well as key UN Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) under the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. Our sustainability strategy is also informed by and grounded in the feedback we continually solicit from our stakeholders, including our regular sustainability prioritization assessments. Within each of the strategic elements of our sustainability program referenced above, where feasible and appropriate, we seek to quantify our performance and set goals to encourage continuous improvement. 
 Available Information 
 The Company maintains an internet website at www.danaher.com. The Company makes available free of charge on the website its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material with, or furnishing such material to, the SEC. Danaher s internet site and the information contained on or connected to that site are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 
 16 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. We have identified the risks and uncertainties described below as material, but they are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns including pandemics, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business and financial statements, including our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, and our stock price. 
 Business and Strategic Risks 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and could in the future continue to adversely impact certain elements of our business and our financial statements. 
 Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such as COVID-19. The global spread of COVID-19 led to unprecedented restrictions on, and disruptions in, business and personal activities, including as a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses, our communities and governments undertook to mitigate the spread. The direct impact of COVID-19 and the preventive measures implemented as a result thereof adversely affected certain elements of our Company (including to a different degree our operations, commercial organizations, supply chains and distribution systems). Please see Item 7 - MD A for a discussion of how COVID-19 impacted our results of operations in 2022. While the direct impact of COVID-19 and many of the preventive measures moderated in 2022, any resurgence of COVID-19 (or the outbreak of any other epidemic or pandemic) or the reinstatement of similar preventive measures in the future could negatively impact the economies and financial markets of the world and our businesses and financial statements. 
 The Company deployed its capabilities, expertise and scale to address critical health needs related to COVID-19, including developing and making available diagnostic tests for the rapid detection of COVID-19 as well as providing critical support to firms developing and producing vaccines and therapies for COVID-19. Please see Item 7. MD A for a discussion of the Company products used in the fight against COVID-19. As COVID-19 and the preventive measures related thereto have moderated, demand for the Company s COVID-19 related products has moderated as well. The duration and extent of future demand for our products supporting COVID-19 testing and for our products related to developing and producing vaccines and therapies for COVID-19 is uncertain and depends on multiple factors, including the extent to which COVID-19 persists in endemic form. Declines in demand for our COVID-19 related products that are unanticipated in timing or magnitude could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Conditions in the global economy, the particular markets we serve and the financial markets can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Our business is sensitive to general economic conditions. Slower economic growth in the domestic and/or international markets, inflation, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt, volatility in the currency and credit markets, high levels of unemployment or underemployment, labor availability constraints, reduced levels of capital expenditures, changes or anticipation of potential changes in government trade, fiscal, tax and monetary policies, changes in capital requirements for financial institutions, government budget negotiation dynamics, sequestration, austerity measures and other challenges that affect economies of the world have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the Company and its distributors, customers and suppliers, including having the effect of: 
 reducing demand for our products and services (in this Annual Report, references to products and services also includes software), limiting the financing available to our customers and suppliers, increasing order cancellations and resulting in longer sales cycles and slower adoption of new technologies; 
 increasing the difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and the risk of excess and obsolete inventories; 
 increasing price competition in our served markets; 
 supply interruptions, delays or cost increases, which can disrupt our ability to produce or deliver our products and/or increase our costs; 
 increasing the risk of impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets, and the risk that we may not be able to fully recover the value of other assets such as real estate and tax assets; 
 17 

increasing the risk that counterparties to our contractual arrangements will become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their contractual obligations which, in addition to increasing the risks identified above, could result in preference actions against us; and 
 adversely impacting market sizes and growth rates. 
 If growth in any key economy of the world or in any of the markets we serve slows for a significant period, if there is significant deterioration in any such economy or such markets or if economic improvements do not benefit the markets we serve, our business and financial statements can be adversely affected. 
 We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Even if we compete effectively, we may be required to reduce the prices we charge. 
 Our businesses operate in industries that are intensely competitive and have been subject to increasing consolidation. Because of the range of the products and services we sell and the variety of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors; refer to Item 1. Business Competition for additional details. In order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories and penetrating new markets, including high-growth markets. Our ability to compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements (for example increased demand for products incorporating digital capabilities or more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices) as well as changes in the way healthcare services are delivered (including the movement of some care from acute to non-acute settings and increased focus on chronic disease management). Cost containment efforts by governments and the private sector, particularly in the healthcare industry, are also resulting in increased emphasis on products that reduce costs and improve efficiency and effectiveness. In addition, significant shifts in industry market share have occurred and may in the future occur in connection with product problems, safety alerts and publications about products, reflecting the competitive significance of product quality, product efficacy and quality systems in our industry. Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our business and financial statements, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. In addition, the Company s competitors and customers have from time to time introduced, and may in the future introduce, private label, generic or low-cost products that compete with the Company s products at lower price points. New, disruptive technologies may emerge that displace the Company s existing technologies. Competitors products can capture significant market share or lead to a decrease in market prices overall, resulting in an adverse effect on the Company s business and financial statements. 
 Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. 
 We generally sell our products and services in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions and changing industry standards. If we do not develop innovative new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis, our offerings will become obsolete over time and our business and financial statements will suffer. Our success depends on several factors, including our ability to: 
 correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences; 
 allocate our R D funding to products and services with higher growth prospects; 
 anticipate and respond to our competitors development of new products and services and technological innovations; 
 differentiate our offerings from our competitors offerings and avoid commoditization; 
 innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in our served markets; 
 obtain adequate intellectual property rights with respect to key technologies before our competitors do; 
 successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively and cost-effectively manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time; 
 obtain necessary regulatory approvals of appropriate scope (including with respect to medical device products by demonstrating satisfactory clinical results where applicable as well as achieving third-party reimbursement); and 
 stimulate customer demand for and convince customers to adopt new technologies. 
 18 

If we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in R D of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our business and financial statements. Even when we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products and services, we often incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. In addition, promising new offerings may fail to reach the market or realize only limited commercial success because of real or perceived efficacy or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive clinical outcomes, uncertainty over third-party reimbursement or entrenched patterns of clinical practice. Competitors may also develop after-market services and parts for our products which may detract from our sales. 
 The health care industry and related industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce (and increase the predictability of) costs, which can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 The health care industry and related industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce (and increase the predictability of) costs, including the following: 
 Many of our customers, and the end-users to whom our customers supply products, rely on government funding of and reimbursement for healthcare products and services and research activities. The PPACA, health care austerity measures in other countries and other potential healthcare reform changes and government austerity measures have reduced and may further reduce the amount of government funding or reimbursement available to customers or end-users of our products and services and/or the volume of medical procedures using our products and services. For example, the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 PAMA introduced a multi-year pricing program for services payable under the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule CLFS that is designed to bring Medicare allowable amounts in line with the amounts paid by private payors. It is still unclear whether and to what extent these new rates will affect overall pricing and reimbursement for clinical laboratory testing services, but to the extent our customers conclude that Medicare reimbursement for these services is inadequate, it can in turn adversely impact the prices at which we sell our products. Other countries, as well as some private payors, also control the price of health care products, directly or indirectly, through reimbursement, payment, pricing or coverage limitations, tying reimbursement to outcomes or (in the case of governmental entities) through compulsory licensing or limiting of intellectual property protections. Global economic uncertainty or deterioration can also adversely impact government funding and reimbursement. 
 Governmental and private health care providers and payors around the world are increasingly utilizing managed care for the delivery of healthcare services, centralizing purchasing, limiting the number of vendors that may participate in purchasing programs, forming group purchasing organizations, strategic alliances and integrated health delivery networks and pursuing consolidation to improve their purchasing leverage, using competitive bid processes to procure healthcare products and services and investing in health care practices to increase their control over health care spending. Payors are also seeking to improve price predictability in an effort to mitigate exposure to future price increases. 
 These changes as well as other impacts from market demand, government regulations, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies and societal pressures are changing the way healthcare is delivered, reimbursed and funded and have in the past and could in the future cause participants in the healthcare industry and related industries that we serve to purchase fewer of our products and services, reduce the prices they are willing to pay for our products or services, reduce the amounts of reimbursement and funding available for our products and services from governmental agencies or third-party payors, heighten clinical data requirements, reduce the volume of medical procedures that use our products and services, affect the acceptance rate of new technologies and products and increase our compliance and other costs. In addition, we may be excluded from important market segments or unable to enter into contracts with group purchasing organizations and integrated health networks on terms acceptable to us, and even if we do enter into such contracts they may be on terms that negatively affect our current or future profitability. All of the factors described above can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Non-U.S. economic, political, legal, compliance, social and business factors can negatively affect our business and financial statements. 
 In 2022 approximately 58 of our sales were derived from customers outside the U.S. In addition, many of our manufacturing operations, suppliers and employees are located outside the U.S. Since our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the U.S. and increase the localization of our products and services, we expect to continue to increase our sales and presence outside the U.S., particularly in the high-growth markets. Our non-U.S. business (and particularly our business in high-growth markets) is subject to risks that include: 
 public health crises and epidemics, such as COVID-19; 
 19 

interruption in the transportation of materials to us and finished goods to our customers; 
 differences in terms of sale, including longer payment terms than are typical in the U.S.; 
 local product preferences or requirements; 
 changes in a country s or region s political, legal, social, compliance, business or economic conditions, such as the devaluation of particular currencies; 
 trade protection measures, tariffs, embargoes and import or export restrictions and requirements; 
 unexpected changes in laws or regulatory requirements, including changes in tax laws; 
 capital controls and limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings and cash; 
 the potential for nationalization of enterprises; 
 changes in local healthcare delivery, payment and reimbursement policies and programs; 
 complex data privacy and cybersecurity requirements; 
 limitations on legal rights and our ability to enforce such rights, including differing protection of intellectual property; 
 difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; 
 workforce instability and differing labor or employment regulations; 
 difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely or comprehensive basis; 
 greater uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in commercializing products in certain foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to product and other regulatory approvals; and 
 remaining uncertainties relating to the impact of the UK s exit from the EU in 2020. 
 International business risks have in the past and may in the future negatively affect our business and financial statements. 
 In 2022 we generated approximately 13 of our sales from China. Accordingly, political, economic, legal, compliance, social and business conditions in China generally can adversely influence our business and financial statements. Additionally, China s government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing sector-specific policies, and it maintains control over China s economic growth through setting monetary policy and determining treatment of particular industries or companies. Further, considerable uncertainty exists regarding the long-term effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies adopted by the central banks and financial authorities of some of the world s leading economies, including the U.S. and China. Uncertainty or adverse changes to conditions in China or the policies of China s government or its laws and regulations can adversely affect the overall economic growth of China, or of the particular industries in which we participate, and can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Our growth can suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. 
 Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve, and visibility into our markets can be limited (particularly for markets into which we sell through distribution). Our quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the quarter, which are difficult to forecast. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets can diminish demand for our products and services and adversely affect our business and financial statements. Certain of our businesses operate in industries that have experienced and may experience periodic, cyclical downturns. In addition, in certain of our businesses demand depends on customers capital spending budgets as well as government funding policies, and matters of public policy and government budget dynamics as well as product and economic cycles can affect the spending decisions of these entities. Demand for our products and services is also sensitive to changes in customer order patterns, which may be affected by announced price changes, marketing or promotional programs, new product introductions, the timing of industry trade shows and changes in distributor or customer inventory levels due to distributor or customer management thereof or other factors. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business and financial statements in any given period. 
 20 

Certain of our businesses rely on relationships with collaborative partners and other third-parties for development, supply and/or marketing of certain products, potential products and technologies, and such collaborative partners or other third-parties could fail to perform sufficiently. 
 For certain of our businesses, success in penetrating target markets depends in part on their ability to develop and maintain collaborative relationships with other companies. Relying on collaborative relationships is risky because, among other things, our collaborative partners may (1) not devote sufficient resources to the success of our collaborations; (2) fail to obtain regulatory approvals necessary to continue the collaborations in a timely manner; (3) be acquired by other companies and terminate our collaborative partnership or become insolvent; (4) compete with us; (5) disagree with us on key details of the collaborative relationship; (6) have insufficient capital resources; (7) fail to comply with applicable laws, regulatory requirements and/or applicable contractual obligations; and (8) terminate or decline to renew existing collaborations on acceptable terms, which may require us to devote additional resources to product development and commercialization and/or cancel programs. The realization of any of these risks could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Acquisition, Divestiture and Investment Risks 
 Any inability to consummate acquisitions at our historical rate and at appropriate prices, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy, could negatively impact our business. 
 Our ability to grow revenues, earnings and cash flow at or above our historic rates depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy. We may not be able to consummate acquisitions at rates similar to the past, which could adversely impact our business. Promising acquisitions and investments are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including high valuations, competition among prospective buyers or investors, the availability of affordable funding in the capital markets and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain applicable antitrust and other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms. In addition, competition for acquisitions and investments has resulted and may result in higher purchase prices. Changes in accounting or regulatory requirements or instability in the credit markets could also adversely impact our ability to consummate acquisitions and investments. 
 Our acquisition of businesses, investments, joint ventures and other strategic relationships can negatively impact our business and financial statements. 
 As part of our business strategy, we acquire businesses, make investments and enter into joint ventures and other strategic relationships in the ordinary course, and we also from time to time complete more significant transactions; refer to Item 7. MD A for additional details. Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and strategic relationships involve a number of financial, accounting, managerial, operational, legal, compliance and other risks and challenges, including but not limited to the following, any of which can adversely affect our business and our financial statements: 
 businesses, technologies, services and products that we acquire or invest in have sometimes under-performed relative to our expectations and the price that we paid, failed to perform in accordance with our anticipated timetable or failed to achieve and/or sustain profitability; 
 we from time to time incur or assume significant debt in connection with our acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships, which can also cause a deterioration of Danaher s credit ratings, result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense and diminish our future access to the capital markets; 
 acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships can cause our financial results to differ from our own or the investment community s expectations in any given period, or over the long-term; 
 pre-closing and post-closing earnings charges can adversely impact our results in any given period, and the impact may be substantially different from period-to-period; 
 acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships can create demands on our management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems that we are unable to effectively address; 
 we can experience difficulty in integrating cultures, personnel, operations and financial and other controls and systems and retaining key employees and customers, and former employees of our existing businesses or businesses we acquire sometimes compete with us; 
 we are not always able to achieve cost savings or other synergies anticipated in connection with acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships; 
 21 

we have assumed and may assume unknown liabilities, known contingent liabilities that become realized, known liabilities that prove greater than anticipated, internal control deficiencies or exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from the acquired company s or investee s activities; and the realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies can increase our expenses, adversely affect our financial position or cause us to fail to meet our public financial reporting obligations; 
 in connection with acquisitions and joint ventures, we often enter into post-closing financial arrangements such as purchase price adjustments, earn-out obligations and indemnification obligations, which can have unpredictable financial results; 
 as a result of our acquisitions and investments, we have recorded significant goodwill and other assets on our balance sheet and if we are not able to realize the value of these assets, or if the value of our investments declines, we are required to incur impairment charges; 
 we may have interests that diverge from those of our joint venture partners or other strategic partners or the companies we invest in, and we are not always able to direct or influence the management and operations of the joint venture, other strategic relationship or investee in the manner we believe is most appropriate, exposing us to additional risk; and 
 investing in or making loans to early-stage companies often entails a high degree of risk, including uncertainty regarding the company s ability to successfully develop new technologies and services, bring these new technologies and services to market and gain market acceptance, maintain adequate capitalization and access to cash or other forms of liquidity, and retain critical management personnel; we do not always achieve the strategic, technological, financial or commercial benefits we anticipate; we may lose our investment or fail to recoup our loan; or our investment may be illiquid for a greater-than-expected period of time. 
 The indemnification provisions of acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies may not fully protect us and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities. 
 Certain of the acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of the acquired company before we acquired it. In most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited and certain former owners may be unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. In addition, we obtain or receive the benefits of representations and warranties insurance in connection with certain acquisitions. There can be no assurance that these indemnification provisions or insurance coverages will protect us fully or at all, and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We intend to separate our Environmental Applied Solutions segment to create a publicly-traded company in the fourth quarter of 2023. The proposed transaction may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or at all and may not achieve the intended benefits. 
 We have announced our intention to separate Danaher s Environmental Applied Solutions segment to create a publicly-traded company in the fourth quarter of 2023, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including obtaining final approval from the Danaher Board of Directors, satisfactory completion of financing and receipt of tax opinions, favorable rulings from the Internal Revenue Service and other regulatory approvals (the EAS Separation ). There can be no assurance that we will be able to satisfy the necessary conditions or that we will successfully complete the anticipated separation in our preferred structure, on the anticipated timeline or at all. Unanticipated developments, including possible delays in obtaining various tax rulings or regulatory approvals, uncertainty or declines in the financial markets or other adverse market conditions, changes in the Company s cash requirements, challenges in establishing the new company s organizational structure, infrastructure or processes, or adverse business performance could delay or prevent the proposed separation or cause the proposed separation to occur on terms or conditions that are less favorable and/or different than expected. Expenses incurred to accomplish the proposed separation may be significantly higher than what we currently anticipate. Executing the proposed separation also requires significant time and attention from management, which could distract them from other tasks in operating our business. Even if the transaction is completed, we may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits from the separation and there can be no assurance that the separation will yield greater net benefits to Danaher and its shareholders than if such transaction had not occurred. Following the proposed separation, the combined value of the common stock of the two publicly-traded companies may not be equal to or greater than what the value of our common stock would have been had the separation not occurred. 
 22 

Divestitures or other dispositions could negatively impact our business, and contingent liabilities from businesses that we or our predecessors have disposed of could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest, spin-off, split-off or otherwise dispose of businesses for strategic, financial or other reasons. For example, in 2015 Danaher separated and split-off to Danaher shareholders the majority of its former communications business in a Reverse Morris Trust transaction with NetScout Systems, Inc. (the Communications Disposition ), in 2016 Danaher separated and spun-off to Danaher shareholders its former Test Measurement segment, Industrial Technologies segment (excluding the product identification businesses) and retail/commercial petroleum business (collectively known as Fortive Corporation (the Fortive Disposition ), in 2019 Danaher consummated the separation and initial public offering IPO and subsequent split-off of its Dental segment, known as Envista Holdings Corporation (the Envista Disposition ), and in 2022 Danaher announced the anticipated EAS Separation. Transactions such as these pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business and financial statements. For example, divestitures or other dispositions can dilute the Company s earnings per share, have other adverse financial, tax and accounting impacts and distract management, and disputes can arise with the new owners of the divested/disposed business. In addition, we have retained responsibility for and/or have agreed to indemnify buyers against some known and unknown contingent liabilities related to a number of businesses we or our predecessors have sold or disposed. The resolution of these contingencies has not had a material effect on our business or financial statements but there can be no assurance that this favorable pattern will continue. 
 Potential indemnification liabilities pursuant to the Communications Disposition, the Fortive Disposition, the Envista Disposition or the anticipated EAS Separation could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 With respect to each of the Communications Disposition, the Fortive Disposition and the Envista Disposition, we entered into a separation agreement and related agreements to govern the separation and related transactions and the relationship between the respective companies going forward (and we expect to enter into similar agreements in connection with the EAS Separation). These agreements provide for specific indemnity and liability obligations of each party that can lead to disputes between us and the respective counterparty. If we are required to indemnify any of the other parties under the circumstances set forth in these agreements, we may be subject to substantial liabilities. In addition, with respect to the liabilities for which the other parties have agreed to indemnify us under these agreements, there can be no assurance that the indemnity rights we have against such other parties will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of the liabilities, or that such other parties will be able to fully satisfy their respective indemnification obligations. It is also possible that a court could disregard the allocation of assets and liabilities agreed to between Danaher and such other parties and require Danaher to assume responsibility for obligations allocated to such other parties. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business and financial statements. 
 We could incur significant liability if any of the Fortive Disposition, the Envista Disposition or the EAS Separation is determined to be a taxable transaction. 
 We have received opinions from outside tax counsel to the effect that each of the Fortive Disposition and the Envista Disposition qualifies as a transaction that is described in Sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code, and we anticipate obtaining a similar opinion with respect to the EAS Separation. These opinions rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings regarding the past and future conduct of the companies respective businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, our stockholders and we may not be able to rely on the respective opinion of tax counsel and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the opinion of tax counsel, the IRS could determine on audit that any such transactions are taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the respective opinion. If any such transaction is determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our stockholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax and we could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 
 Operational Risks 
 Significant disruptions in, or breaches in security of, our information technology systems or data or violation of data privacy laws can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We rely on information technology systems, some of which are provided and/or managed by third-parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personal data relating to employees, customers, other business partners and patients), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers and fulfilling contractual obligations). In addition, some of our remote monitoring products and services incorporate software and information technology that house personal data and some products or software we sell to customers connect to our systems for maintenance or other purposes. These systems, products and services (including those we 
 23 

acquire through business acquisitions) can be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, human error or malfeasance (including by employees), power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. Attacks can also target hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted in our products after such products have been purchased and incorporated into third-party products, facilities or infrastructure. Security breaches of systems provided or enabled by us, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services, or security breaches of third-party suppliers we rely on to process, store or transmit electronic information, can result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, patients or suppliers. Like most multinational corporations, our information technology systems and data have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber-attacks and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products may also adversely affect product functionality and result in loss of data, risk to patient safety and product recalls or field actions. The attacks, breaches, misappropriations and other disruptions and damage described above can interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers intellectual property and trade secrets, result in disclosure of personal data, damage customer, patient, business partner and employee relationships and our reputation and result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy and other laws and increased costs for security and remediation, in each case resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial statements. Our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches. 
 In addition, our information technology systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, evolving customer expectations, changes in the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data and information systems, and the information technology needs associated with our changing products and services. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully maintain, enhance and upgrade our systems as necessary to effectively address these requirements. Further, a greater number of our employees have been working remotely since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, which exposes us to greater cybersecurity and data privacy risks. 
 Any inability to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches can result in adverse regulatory and business consequences and litigation. As a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. Please see Item 1. Business Regulatory Matters for additional information. For example, entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA as the result of a breach of unsecured patient health information, a complaint about privacy practices or an audit by HHS, may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the applicable national data protection laws of the EU member states and other states subject to the GDPR may result in fines of up to 20 million or up to 4 of total worldwide annual turnover for the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, and other administrative penalties. Several other countries such as China and Russia have passed, and other countries have passed or are considering passing, laws that require some or all personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers or impose significant restrictions on data transfer. State privacy laws in California impose some of the same features as the GDPR and have prompted several other states to enact similar laws. Additionally, a bipartisan bill under consideration in Congress would, if adopted, impose broad privacy requirements at the U.S. federal level and provide enhanced enforcement authority to the FTC. Government investigations and enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and data breaches or violations of data privacy laws can result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and damage to customer, patient, business partner and employee relationships and to our reputation, any of which may adversely affect our business and financial statements. In addition, compliance with the varying data privacy regulations across the U.S. and around the world has required significant expenditures and may require additional expenditures, and may require further changes in our products or business models that increase competition or reduce revenue. 
 Defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products or services, or allegations thereof, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Manufacturing or design defects or bugs in, unanticipated use of, safety or quality issues (or the perception of such issues) with respect to, off label use of, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of products and services that we make or sell (including items that we source from third-parties) can lead to personal injury, death, property damage and/or regulatory violations that can adversely affect our business and financial statements. These events can lead to recalls or safety alerts, result in the removal of a product or service from the market and result in product liability or similar claims being brought against us. The accelerated development and production of products and services in an effort to address the COVID-19 pandemic also 
 24 

increased the risk of regulatory enforcement actions, product defects or claims thereof. Recalls, removals and product liability and similar claims (regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome) can result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products and services. Our business can also be affected by studies of the utilization, safety and efficacy of medical device products and components that are conducted by industry participants, government agencies and others. Any of the above can result in the discontinuation of marketing of such products in one or more countries and give rise to claims for damages from persons who believe they have been injured as a result of product issues, including claims by individuals or groups seeking to represent a class. 
 If we suffer loss to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems due to catastrophe or other events, our operations could be seriously harmed. 
 Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, cyber-attack, earthquake, hurricane, power shortage or outage, public health crisis (including epidemics and pandemics) and the reaction thereto, war, terrorism, riot, public protest or other natural or man-made disasters, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the damage caused to our facilities by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico in 2017. If any of these facilities, supply chains or systems were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, diminish demand, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal exposure and significant repair or replacement expenses. The third-party insurance coverage that we maintain varies from time to time in both type and amount depending on cost, availability and our decisions regarding risk retention, and may be unavailable or insufficient to protect us against such losses. 
 Climate change, legal or regulatory measures to address climate change and any inability on our part to address stakeholder expectations relating to climate change may negatively affect us. 
 Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere presents risks to our operations. Physical risk resulting from acute changes (such as hurricane, tornado, wildfire or flooding) or chronic changes (such as droughts, heat waves or sea level changes) in climate patterns can adversely impact our facilities and operations and disrupt our supply chains and distribution systems. Concern over climate change can also result in new or additional legal, regulatory or quasi-regulatory requirements designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment (such as taxation of, or caps on the use of, carbon-based energy). Any such new or additional requirements may increase the costs associated with, or disrupt, sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products, which may adversely affect our business and financial statements. In addition, any failure to adequately address stakeholder expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance ESG matters may result in the loss of business, adverse reputational impacts, diluted market valuations and challenges in attracting and retaining customers and talented employees. For example, our ability to achieve our current and future ESG goals is uncertain and remains subject to numerous risks, including evolving regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations, our ability to recruit, develop and retain a diverse workforce, the availability of suppliers and other business partners that can meet our ESG expectations, the effects of the organic and inorganic growth of our business, cost considerations and the development and availability of cost-effective technologies or resources that support our goals. 
 The manufacture of many of our products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if we directly or indirectly encounter problems manufacturing products, our business and financial statements could suffer. 
 The manufacture of many of our products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. Problems can arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials or components, cyber-attacks, natural disasters and environmental factors, and if not discovered before the product is released to market can result in recalls and product liability exposure. Because of the time required to approve and license certain regulated manufacturing facilities and other stringent regulations of the FDA and similar agencies regarding the manufacture of certain of our products, an alternative manufacturer is not always available on a timely basis to replace such production capacity. Any of these manufacturing problems could result in adverse impacts to our business and financial statements. 
 Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of the supplies that we use in, and the labor we need for, our operations. 
 Prices for and availability of the components, raw materials and other commodities we use in our business, as well as for labor, have fluctuated significantly in the past, including during 2022. Please see Item 1. Business-Materials for a discussion of the inputs we use in our business, supply chain and labor availability disruptions and constraints our businesses have faced and are facing, and the adverse impacts that we have incurred and may incur relating thereto. The supply chains for our businesses can be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, fluctuations in demand, decreased availability of key raw materials or commodities, legislative or regulatory changes, bankruptcy or exiting of the business for other reasons and external events such 
 25 

as natural disasters, pandemic health issues, war, terrorist actions and governmental actions (such as trade protectionism). In addition, some of our businesses purchase certain requirements from sole or limited source suppliers for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost effectiveness, availability or uniqueness of design. In the event of interruptions in the supply, or increases in the cost, of such supplies, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply. Sustained interruptions in the supply of, or increase in the cost of, key components, raw materials, other commodities and labor can result in production interruptions, delays, extended lead times and inefficiencies and adversely affect our business and financial statements. In addition, due to the highly competitive nature of the industries that we serve, the cost-containment efforts of our customers and the terms of certain contracts we are party to, when supply and labor prices rise we are not always able to pass along cost increases through higher prices for our products. If we are unable to fully recover higher supply and labor costs through price increases or offset these increases through cost reductions, or if there is a time delay between the increase in costs and our ability to recover or offset these costs, our margins and profitability can decline and our business and financial statements can be adversely affected. 
 Our profitability could also be adversely impacted if we are unable to adjust our purchases to reflect changes in customer demand and market fluctuations, including those caused by seasonality or cyclicality. During a market upturn, suppliers from time to time extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices. Conversely, in order to secure supplies for the production of products, we sometimes enter into noncancelable purchase commitments with vendors, which can impact our ability to adjust our inventory to reflect declining market demands. Because we cannot always immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to changing market conditions, at times our manufacturing capacity exceeds or falls short of our production requirements. Any or all of these problems can result in the loss of customers or cost inefficiencies, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance and otherwise adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Adverse changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition, performance, purchasing patterns or inventory levels of, key distributors and other channel partners can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Certain of our businesses sell a significant amount of their products to or through key distributors and other channel partners that have valuable relationships with customers and end-users. Some of these distributors and other partners also sell our competitors products or compete with us directly, and if they favor competing products for any reason they may fail to market our products effectively. Adverse changes in our relationships with these distributors and other partners, reduction or discontinuation of their purchases from us or adverse developments in their financial condition, performance or purchasing patterns, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. The levels of inventory maintained by our key distributors and other channel partners, and changes in those levels, also impacts our results of operations in any given period. In addition, the consolidation of distributors and customers in certain of our served industries can adversely impact our business and financial statements. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate talented employees representing diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets. 
 The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industries, particularly in the areas of science and technology, is extremely competitive and expectations from qualified talent in many areas of the labor market have evolved and escalated recently. In addition, in 2022 we faced labor availability constraints and labor cost inflation in certain areas of our business. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, if we cannot retain and motivate highly skilled workers and key leaders representing diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets, or if we experience labor disputes, our business and financial statements may be adversely affected. 
 Our restructuring actions can have long-term adverse effects on our business and financial statements. 
 We have implemented significant restructuring activities across our businesses to adjust our cost structure, and we may engage in similar restructuring activities in the future. These restructuring activities and our regular ongoing cost reduction activities could diminish our resources and competitiveness, and delays or failures in implementing planned restructuring activities may diminish the expected operational or financial benefits from such actions. Any of the circumstances described above could adversely impact our business and financial statements. 
 26 

Intellectual Property Risks 
 If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, or if third-parties infringe our intellectual property rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights. These risks are particularly pronounced in countries in which we do business that do not have levels of protection of intellectual property comparable to the United States. 
 Many of the markets we serve are technology-driven, and as a result intellectual property rights play a significant role in product development and differentiation. We own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property and licenses to intellectual property owned by others, which in aggregate are important to our business. The intellectual property rights that we obtain, however, are not always sufficiently broad and do not always provide us a significant competitive advantage, and patents may not be issued for pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us. In addition, the steps that we and our licensors have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property do not always prevent it from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented, designed-around or becoming subject to compulsory licensing. In some circumstances, enforcement is not available to us because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons. We also rely on nondisclosure and noncompetition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these agreements adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or that third-parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights. Our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights that convey competitive advantage and adequately protect our intellectual property; our failure to detect or prevent circumvention or unauthorized use of such property and the cost of enforcing our intellectual property rights each can adversely impact our business and financial statements. 
 These risks are particularly pronounced in countries in which we do business that do not have levels of protection of corporate proprietary information, intellectual property, technology and other assets comparable to the United States. The risks we encounter in such countries include but are not limited to the following: 
 Joint ventures that we participate in can include restrictions that could compromise our control over the intellectual property, technology and proprietary information of the joint venture; 
 As we expand our operations globally, increasing amounts of our data, intellectual property and technology is used and stored in countries outside the United States, and regulations in certain countries require data to be stored locally. These factors increase the risk that such data, intellectual property and technology could be stolen or otherwise compromised; 
 Certain of our products have been counterfeited and we may encounter additional and/or increased levels of counterfeiting in the future; 
 Governmental entities may adopt regulations or other requirements that give them rights to certain of our intellectual property, technology and/or proprietary information, such as through compulsory licensing or ownership restrictions or requirements; 
 In certain countries, we do not have the same ability to enforce intellectual property rights as we do in the U.S.; 
 Governmental regulations relating to state secrecy or other topics limit our ability to transfer data or technology out of certain jurisdictions; and 
 Risks, costs and challenges of operating in a particular jurisdiction can result in a decision to relocate or divert operations to a different jurisdiction, potentially at higher cost. 
 Any of these risks can adversely impact our business and financial statements. Refer to International economic, political, legal, compliance, social and business factors could negatively affect our financial statements for a discussion of additional risks relating to our international operations. 
 Third-parties from time to time claim that we are infringing or misappropriating their intellectual property rights and we could suffer significant litigation expenses, losses or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services. 
 From time to time, we receive notices from third parties alleging intellectual property infringement or misappropriation of third parties intellectual property and cannot be certain that the conduct of our business does not and will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of others. Disputes or litigations regarding intellectual property can be costly and time-consuming to defend due to the complexity of many of our technologies and the uncertainty of intellectual property 
 27 

litigation. Our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of infringement or misappropriation. In addition, as a result of such claims of infringement or misappropriation, we could lose our rights to critical technology, be unable to license critical technology or sell critical products and services, be required to pay substantial damages or license fees with respect to the infringed rights, be required to license technology or other intellectual property rights from others, be required to cease marketing, manufacturing or using certain products or be required to redesign, re-engineer or re-brand our products at substantial cost, any of which could adversely impact our business and financial statements. Third-party intellectual property rights may also make it more difficult or expensive for us to meet market demand for particular product or design innovations. When we are required to seek licenses under patents or other intellectual property rights of others, we are not always able to acquire these licenses on acceptable terms, if at all. Even if we successfully defend against claims of infringement or misappropriation, we may incur significant costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 The U.S. government has certain rights with respect to incremental production capacity attributable to, and/or the intellectual property we have developed using government financing. In addition, in times of national emergency the U.S. government could also control our allocation of manufacturing capacity. 
 Certain agencies of the U.S. government, such as the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority BARDA within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, have agreed to finance an expansion of production capacity and/or the development of technology at certain of our businesses, and our businesses may enter into similar agreements in the future. In consideration of this financing the U.S. government has certain rights, including rights with respect to the allocation of certain of the incremental production capacity associated with such expansion and/or rights in intellectual property produced with its financial assistance. If the U.S. government exercises its rights with respect to our intellectual property or allocating our production capacity, our business and financial statements could be negatively impacted. 
 In addition, to optimize availability of needed medical and other products in connection with any pandemic or other national emergency, we may elect or governments may require us or our customers to allocate manufacturing capacity (for example, pursuant to the U.S. Defense Production Act DPA )) in a way that adversely affects our financial condition and results of operations, results in differential treatment of customers and/or adversely affects our reputation and customer relationships. For example, certain of our customers are or have been subject to DPA requirements relating to the production of COVID-19 related products and have required certain of our businesses to also comply with these requirements under our supply agreements. Under such circumstances, the levels of demand for our products can exceed our capacity to meet such demand on a timely basis or at all, which can result in negative publicity, competitive disadvantage and legal liability, and may adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Financial and Tax Risks 
 Our outstanding debt has increased significantly as a result of acquisitions, and we may incur additional debt in the future. Our existing and future indebtedness may limit our operations and our use of our cash flow and negatively impact our credit ratings; and any failure to comply with the covenants that apply to our indebtedness could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 19.7 billion in outstanding indebtedness. In addition, we had the ability to incur approximately 3.0 billion of additional indebtedness in direct borrowings or under our outstanding commercial paper facilities based on the amounts available under our credit facilities that were not being used to backstop outstanding commercial paper balances. Our debt level and related debt service obligations (as well as the dividend obligations pursuant to our Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock MCPS )) can have negative consequences, including (1) requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt (or dividends on our MCPS), which reduces the funds we have available for other purposes such as acquisitions and other investments; (2) reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions; and (3) exposing us to interest rate risk on any variable rate debt we may issue. If our credit ratings are downgraded or put on watch for a potential downgrade, we may not be able to sell additional debt securities or borrow money in the amounts, at the times or interest rates or upon the more favorable terms and conditions that might be available if our current credit ratings were maintained. 
 Our credit facilities and long-term debt obligations also impose certain restrictions on us, including certain restrictions on our ability to incur liens on our assets, and a requirement under our credit facilities to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio (the ratio of consolidated indebtedness to consolidated indebtedness plus shareholders equity) of 0.65 to 1.0 or less. If we breach any of these restrictions and cannot obtain a waiver from the lenders on favorable terms, subject to applicable cure periods, the outstanding indebtedness (and any other indebtedness with cross-default provisions) could be declared immediately due and payable, which would adversely affect our business and financial statements (including our liquidity). If we add new debt in the future, the risks described above would increase. 
 28 

We may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the net carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately 60.1 billion. Significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of our assets, changes in the structure of our business, divestitures, market capitalization declines, or increases in associated discount rates can impair our goodwill and other intangible assets. In the past, we have recognized impairment charges relating to certain non-goodwill intangible assets, and in the future, we could recognize charges related to the impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. Any such impairment charges adversely affect our financial statements in the periods recognized. 
 Foreign currency exchange rates can adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Sales and purchases in currencies other than the U.S. dollar expose us to fluctuations in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our financial statements. Increased strength of the U.S. dollar increases the effective price of our products sold in U.S. dollars into other countries, which can adversely affect sales or require us to lower our prices. Decreased strength of the U.S. dollar adversely affects the cost of materials, products and services we purchase overseas. Sales and expenses of our non-U.S. businesses are also translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar generally results in unfavorable translation effects. In addition, certain of our businesses invoice customers in a currency other than the business functional currency, and movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency can also result in unfavorable translation effects. The Company also faces exchange rate risk from its investments in subsidiaries owned and operated in foreign countries. 
 Changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities or assessments can affect our profitability. In addition, audits by tax authorities can result in additional tax payments for prior periods. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and in numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions. Due to the potential for changes to tax laws and regulations or changes to the interpretation thereof (including regulations and interpretations pertaining to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA )), the ambiguity of tax laws and regulations, the subjectivity of factual interpretations, the complexity of our intercompany arrangements, uncertainties regarding the geographic mix of earnings in any particular period, and other factors, our estimates of effective tax rate and income tax assets and liabilities can be incorrect and our financial statements could be adversely affected; please refer to Item 7. MD A for a discussion of additional factors that may adversely affect our effective tax rate and decrease our profitability in any period. The impact of the factors referenced in the preceding sentence may be substantially different from period-to-period. In addition, the amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-U.S. tax authorities, such as the audits described in MD A and the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. If audits result in payments or assessments different from our reserves, our results can be adversely affected. Any further changes to the tax system in the United States or in other jurisdictions could also adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Changes in tax law relating to multinational corporations could adversely affect our tax position. 
 Legislative bodies and government agencies in the U.S. and other countries as well as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD have focused on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. One example is in the area of base erosion and profit shifting, for which the OECD has released several components of its comprehensive plan that have been adopted and expanded by many taxing authorities to address perceived tax abuse and inconsistencies between tax jurisdictions. As a result, the tax laws in the U.S. and other countries in which we do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has adversely affected and may further adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has adversely affected and may further adversely affect our business and financial statements. In light of the situation in Ukraine, in addition to suspending sales prohibited by sanctions, the Company has suspended the shipment of products to Russia with the exception of products for the purposes of diagnosing and treating patients and producing vaccines and therapeutics. We incurred a pretax charge of 43 million in 2022 as a result of Russia-related asset impairments, accruals for contractual obligations and similar items and we may incur additional charges in the future. In 2021, approximately 1 of the Company s sales were derived from customers based in Russia and a de minimis percentage of sales were derived from customers based in Ukraine, and in 2022 Russia and Ukraine sales accounted for less than 1 of the Company s sales. The conflict in Ukraine may escalate and/or expand in scope and the broader consequences of this conflict, which have included and/or may in the future include sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse impacts on energy supplies and prices; potential retaliatory action by the Russian government against companies, 
 29 

including the Company, such as nationalization of foreign businesses in Russia. Further, increased tensions between the United States and countries in which we operate cannot be predicted, nor can we predict the conflict s future impact on the global economy and on our business and financial statements. 
 The Russia and Ukraine conflict also heightens many other risks disclosed in this Annual Report, any of which can adversely affect our business and financial statements. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including increased inflation, constraints on the availability of commodities, supply chain disruption and decreased business spending; disruptions to our or our business partners global technology infrastructure, including through cyber-attack or cyber-intrusion; adverse changes in international trade policies and relations; claims, litigation and regulatory enforcement; our ability to implement and execute our business strategy; terrorist activities; our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; reputational risk; and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets. 
 Our defined benefit pension plans and health care costs are subject to financial and other market risks that could adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Significant changes in market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets, investment losses on plan assets and changes in discount rates can increase our defined benefit pension plan funding obligations, and upward pressure on the cost of providing health care coverage to current employees and retirees can increase our future funding obligations. Any of these risks can adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Legal, Regulatory, Compliance and Reputational Risks 
 Significant developments or changes in national laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and/or address foreign competition can have an adverse effect on our business and financial statements. 
 Significant developments or changes in national laws or policies to protect or promote domestic interests and/or address foreign competition, including laws and policies in areas such as trade, manufacturing, government purchasing, health care, intellectual property and investment/development, can adversely affect our business and financial statements. For example, certain governments have implemented policies to induce re-shoring of supply chains, reduce reliance on imported supplies and promote national production. The Chinese government has issued a series of policies in the past several years to promote the development and use of local medical devices. In addition, in recent years the U.S. has increased tariffs on certain imported goods and trade tensions between the U.S. and China escalated, with each country imposing significant, additional tariffs on a wide range of goods imported from the other country. 
 Our business and financial statements can be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners. 
 There can be no assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems, including our Code of Conduct, always protect us from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners of ours (or of businesses we acquire or partner with) that violate laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, employment practices and workplace behavior, export and import compliance, economic and trade sanctions, money laundering and data privacy. In particular, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. Any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. In addition, the government may seek to hold us liable for violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. We also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our Supplier Code of Conduct, and violations of such code of conduct could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation; failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 In addition to the environmental, health, safety, health care, medical device, anticorruption, data privacy and other regulations noted elsewhere in this Annual Report, our businesses are subject to extensive regulation by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental and self-regulatory entities at the supranational, federal, state, local and other jurisdictional levels, including for example the following: 
 We are required to comply with various import laws and export control and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other persons and dealings between our 
 30 

employees and between our subsidiaries. In certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products, services and technologies. In other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. Compliance with the various import laws that apply to our businesses can restrict our access to, and increase the cost of obtaining, certain products and at times can interrupt our supply of imported inventory. In addition, we sell and provide products and technology to third parties, such as agents, representatives and distributors, who may export such items to end-users. If we or any of these third parties do not comply with applicable export or import laws we may incur liability. In addition, from time to time, certain of our subsidiaries have limited business dealings in countries subject to comprehensive sanctions. These business dealings represent an insignificant amount of our consolidated revenues and income but expose us to a heightened risk of violating applicable sanctions regulations. We have established policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations but there can be no assurance that the policies and procedures have prevented and will prevent violations of these regulations, and any such violation can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We also have agreements to sell products and services to government entities (as well as agreements relating to government financing, as discussed above) and are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with government entities (less than 5 of our 2022 sales were made to the U.S. federal government). The laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts. For example, many government contracts contain pricing and other terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. Our agreements with government entities are in some cases subject to termination, reduction or modification at the convenience of the government or in the event of changes in government requirements, reductions in federal spending and other factors, and we may underestimate our costs of performing under the contract. In certain cases, a governmental entity may require us to pay back amounts it has paid to us. Government contracts that have been awarded to us following a bid process can become the subject of a bid protest by a losing bidder, which could result in loss of the contract. We are also subject to investigation and audit for compliance with the requirements governing government contracts. 
 These are not the only regulations that our businesses must comply with. The regulations we are subject to have tended to become more stringent over time and can be inconsistent across jurisdictions. We, our representatives and the industries in which we operate are at times under review and/or investigation by regulatory authorities. Failure to comply (or any alleged or perceived failure to comply) with the regulations referenced above or any other regulations can result in import detentions, fines, damages, civil and administrative penalties, injunctions, consent decrees, suspensions or losses of regulatory approvals, recall or seizure of products, operating restrictions, refusal of the government to approve product export applications or allow us to enter into supply contracts, disbarment from selling to certain governmental agencies or exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, disruption of our business, limitation on our ability to manufacture, import, export and sell products and services, loss of customers, significant legal and investigatory fees, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, reputational harm, contractual damages, diminished profits, curtailment or restricting of business operations, criminal prosecution and other monetary and non-monetary penalties. Compliance with these and other regulations can also affect our returns on investment, require us to incur significant expenses or modify our business model or impair our flexibility in modifying product, marketing, pricing or other strategies for growing our business. Our products and operations are also often subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies such as the International Standards Organization, and failure to comply with these rules can result in withdrawal of certifications needed to sell our products and services and otherwise adversely impact our business and financial statements. For additional information regarding these risks, refer to Item 1. Business Regulatory Matters. 
 We are subject to or otherwise responsible for a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business that can adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We are subject to or otherwise responsible for a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business (or related to the business operations of previously owned entities), including claims or counterclaims for damages arising out of the use of products or services and claims relating to intellectual property matters, employment matters, tax matters, commercial disputes, breach of contract claims, competition and sales and trading practices, environmental matters, personal injury, insurance coverage, securities matters, fiduciary duties and acquisition or divestiture-related matters, as well as regulatory subpoenas, requests for information, investigations and enforcement. We also from time to time become subject to lawsuits as a result of acquisitions or as a result of liabilities retained from, or representations, warranties or indemnities provided in connection with, businesses divested by us or our predecessors. The types of claims made in lawsuits include claims for compensatory damages, punitive and consequential damages (and in some cases, treble damages) and/or injunctive relief. The defense of these lawsuits can divert our management s attention, we from time to time incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits, and we can be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable remedies 
 31 

that adversely affect our business and financial statements. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against such losses. Because most contingencies are resolved over long periods of time, new developments (including litigation developments, the discovery of new facts, changes in legislation and outcomes of similar cases), changes in assumptions or changes in the Company s strategy in any given period can require us to adjust the loss contingency estimates that we have recorded in our financial statements, record estimates for liabilities or assets previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates or pay cash settlements or judgments. Any of these developments can adversely affect our business and financial statements in any particular period. There can be no assurance that our liabilities in connection with current and future litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial statements and business. However, based on our experience, information and applicable law as of the date of this Annual Report, we do not believe that it is reasonably possible that any amounts we may be required to pay in connection with litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in excess of our reserves as of December 31, 2022 will have a material effect on our business or financial statements. 
 From time to time, we become aware through our internal audits and other internal control procedures, employees or other parties of possible compliance matters, such as complaints or concerns relating to accounting, internal controls, financial reporting, auditing or ethical matters or relating to compliance with laws. When we become aware of such possible compliance matters, we investigate internally and take what we believe to be appropriate corrective action. Internal investigations can lead to the assertion of claims or the commencement of legal or regulatory proceedings against us and adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Certain of our businesses are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and by comparable agencies of other countries, as well as laws regulating fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry and the privacy and security of health information. Failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Certain of our products are medical devices and other products that are subject to regulation by the FDA, by other federal and state governmental agencies, by comparable agencies of other countries and regions, by certain accrediting bodies and by regulations governing hazardous materials and drugs-of-abuse (or the manufacture and sale of products containing any such materials). The global health care regulatory environment has become increasingly stringent and unpredictable. Several countries that did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years, and other countries have expanded, or plan to expand, their existing regulations. For example, the proposed Verifying Accurate Leading-edge IVCT Development (VALID) Act would give FDA additional authority to regulate in vitro diagnostics, including laboratory-developed tests. Please see Item 1. Business Regulatory Matters for more information. Failure to meet these requirements can adversely impact our business and financial statements in the applicable geographies. 
 To varying degrees, these regulators require us to comply with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, distribution and post-marketing surveillance of our products. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain regulatory clearance (such as 510(k) clearance) or approvals for our new products or modifications to (or additional indications or uses of) existing products within our anticipated timeframe or at all, and if we do obtain such clearance or approval it may be time-consuming, costly and subject to restrictions. Our ability to obtain such regulatory clearances or approvals will depend on many factors, for example our ability to obtain the necessary clinical trial results, and the process for obtaining such clearances or approvals could change over time and may require the withdrawal of products from the market until such clearances are obtained. Even after initial regulatory clearance or approval, we are subject to periodic inspection by these regulatory authorities, and if safety issues arise we can be required to amend conditions for use of a product, such as providing additional warnings on the product s label or narrowing its approved intended use, which could reduce the product s market acceptance. We are also subject to various laws regulating fraud and abuse, research and development, pricing and sales and marketing practices, the privacy and security of health information as well as manufacturing and quality standards, including the federal regulations described in Item 1. Business Regulatory Matters. 
 Government authorities may conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law. Failure to obtain required regulatory clearances or approvals before marketing our products (or before implementing modifications to or promoting additional indications or uses of our products), other violations of laws or regulations, failure to remediate inspectional observations to the satisfaction of these regulatory authorities, real or perceived efficacy or safety concerns or trends of adverse events with respect to our products (even after obtaining clearance for distribution) and unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from existing or future clinical trials can lead to FDA Form 483 Inspectional Observations, warning letters, notices to customers, declining sales, loss of customers, loss of market share, remediation and increased compliance costs, recalls, seizures of adulterated or misbranded products, fines, expenses, injunctions, civil penalties, criminal penalties, consent decrees, administrative detentions, refusals to permit importations, partial or total shutdown of production facilities or the implementation of operating restrictions, narrowing of permitted uses for a product, refusal of the government to grant 510(k) clearance, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, pre-market notification rescissions and other adverse effects referenced under the risk factor titled Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation; 
 32 

failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our business and financial statements. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly and time-consuming and may require significant personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions brought against us, our business may be impaired. Ensuring that our operations and business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable laws and regulations also involves substantial costs. 
 Our products can be subject to human clinical trials, the results of which may be unexpected, or perceived as unfavorable by the market, and could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 As a part of the regulatory process of obtaining marketing clearance for certain new products and new indications for certain existing products, we conduct and participate in clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations and trial endpoints. Unexpected or inconsistent clinical data from existing or future clinical trials, or a regulator s or market perception of these clinical data, can adversely impact our ability to obtain product approvals, our position in, and share of, the markets in which we participate and our business and financial statements. 
 Off-label marketing of our products could result in substantial penalties. 
 The FDA strictly regulates the promotional claims that may be made about approved or cleared products. In particular, any clearances we may receive only permit us to market our products for the intended uses indicated on the labeling cleared by the FDA. We may request additional label indications for our current products, and the FDA may deny those requests outright, require additional performance or clinical data to support any additional indications or impose limitations on the intended use of any cleared products as a condition of clearance. If the FDA or any other regulator determines that we have marketed our products for off-label use, we can be subject to exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs and the other adverse effects referenced under the risk factors set forth above. Any of these events could significantly harm our business and financial statements. 
 Certain modifications to our products may require new 510(k) clearances or other marketing authorizations and may require us to recall or cease marketing our products. 
 Once a medical device is permitted to be legally marketed in the United States pursuant to a 510(k) clearance or a premarket approval PMA ), a manufacturer may be required to notify the FDA of certain modifications to the device (similar requirements apply in other jurisdictions). Manufacturers determine in the first instance whether a change to a product requires a new 510(k) clearance or premarket submission, but the FDA may review any manufacturer s decision. The FDA may not agree with our decisions regarding whether new clearances are necessary. We have made modifications to our products in the past and have determined based on our review of the applicable FDA regulations and guidance that in certain instances new 510(k) clearances or other premarket submissions were not required. We may make similar modifications or add additional features in the future that we believe do not require a new clearance or approval. If the FDA disagrees with our determinations and requires us to submit new 510(k) notifications or PMA applications, we may be required to cease marketing or to recall the modified product until we obtain clearance, and we may be subject to civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and damage to our reputation. 
 Our operations, products and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health and safety liabilities, costs and violations that could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Our operations, products and services are subject to numerous U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. environmental, health and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things, the health and safety of our employees, the generation, storage, use and transportation of hazardous materials, emissions or discharges of substances into the environment, investigation and remediation of hazardous substances or materials at various sites, chemical constituents in products and end-of-life disposal and take-back programs for products sold. There can be no assurance that our environmental, health and safety compliance program (or the compliance programs of businesses we acquire) have been or will at all times be effective. Failure to comply with any of these laws can result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and damage to our reputation. In addition, there can be no assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our business or financial statements. 
 In addition, we from time to time incur costs related to remedial efforts or alleged environmental damage associated with past or current waste disposal practices or other hazardous materials handling practices. We are also from time to time party to personal injury, property damage or other claims brought by private parties alleging injury or damage due to the presence of or exposure to hazardous substances. We can also become subject to additional remedial, compliance or personal injury costs due to future events such as changes in existing laws or regulations, changes in agency direction or enforcement policies, developments in remediation technologies, changes in the conduct of our operations and changes in accounting rules. There can be no assurance that our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our reputation and financial statements or that we will not be subject to additional 
 33 

claims for personal injury or remediation in the future based on our past, present or future business activities. However, based on the information we have as of the date of this Annual Report we do not believe that it is reasonably possible that any amounts we may be required to pay in connection with environmental matters in excess of our reserves as of December 31, 2022, will have a material effect on our business or financial statements. 
 Changes in governmental regulations can reduce demand for our products or services or increase our expenses. 
 We compete in markets in which we and our customers must comply with supranational, federal, state, local and other jurisdictional regulations, such as regulations governing health and safety, the environment, food and drugs and privacy. We develop, configure and market our products and services to meet customer needs created by these regulations. Any significant change in any of these regulations (or in the interpretation or application thereof) can reduce demand for, increase our costs of producing or delay the introduction of new or modified products and services, or restrict our existing activities, products and services. For example, changes in the FDA s regulation of the drug discovery/development process can have an adverse effect on the demand for our products and services. 
 Exclusive forum provisions in our By-laws could limit our stockholders ability to choose their preferred judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our Amended and Restated By-laws (the By-laws provide that unless the Company selects or consents to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for any complaint asserting any internal corporate claims, to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to applicable jurisdictional requirements, will be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have, or declines to accept, jurisdiction, another state court or a federal court located within the State of Delaware) (collectively, Delaware Courts ). Current and former stockholders are deemed to have consented to the personal jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts in connection with any action to enforce such exclusive forum provision and to service of process in any such action. These provisions of the By-laws are not a waiver of, and do not relieve anyone of duties to comply with, federal securities laws including those specifying the exclusive jurisdiction of federal courts under the Exchange Act and concurrent jurisdiction of federal and state courts under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. To the extent that the exclusive forum provisions of our By-laws limit a current or former stockholder s ability to select a judicial forum other than the Delaware Courts, they might discourage the specified legal actions, might cause current or former stockholders to incur additional litigation-related expenses and might result in outcomes unfavorable to current or former stockholders. Alternatively, a court might determine that these provisions of the By-laws are inapplicable or unenforceable in any particular action, in which case we may incur additional litigation-related expenses in such action, and the action may result in outcomes unfavorable to us, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial statements. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had facilities in over 60 countries, including approximately 244 significant administrative, sales, research and development, manufacturing and distribution facilities. 90 of these facilities are located in the United States in over 20 states and 154 are located outside the United States, primarily in Europe and to a lesser extent in Asia, South America, Canada and Australia. Refer to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for additional information with respect to the Company s lease commitments. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For information regarding legal proceedings, refer to the section titled Legal Proceedings in MD A. 
 Consistent with SEC Regulation S-K Item 103, we have elected to disclose those environmental proceedings (if any) with a governmental entity as a party where the Company reasonably believes such proceeding would result in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, of 1 million or more. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 34 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Set forth below are the names, ages, positions and experience of Danaher s executive officers as of February 4, 2023. All of Danaher s executive officers hold office at the pleasure of Danaher s Board of Directors. Unless otherwise stated, the positions indicated are Danaher positions. 
 Name Age Position Officer Since Steven M. Rales 71 Chairman of the Board 1984 Mitchell P. Rales 66 Chairman of the Executive Committee 1984 Rainer M. Blair 58 President and Chief Executive Officer 2014 Matthew R. McGrew 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2019 Jennifer L. Honeycutt 53 Executive Vice President 2021 Joakim Weidemanis 53 Executive Vice President 2017 Georgeann F. Couchara 46 Senior Vice President - Human Resources 2022 Brian W. Ellis 56 Senior Vice President General Counsel 2016 Jose-Carlos Gutierrez-Ramos 60 Senior Vice President Chief Science Officer 2020 William H. King 55 Senior Vice President Strategic Development 2005 Daniel A. Raskas 56 Senior Vice President Corporate Development 2004 
 Steven M. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served on Danaher s Board of Directors since 1983, serving as Danaher s Chairman of the Board since 1984. He was also CEO of the Company from 1984 to 1990. Mr. Rales is a brother of Mitchell P. Rales. 
 Mitchell P. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served on Danaher s Board of Directors since 1983, serving as Chairman of the Executive Committee of Danaher since 1984. He was also President of the Company from 1984 to 1990. Mr. Rales is also a member of the board of directors of each of Enovis Corporation and ESAB Corporation, and is a brother of Steven M. Rales. 
 Rainer M. Blair has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2020, after serving as Executive Vice President from January 2017 to August 2020. 
 Matthew R. McGrew has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2019, after serving as Group CFO of Danaher from 2012 until December 2018. 
 Jennifer L. Honeycutt has served as Executive Vice President since January 2021 after serving as Vice President Group Executive from May 2019 until December 2020 and President of Danaher s Pall business from January 2017 until April 2019. 
 Joakim Weidemanis has served as Executive Vice President since December 2017. 
 Georgeann F. Couchara has served as Senior Vice President Human Resources since April 2022, after serving as Vice President-Talent from January 2021 to April 2022, Vice President Human Resources for Danaher s Life Sciences business from July 2019 to January 2021 and Senior Vice President-Human Resources and Communications for Danaher s Pall business from June 2017 to July 2019. 
 Brian W. Ellis has served as Senior Vice President General Counsel since joining Danaher in January 2016. 
 Jose-Carlos Gutierrez-Ramos has served as Senior Vice President Chief Science Officer since joining Danaher in December 2020. Prior to joining Danaher, Dr. Gutierrez-Ramos served as Vice President Drug Discovery for AbbVie, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from January 2020 to December 2020; as President and CEO of Repertoire Immune Medicines, a biotechnology company, from August 2018 until January 2020; and as President and CEO of Synlogic, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from August 2015 until August 2018. 
 William H. King has served as Senior Vice President Strategic Development since 2014. 
 Daniel A. Raskas has served as Senior Vice President Corporate Development since 2010. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DHR. As of February 3, 2023, there were 2,300 holders of record of Danaher s common stock. 
 Any future payments of dividends on the Company s common stock will be determined by Danaher s Board of Directors and will depend on business conditions, Danaher s earnings and other factors Danaher s Board deems relevant. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for a discussion of the Company s common stock repurchase program. Neither the Company nor any affiliated purchaser repurchased any shares of Company common stock during 2022, 2021 or 2020, other than as described in Note 19. 
 Recent Issuances of Unregistered Securities 
 None 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is designed to provide material information relevant to an assessment of Danaher s financial condition and results of operations, including an evaluation of the amounts and certainty of cash flows from operations and from outside sources. The MD A is designed to focus specifically on material events and uncertainties known to management that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be necessarily indicative of future operating results or of future financial condition. This includes descriptions and amounts of matters that have had a material impact on reported operations, as well as matters that are reasonably likely based on management s assessment to have a material impact on future operations. The Company s MD A is divided into five sections: 
 Overview 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 New Accounting Standards 
 This discussion and analysis should be read together with Danaher s audited financial statements and related Notes thereto as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report. Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for 2020 is included in Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K with respect to the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as supplemented by the discussion herein of the new Biotechnology and Life Sciences segments (which were previously reported together as the former Life Sciences segment), and should be referred to for information regarding this period. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results in this report refer to continuing operations. 
 OVERVIEW 
 General 
 Refer to Item 1. Business General for a discussion of Danaher s strategic objectives and methodologies for delivering long-term shareholder value. Danaher is a multinational business with global operations. During 2022, approximately 58 of Danaher s sales were derived from customers outside the United States. As a diversified, global business, Danaher s operations are affected by worldwide, regional and industry-specific economic and political factors. Danaher s geographic and industry diversity, as well as the range of its products and services, help limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The Company s individual businesses monitor key competitors and customers, including to the extent possible their sales, to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future. 
 As a result of the Company s geographic and industry diversity, the Company faces a variety of opportunities and challenges, including rapid technological development (particularly with respect to computing, automation, artificial intelligence, mobile connectivity, communications and digitization) in most of the Company s served markets, the expansion and evolution of opportunities in high-growth markets, trends and costs associated with a global labor force, consolidation of the Company s competitors and increasing regulation. The Company operates in a highly competitive business environment in most markets, and the Company s long-term growth and profitability will depend in particular on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions and identify and consummate appropriate investments and strategic partnerships, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services with higher gross profit margins, expand and improve the effectiveness of the Company s sales force, continue to reduce costs and improve operating efficiency and quality, and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment. The Company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions and investments, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources (particularly in high-growth markets) in order to be responsive to the Company s customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the Company s operations. 
 Business Performance 
 Consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 7.0 as compared to 2021. Acquisitions contributed 1.5 to the increase in revenues in 2022 and the impact of currency translation decreased reported sales 4.0 . Core sales 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 increased 9.5 in 2022 compared to 2021 (for the definition of core sales refer to Results of Operations below). The Company s continued investments in sales growth initiatives and the other business-specific factors referenced below contributed to core sales growth. Geographically, both high-growth and developed markets contributed to year-over-year core sales growth during 2022. Core sales in developed markets grew at a low-teens rate in 2022 as compared to 2021 and were driven by North America and Western Europe. Core sales in high-growth markets grew at a low-single digit rate in 2022 as compared to 2021, with broad-based growth across these markets, led by growth in China. High-growth markets represented approximately 29 of the Company s total sales in 2022. 
 The Company s net earnings from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 7.2 billion, compared to approximately 6.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net earnings attributable to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 7.1 billion or 9.66 per diluted common share compared to approximately 6.3 billion or 8.61 per diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net earnings in 2022 as compared to 2021 was driven by increased sales in the Company s existing businesses and sales from acquired businesses, by a lower effective tax rate in 2022 driven by discrete tax benefits and by the impact of the non-recurring charge incurred in 2021 related to the modification and partial termination of a prior commercial arrangement and resolution of the associated litigation recorded, partially offset by investment losses recorded in 2022. Refer to Results of Operations for further discussion of the year-over-year changes in net earnings and diluted net earnings per common share for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For a discussion of the impact of supply chain disruptions, labor availability constraints and increased labor costs on our businesses in 2022, please see Item 1. Business Materials. For a discussion of the impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on our businesses in 2022, please see Item 1. Business Russia-Ukraine Conflict. 
 The COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The global spread of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) has led to unprecedented restrictions on, and disruptions in, business and personal activities, including as a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses, our communities and governments have taken and are taking to mitigate the spread of the virus and to manage its impact. The Company continues to actively monitor the COVID-19 pandemic, including the current spread of certain variants of the virus and plan for potential impacts on its business. The Company has deployed our capabilities, expertise and scale to address the critical health needs related to COVID-19, including developing and making available diagnostic tests for the rapid detection of COVID-19 as well as providing critical support to firms that are developing and producing vaccines and therapies for COVID-19. While the conditions related to the pandemic generally improved in most geographies in 2022 compared to 2021, conditions vary significantly by geography. For example, during the first half of 2022, COVID-19 considerations resulted in the re-imposition of widespread shutdowns and restrictions in China. During the fourth quarter of 2022, China relaxed many of these restrictions and began experiencing increasing COVID-19 related cases resulting in lower patient volumes for elective procedures and wellness visits as hospitals prioritized treating COVID-19 related cases. These higher COVID-19 related cases in China are anticipated to continue at least into the first quarter of 2023. The resulting impact to the Company will depend upon the prevalence of COVID-19 in the impacted regions of China and the resulting impact on economic activity, including demand and production capacity. 
 Demand for the Company s products that support COVID-19 related vaccines and therapeutics (including initiatives that seek to prevent or mitigate similar, future pandemics) decreased in 2022 versus 2021. The Company expects overall demand for these products to decrease in 2023 versus 2022. Additionally, demand for the Company s products that support COVID-19 testing continues to fluctuate significantly driven by increases or decreases in COVID-19 cases in particular geographies. While sales of COVID-19 related testing products increased in 2022 compared to 2021, the Company expects overall demand for these products to decrease in 2023 as the pandemic subsides in most geographies and evolves toward endemic status. 
 Due to the speed with which the COVID-19 situation has evolved, the global breadth of its spread, the range of governmental and community responses thereto and our geographic and business line diversity, its further impact on our business remains highly uncertain, but may be materially negative to certain elements of our business. The potential negative impact will depend on future developments including but not limited to: 
 the degree of spread and severity of COVID-19 variants and government responses thereto; 
 the timing and durability of continued recovery in the global demand for our non-COVID-19 related products and services; and 
 the degree and pace of continuing declines in demand for products supporting COVID-19 testing and for products related to developing and producing vaccines and therapies for COVID-19. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 For additional information on the risks of COVID-19 to the Company s operations, refer to the Item 1A. Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. 
 Acquisitions 
 During 2022 the Company acquired 10 businesses for total consideration of 637 million in cash, net of cash acquired. The businesses acquired complement existing units of each of the Company s four segments. The aggregate annual sales of the 10 businesses acquired in 2022 at the time of their acquisition, in each case based on the company s revenues for its last completed fiscal year prior to the acquisition, were approximately 91 million. 
 Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion regarding the Company s acquisitions. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 In this report, references to the non-GAAP measures of core sales (also referred to as core revenues or sales/revenues from existing businesses) and core sales including Cytiva refer to sales from continuing operations calculated according to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP but excluding: 
 sales from acquired businesses (as defined below, as applicable); and 
 the impact of currency translation. 
 References to sales or operating profit attributable to acquisitions or acquired businesses refer to sales or operating profit, as applicable, from acquired businesses recorded prior to the first anniversary of the acquisition less any sales and operating profit, during the applicable period, attributable to divested product lines not considered discontinued operations; provided that in calculating core sales including Cytiva, Cytiva s sales (net of the sales of the Company product lines divested in 2020 to obtain regulatory approval to acquire Cytiva, or the divested product lines ( Cytiva sales are excluded from the definition of sales attributable to acquisitions or acquired businesses. The portion of revenue attributable to currency translation is calculated as the difference between: 
 the period-to-period change in revenue (excluding sales from acquired businesses (as defined above, as applicable)); and 
 the period-to-period change in revenue (excluding sales from acquired businesses (as defined above, as applicable)) after applying current period foreign exchange rates to the prior year period. 
 As noted above, beginning with results for the second quarter of 2020, the Company also presents core sales on a basis that includes Cytiva sales. Prior to the acquisition of Cytiva, Danaher calculated core sales solely on a basis that excluded sales from acquired businesses recorded prior to the first anniversary of the acquisition. However, given Cytiva s significant size and historical core sales growth rate, in each case compared to Danaher s existing businesses, management believes it is appropriate to also present core sales on a basis that includes Cytiva sales. Management believes this presentation provides useful information to investors by demonstrating beginning immediately after the acquisition Cytiva s impact on the Company s growth profile, rather than waiting to demonstrate such impact until 12 months after the acquisition when Cytiva would normally have been included in Danaher s core sales calculation. Danaher calculates period-to-period core sales growth including Cytiva by adding Cytiva sales to core sales for both the baseline and current periods. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, Cytiva sales are included in core sales, and therefore the measure core sales including Cytiva is no longer provided for quarterly periods beginning with the second quarter of 2021. 
 Core sales growth (and the related measure of core sales including Cytiva) should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for or superior to, sales, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Management believes that reporting these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in Danaher s business and facilitating comparisons of Danaher s revenue performance with its performance in prior and future periods and to Danaher s peers. Management also uses these non-GAAP financial measures to measure the Company s operating and financial performance and uses core sales growth (and previously used core sales growth including Cytiva) as one of the performance measures in the Company s executive short-term cash incentive program. The Company excludes the effect of currency translation from these measures because currency translation is not under management s control, is subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business trends, and excludes the effect of acquisitions (other than Cytiva sales, in the case of core sales growth including Cytiva) and divestiture-related items because the nature, size, timing and number of acquisitions and divestitures can vary dramatically from period-to-period and between the Company and its peers and can also obscure underlying business trends and make comparisons of long-term performance difficult. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Throughout this discussion, references to sales growth or decline refer to the impact of both price and unit sales and references to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies resulting from the ongoing application of DBS. 
 The Company deems acquisition-related transaction costs incurred in a given period to be significant (generally relating to the Company s larger acquisitions) if it determines that such costs exceed the range of acquisition-related transaction costs typical for Danaher in a given period. 
 Sales Growth, Core Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth Including Cytiva 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Total sales growth (GAAP) 7.0 32.0 Impact of: Acquisitions/divestitures (1.5) (7.5) Currency exchange rates 4.0 (1.5) Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 9.5 23.0 Impact of Cytiva sales growth (net of divested product lines) 2.0 Core sales growth including Cytiva (non-GAAP) 25.0 
 2022 Sales Compared to 2021 
 Total sales increased 7.0 on a year-over-year basis in 2022 primarily as a result of an increase in core sales resulting from the factors discussed below by segment as well as an increase in sales from acquired businesses. The impact of changes in currency exchange rates decreased reported sales by 4.0 on a year-over-year basis in 2022 primarily due to the unfavorable impact of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most other major currencies in 2022. 
 Operating Profit Performance 
 Operating profit margins were 27.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 25.3 in 2021. The following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons. 
 2022 vs. 2021 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: 
 Third quarter 2021 impact of the modification and partial termination of a prior commercial arrangement and resolution of the associated litigation - 185 basis points 
 Higher 2022 core sales and the impact of product mix, incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with continuing productivity improvement initiatives, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various new product development and sales, service and marketing growth investments and incremental year-over-year material, transportation and labor costs - 60 basis points 
 2021 acquisition-related fair value adjustments to inventory and transaction costs deemed significant, in each case related to the acquisition of Aldevron - 20 basis points 
 2021 acquisition-related fair value adjustments to inventory and deferred revenue related to the acquisition of Cytiva - 15 basis points. 
 2022 vs. 2021 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: 
 The incremental dilutive effect in 2022 of acquired businesses, net of product line dispositions which did not qualify as discontinued operations - 30 basis points 
 2022 impairments of accounts receivable and inventory as well as accruals for contractual obligations in Russia - 15 basis points 
 Fourth quarter 2022 costs incurred related to the anticipated separation of the Company's Environmental Applied Solutions business - 5 basis points 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Business Segments 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company realigned its reportable segments to reflect changes in the Company s internal organization resulting from the rate of growth within certain of the Company s businesses in the former Life Sciences segment. There were no changes to the Company s Diagnostics or Environmental Applied Solutions segments. Prior period amounts have been restated to conform to the revised segment presentation. Sales by business segment for the years ended December 31 are as follows in millions): 
 2022 2021 2020 Biotechnology 8,758 8,570 5,276 Life Sciences 7,036 6,388 5,300 Diagnostics 10,849 9,844 7,403 Environmental Applied Solutions 4,828 4,651 4,305 Total 31,471 29,453 22,284 
 For information regarding the Company s sales by geographical region, refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

BIOTECHNOLOGY 
 The Biotechnology segment includes the bioprocessing and discovery and medical businesses and offers a broad range of tools, consumables and services that are primarily used by customers to advance and accelerate the research, development, manufacture and delivery of biological medicines. The biotherapeutics that the Company s solutions support range from replacement therapies such as insulin, vaccines, recombinant proteins and other biologic drugs, to novel cell, gene, mRNA and other nucleic acid therapies. 
 Biotechnology Selected Financial Data 
 Year Ended December 31 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Sales 8,758 8,570 5,276 Operating profit 3,008 3,074 1,082 Depreciation 190 158 91 Amortization of intangible assets 812 901 670 Operating profit as a of sales 34.3 35.9 20.5 Depreciation as a of sales 2.2 1.8 1.7 Amortization as a of sales 9.3 10.5 12.7 
 Sales Growth, Core Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth Including Cytiva 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Total sales growth (GAAP) 2.0 62.5 Impact of: Acquisitions/divestitures (0.5) (31.5) Currency exchange rates 4.5 (1.5) Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 6.0 29.5 Impact of Cytiva sales growth (net of divested product lines) 7.0 Core sales growth including Cytiva (non-GAAP) 36.5 
 2022 Sales Compared to 2021 
 Price increases in the segment contributed 4.0 to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2022 as compared with 2021 and are reflected as a component of the change in core revenue growth. 
 During 2022, total Biotechnology segment sales increased 2.0 primarily as a result of increased core sales resulting from the factors discussed below, partially offset by the impact of changes in currency exchange rates due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar in 2022 compared to 2021. Increased year-over-year core sales in the segment s bioprocessing business were led by North America and Western Europe as the business experienced strong underlying demand for non-COVID-19 related 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 instruments and consumables offsetting a decline in sales of instruments and consumables used in the research, development and production of COVID-19 related treatments and vaccines and the completion of a major project in China during 2021. Core sales of the businesses COVID-19 related products decreased year-over-year as a result of lower underlying demand for COVID-19 related therapeutics and vaccines and as customers reduce inventory levels of these products in light of this lower demand. Core sales for the discovery and medical business increased in 2022 compared to 2021 driven by higher sales of lab filtration and protein research products. Geographically, core sales in the discovery and medical business were led by North America, Western Europe and China. 
 2021 Sales Compared to 2020 
 Price increases in the segment contributed 2.0 to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2021 as compared with 2020 and are reflected as a component of the change in core revenue growth. 
 During 2021, total Biotechnology segment sales increased 62.5 primarily as a result of increased sales from the acquisition of Cytiva on March 31, 2020 (the Cytiva Acquisition ), increased core sales resulting from the factors discussed below and the impact of changes in currency exchange rates due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar against most major currencies in 2021 compared to 2020. In 2021, the bioprocessing business experienced significant increased year-over-year core sales, driven by demand for instruments and consumables used in the research and development and production of COVID-19 therapeutics and vaccines and increased demand for non-COVID-19 related products as well as from the completion of a major project in China. Geographically, demand for these products increased across all major geographies, led by North America, Western Europe and China. Core sales for the discovery and medical business increased in 2021 compared to 2020 driven by higher sales of protein research and lab filtration products. 
 Operating Profit Performance 
 Operating profit margins declined 160 basis points during 2022 as compared to 2021. The following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons. 
 2022 vs. 2021 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: 
 Incremental year-over-year costs associated with various new product development, sales, service and marketing growth investments, restructuring and continuing productivity improvement initiatives, the impact of product mix, and incremental year-over-year material, transportation and labor costs, net of the impact of higher 2022 core sales - 170 basis points 
 The incremental dilutive effect in 2022 of acquired businesses - 30 basis points 
 2022 impairment of accounts receivable and inventory in Russia - 15 basis points 
 2022 vs. 2021 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: 
 2021 acquisition-related fair value adjustments to inventory and deferred revenue, in each case related to the acquisition of Cytiva - 55 basis points 
 Depreciation as a percentage of sales increased in 2022 as compared with 2021 as the increase in depreciation attributable to assets related to the acquisition of Cytiva and capital expenditures exceeded the increase in sales. Amortization of intangible assets as a percentage of sales decreased in 2022 as compared with 2021 primarily due to the increase in sales. 
 Operating profit margins increased 1,540 basis points during 2021 as compared to 2020. The following factors favorably impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons. 
 2020 acquisition-related fair value adjustments to inventory and deferred revenue, transaction costs deemed significant and integration preparation costs, net of 2021 acquisition-related fair value adjustments to inventory and deferred revenue in each case related to the acquisition of Cytiva - 875 basis points 
 Higher 2021 core sales, the impact of product mix and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various new product development and sales and marketing growth investments and incremental year-over-year material and labor costs - 585 basis points 
 The incremental accretive effect in 2021 of acquired businesses, net of product line dispositions which did not qualify as discontinued operations - 80 basis points 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation as a percentage of sales increased in 2021 as compared with 2020 as the increase in depreciation attributable to assets related to the acquisition of Cytiva and capital expenditures exceeded the increase in sales. Amortization of intangible assets as a percentage of sales decreased in 2021 as compared with 2020 primarily due to increased sales from the acquisition of Cytiva exceeding the increase in amortization. 

LIFE SCIENCES 
 The Life Sciences segment offers a broad range of instruments and consumables that are primarily used by customers to study the basic building blocks of life, including DNA and RNA, nucleic acid, proteins, metabolites and cells, in order to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies, and test and manufacture new drugs, vaccines and gene editing technologies. Additionally, the segment provides products and consumables used to filter and remove contaminants from a variety of liquids and gases in many end-market applications. 
 Life Sciences Selected Financial Data 
 Year Ended December 31 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Sales 7,036 6,388 5,300 Operating profit 1,414 1,293 972 Depreciation 112 100 92 Amortization of intangible assets 419 282 200 Operating profit as a of sales 20.1 20.2 18.3 Depreciation as a of sales 1.6 1.6 1.7 Amortization as a of sales 6.0 4.4 3.8 
 Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Total sales growth (GAAP) 10.0 20.5 Impact of: Acquisitions/divestitures (5.5) (2.0) Currency exchange rates 5.0 (1.5) Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 9.5 17.0 
 2022 Sales Compared to 2021 
 Price increases in the segment contributed 5.0 to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2022 as compared with 2021 and are reflected as a component of the change in core revenue growth. 
 During 2022, total Life Sciences segment sales increased 10.0 primarily as a result of increased core sales resulting from the factors discussed below and increased sales from acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of changes in currency exchange rates due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar in 2022 compared to 2021. Core sales for the Company s flow cytometry, genomics, lab automation, centrifugation, particle counting and characterization business decreased in 2022 primarily as a result of declines in Western Europe due to lower demand for genomic sample preparation consumables used in COVID-19 testing. These declines were partially offset by core sales growth in all other major product lines, led geographically by North America and China. Core sales in the mass spectrometry business increased in 2022 across all major end-markets driven in part by demand from recent product launches. Geographically, demand increased across all major geographies, led by North America, Western Europe and China. In 2022, core sales for the genomic consumables businesses increased compared to 2021 due to strong demand across most major product lines, led geographically by North America. Core sales for the industrial filtration business increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due to strong demand for these products across all major end-markets, led by microelectronics, aerospace and fluid technology and asset protection. Core sales for the industrial filtration business increased across all major geographies. 
 2021 Sales Compared to 2020 
 Price increases in the segment contributed 1.5 to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2021 as compared with 2020 and are reflected as a component of the change in core revenue growth. 
 During 2021, total Life Sciences segment sales increased 20.5 primarily as a result of increased core sales resulting from the factors discussed below, increased sales from acquisitions and the impact of changes in currency exchange rates due to the 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 weakening of the U.S. dollar in 2021 compared to 2020. Core sales for the Company s flow cytometry, genomics, lab automation, centrifugation, particle counting and characterization business increased in 2021 across all major geographies, led by North America and Western Europe. Core sales for the business were driven by demand earlier in the year for genomic sample preparation consumables related to COVID-19 as well as demand for flow cytometry products. Core sales in the mass spectrometry business increased in 2021 across all major end-markets driven in part by demand for new products. Geographically, demand increased across all major geographies, led by North America, Western Europe and China. In 2021, core sales for the industrial filtration business increased compared to 2020 due to strong demand for these products led by the microelectronics end-market, partially offset by weaker demand in the aerospace end-market. Geographically, core sales for the business were led by China and other high-growth markets, partially offset by North America. 
 The acquisition of Aldevron on August 30, 2021 has provided, and is expected to continue to provide, additional sales and earnings growth opportunities for the Company s Life Sciences segment by expanding the business product line diversity, including new product and service offerings that complement the Company s genomic medicine solutions. Since acquisition, Aldevron has seen sales growth in all major product lines compared to the prior year period. 
 Operating Profit Performance 
 Operating profit margins declined 10 basis points during 2022 as compared to 2021. The following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons. 
 2022 vs. 2021 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: 
 2021 acquisition-related fair value adjustments to inventory and transaction costs deemed significant, in each case related to the acquisition of Aldevron - 90 basis points 
 Higher 2022 core sales, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various sales and marketing growth investments, incremental year-over-year material, transportation and labor costs and incremental restructuring and continuing productivity improvement initiatives - 50 basis points 
 2022 vs. 2021 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: 
 The incremental dilutive effect in 2022 of acquired businesses, net of product line dispositions which did not qualify as discontinued operations - 115 basis points 
 2022 impairment of accounts receivable and inventory as well as accruals for contractual obligations in Russia - 35 basis points 
 Depreciation as a percentage of sales was consistent in 2022 as compared with 2021. Amortization of intangible assets as a percentage of sales increased in 2022 as compared with 2021 primarily as a result of the increase in intangible assets related to the acquisition of Aldevron. 
 Operating profit margins increased 190 basis points during 2021 as compared to 2020. The following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons. 
 2021 vs. 2020 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: 
 Higher 2021 core sales and the impact of product mix, incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with continuing productivity improvement initiatives and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with various new product development and sales and marketing growth investments and incremental year-over-year material and labor costs - 360 basis points 
 2021 vs. 2020 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: 
 2021 acquisition-related fair value adjustments to inventory and transaction costs deemed significant, in each case related to the acquisition of Aldevron - 90 basis points 
 The incremental dilutive effect in 2021 of acquired businesses, net of product line dispositions which did not qualify as discontinued operations - 80 basis points 
 Depreciation as a percentage of sales were relatively consistent in 2021 as compared with 2020. Amortization of intangible assets as a percentage of sales increased in 2021 as compared with 2020 primarily due to the increase in intangible assets related to the acquisition of Aldevron. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 DIAGNOSTICS 
 The Diagnostics segment offers clinical instruments, reagents, consumables, software and services that hospitals, physicians offices, reference laboratories and other critical care settings use to diagnose disease and make treatment decisions. 
 Diagnostics Selected Financial Data 
 Year Ended December 31 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Sales 10,849 9,844 7,403 Operating profit 3,436 2,313 1,538 Depreciation 387 409 397 Amortization of intangible assets 203 205 205 Operating profit as a of sales 31.7 23.5 20.8 Depreciation as a of sales 3.6 4.2 5.4 Amortization as a of sales 1.9 2.1 2.8 
 Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Total sales growth (GAAP) 10.0 33.0 Impact of: Acquisitions/divestitures (0.5) (0.5) Currency exchange rates 4.0 (1.5) Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 13.5 31.0 
 2022 Sales Compared to 2021 
 Price increases in the segment contributed 1.0 to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2022 as compared with 2021 and are reflected as a component of the change in core sales growth. 
 During 2022, total segment sales increased 10.0 primarily as a result of increased core sales resulting from the factors discussed below, particularly higher year-over-year core sales of molecular diagnostics tests for COVID-19 which contributed significantly to overall segment core sales growth, partially offset by the impact of changes in currency exchange rates. Core sales in the molecular diagnostics business increased on a year-over-year basis led by North America and Western Europe as the business experienced strong growth in sales of consumables. The increase was driven primarily by increased sales of diagnostic test solutions for COVID-19 as well as higher year-over-year demand for non-respiratory disease tests. Additional production capacity added in 2021 allowed the business to produce more diagnostic tests in 2022 and meet continued strong demand by private and government customers. Core sales in the segment s clinical lab business grew on a year-over-year basis as increased demand in North America and Japan offset weaker demand in China where COVID-19 related restrictions reduced patient volumes. During 2022, core sales in the acute care diagnostic business increased year-over-year primarily due to increased demand for its blood gas product line. Geographically, demand was driven by Western Europe, North America and China. Core sales in the pathology business grew year-over-year across all major geographies, driven by increased demand for core histology, advanced staining and pathology imaging products. 
 Operating Profit Performance 
 Operating profit margins increased 820 basis points during 2022 as compared to 2021. The following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons. 
 2022 vs. 2021 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: 
 Third quarter 2021 impact of the modification and partial termination of a prior commercial arrangement and resolution of the associated litigation - 555 basis point s 
 Higher 2022 core sales and the impact of product mix, net of incremental year-over-year costs associated with material, transportation and labor, restructuring and continuing productivity improvement initiatives, sales and marketing growth initiatives and various new product development initiatives - 250 basis points 
 The incremental accretive effect in 2022 of acquired businesses - 10 basis points 
 First quarter 2021 impairment charge related to a trade name - 10 basis points 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 2022 vs. 2021 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: 
 2022 impairments of accounts receivable as well as accruals for contractual obligations in Russia - 5 basis points 
 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets both decreased as a percentage of sales during 2022 as compared with 2021, primarily as a result of the increase in sales. 

ENVIRONMENTAL APPLIED SOLUTIONS 
 The Environmental Applied Solutions segment offers products and services that help protect precious resources and keep global food and water supplies safe. The Company s water quality business provides instrumentation, consumables, software, services and disinfection systems to help analyze, treat and manage the quality of ultra-pure, potable, industrial, waste, ground, source and ocean water in residential, commercial, municipal, industrial and natural resource applications. The Company s product identification business provides instruments, software, services and consumables for various color and appearance management, packaging design and quality management, packaging converting, printing, marking, coding and traceability applications for consumer, pharmaceutical and industrial products. 
 Environmental Applied Solutions Selected Financial Data 
 Year Ended December 31 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Sales 4,828 4,651 4,305 Operating profit 1,135 1,054 979 Depreciation 40 44 47 Amortization of intangible assets 50 62 63 Operating profit as a of sales 23.5 22.7 22.7 Depreciation as a of sales 0.8 0.9 1.1 Amortization as a of sales 1.0 1.3 1.5 
 Sales Growth and Core Sales Growth 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Total sales growth (GAAP) 4.0 8.0 Impact of: Acquisitions/divestitures 0.5 1.5 Currency exchange rates 3.5 (1.5) Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 8.0 8.0 
 2022 Sales Compared to 2021 
 Price increases in the segment contributed 7.5 to sales growth on a year-over-year basis during 2022 as compared with 2021 and are reflected as a component of the change in core revenue growth. 
 In 2022, total Environmental Applied Solutions segment sales increased 4.0 , primarily as a result of core sales growth driven by the factors discussed below, partially offset by the impact of changes in currency exchange rates and divestitures, net of acquisitions. 
 On an overall basis, in 2022 core sales in the segment s water quality businesses increased at a low-double digit rate. Year-over-year core sales in the analytical instrumentation product line increased driven by higher core sales in the municipal and industrial end-markets. Geographically, core sales growth was led by North America and Western Europe. Core sales in the chemical treatment solutions product line increased as a result of higher core sales across all major end-markets. Geographically, the increase in core sales of chemical treatment solutions was driven by North America and Latin America. 
 The segment s product identification businesses core sales grew at a mid-single digit rate. Core sales in the marking and coding business increased led by the food and beverage end-market. Geographically, core sales growth was led by North America, Western Europe and Latin America, partially offset by the core sales decline from the suspension of shipments to Russia. Year-over-year core sales in the packaging and color solutions products and services business increased, geographically led by Western Europe. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 In September 2022, the Company announced its intention to spin-off its Environmental Applied Solutions business into a publicly traded company. The transaction is expected to be tax-free to the Company s shareholders. The Company is targeting to complete the EAS Separation in the fourth quarter of 2023, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including obtaining final approval from the Danaher Board of Directors, satisfactory completion of financing, receipt of tax opinions, receipt of favorable rulings from the Internal Revenue Service IRS and receipt of other regulatory approvals. 
 Operating Profit Performance 
 Operating profit margins increased 80 basis points during 2022 as compared to 2021. The following factors impacted year-over-year operating profit margin comparisons. 
 2022 vs. 2021 operating profit margin comparisons were favorably impacted by: 
 Higher 2022 core sales and incrementally lower year-over-year costs associated with various new product development initiatives, net of the impact of product mix, incremental year-over-year costs associated with material, transportation and labor and restructuring and continuing productivity improvement initiatives and incremental year-over-year costs for sales, service and marketing growth investments - 85 basis points 
 The incremental net accretive effect in 2022 of acquired businesses and product line dispositions which did not qualify as discontinued operations - 20 basis points 
 2022 vs. 2021 operating profit margin comparisons were unfavorably impacted by: 
 Second quarter 2022 impairment charge related to technology and customer relationships - 20 basis points 
 2022 impairments of accounts receivable and inventory in Russia - 5 basis points 
 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets as a percentage of sales decreased in 2022 as compared with 2021 primarily as a result of the increase in sales. 

COST OF SALES AND GROSS PROFIT 
 Year Ended December 31 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Sales 31,471 29,453 22,284 Cost of sales (12,522) (11,501) (9,809) Gross profit 18,949 17,952 12,475 Gross profit margin 60.2 61.0 56.0 
 The year-over-year increase in cost of sales during 2022 as compared with 2021 was due primarily to the impact of higher year-over-year sales volumes, including sales volumes from recently acquired businesses and incremental year-over-year costs associated with material, transportation, labor and restructuring and continuing productivity improvement initiatives. This increase was partially offset by lower incremental year-over-year acquisition-related charges associated with fair value adjustments to inventory in connection with the 2021 acquisition of Aldevron, which increased cost of sales by 59 million in 2021. 
 The year-over-year decrease in gross profit margin during 2022 as compared with 2021 was driven by incremental year-over-year costs associated with material, transportation, labor and restructuring and continuing productivity improvement initiatives. In addition, the gross profit margin was negatively impacted by a 2022 inventory charge related to reduction of business activities in Russia. Gross profit margins declines were partially offset by increased year-over-year core sales and product mix as well as the impact of acquisition-related charges incurred in 2021. The 2021 acquisition-related charges of 76 million included fair value adjustments to deferred revenue related to the acquisition of Cytiva and fair value adjustments to inventory in connection with the acquisitions of Aldevron and Cytiva. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 OPERATING EXPENSES 
 Year Ended December 31 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Sales 31,471 29,453 22,284 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses (8,516) (8,198) (6,896) Research and development R D expenses (1,745) (1,742) (1,348) Other operating expenses (547) SG A as a of sales 27.1 27.8 30.9 R D as a of sales 5.5 5.9 6.0 Other operating expenses as a of sales 1.9 
 SG A expenses as a percentage of sales declined 70 basis points on a year-over-year basis for 2022 compared with 2021. The decline was driven by the benefit of increased leverage of the Company s general and administrative cost base, including amortization expense, resulting from higher 2022 sales, including sales volumes from recently acquired businesses, as well as incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with continuing productivity improvement initiatives. The Company s 2021 transaction costs for the acquisition of Aldevron also benefited the year-over-year comparison of SG A as a percentage of sales. These decreases were partially offset by continued investments in sales and marketing growth initiatives, increased labor costs and incremental restructuring and continuing productivity improvement costs as well as higher amortization expense. Additionally, the declines were partially offset by charges related to impairments of certain accounts receivable and accrual of contractual obligations incurred in Russia and by an impairment charge related to technology and customer relationships incurred in 2022, net of the impact of an impairment charge related to a trade name in 2021. 
 R D expenses (consisting principally of internal and contract engineering personnel costs) as a percentage of sales declined in 2022 as compared with 2021, primarily due to the sales growth rate exceeding the spending growth related to new product development initiatives. 
 Other operating expenses and other operating expenses as a percentage of sales decreased in 2022 compared with 2021 as a result of the contract settlement expense related to the modification and partial termination of a prior commercial arrangement and resolution of the associated litigation during 2021. Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

NONOPERATING INCOME (EXPENSE) 
 Nonoperating income (expense) consists primarily of net unrealized and realized gains/losses resulting from changes in the fair value of the Company s investments in equity securities and investments in partnerships, the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit costs, gains on the sale of product lines and impairments of equity method investments. Refer to Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 LOSS ON EARLY EXTINGUISHMENT OF BORROWINGS 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company redeemed the 800 million aggregate principal amount of 2.5 senior unsecured notes due 2025 at a redemption price equal to the outstanding principal amount and a make-whole premium as specified in the applicable indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a loss on early extinguishment of these borrowings related to the payment of the make-whole premiums and deferred costs in connection with the redemption of 96 million 73 million after-tax). The Company funded the redemption using available cash balances, including proceeds from the fourth quarter 2021 issuance of the 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.8 senior unsecured notes due 2051. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company redeemed the 800 million aggregate principal amount of 1.7 senior unsecured notes due 2022 at a redemption price equal to the outstanding principal amount and a make-whole premium as specified in the applicable indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a loss on early extinguishment of these borrowings of 26 million 20 million after-tax) related to the payment of make-whole premiums in connection with the redemption. The Company funded the redemption using available cash balances, including proceeds from the fourth quarter 2020 issuance of the 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.6 senior unsecured notes due 2050. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 INTEREST COSTS 
 Interest expense of 211 million for 2022 was 27 million lower than in 2021, due primarily to lower average debt balances in 2022 compared to 2021 and the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar in 2022 on the interest expense for the Company s foreign currency denominated debt (and U.S. dollar debt that has been effectively converted into foreign currency through cross-currency swap derivative contracts). Interest income of 41 million for 2022 was 30 million higher than in 2021, due primarily to higher interest rates and higher cash balances in 2022. 
 For a further description of the Company s debt and cross-currency swap derivative contracts related to the debt as of December 31, 2022 refer to Notes 14 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

INCOME TAXES 
 General 
 Income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management s assessment of future taxes expected to be paid on items reflected in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company records the tax effect of discrete items and items that are reported net of their tax effects in the period in which they occur. 
 The Company s effective tax rate can be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with different statutory tax rates (including as a result of business acquisitions and dispositions), changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, accruals related to contingent tax liabilities and period-to-period changes in such accruals, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns (as further discussed below), the expiration of statutes of limitations, the implementation of tax planning strategies, tax rulings, court decisions, settlements with tax authorities, changes in tax laws and regulations, and legislative policy changes that may result from the OECD s initiative on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting. For a description of the tax treatment of earnings that are planned to be reinvested indefinitely outside the United States, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash and Cash Requirements below. 
 The amount of income taxes the Company pays is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and non-U.S. tax authorities, which often result in proposed assessments. Management performs a comprehensive review of its global tax positions on a quarterly basis. Based on these reviews, which take into account the results of discussions and resolutions of matters with certain tax authorities and the other factors referenced in the prior paragraph, reserves for contingent tax liabilities are accrued or adjusted as necessary. For a discussion of risks related to these and other tax matters, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 Year-Over-Year Changes in the Tax Provision and Effective Tax Rate 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Effective tax rate from continuing operations 13.1 16.5 18.9 
 The Company s effective tax rate for 2022 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 due principally to net deferred tax benefits resulting from legal and operational actions undertaken to realign certain of its businesses, as well as excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation, the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions due to the expiration of statutes of limitation and audit settlements and changes in estimates related to prior year tax filing positions, net of changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions. 
 The Company s effective tax rate for 2021 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 due principally to net discrete benefits related primarily to the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions due to the expiration of statutes of limitation and audit settlements and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation, net of changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions. 
 The Company conducts business globally and files numerous consolidated and separate income tax returns in the U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The non-U.S. countries in which the Company has a significant presence include China, Denmark, Germany, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. Excluding these jurisdictions, the Company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate of any individual non-U.S. country would not have a material effect on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements given the geographic dispersion of the Company s taxable income. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are routinely examined by various U.S. and non-U.S. taxing authorities. The IRS has completed substantially all of the examinations of the Company s federal income tax returns through 2015 and is currently examining certain of the Company s federal income tax returns for 2016 through 2018. In addition, the Company has subsidiaries in Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and various other countries, states and provinces that are currently under audit for years ranging from 2004 through 2021. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Similar to the position it took in connection with the audit of the Company s taxable income for the years 2012 through 2015, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the IRS proposed significant adjustments to the Company s taxable income for the years 2016 through 2018 with respect to the deferral of tax on certain premium income related to the Company s self-insurance programs. The settlement of this matter for the 2012 through 2015 audit was not material to the Company s financial statements but did not preclude the IRS from proposing similar adjustments in future audit periods, as the IRS has with the 2022 assessment. For income tax purposes, the recognition of premium income has been deferred in accordance with U.S. tax laws related to insurance. The IRS is challenging the deferral of premium income for certain types of the Company s self-insurance policies. The proposed adjustments would increase the Company s taxable income over the 2016 through 2018 periods by approximately 2.5 billion. Due to the enactment of the TCJA in 2017 and the resulting reduction in the U.S. corporate tax rate for years after 2017, the Company remeasured its deferred tax liabilities related to the temporary differences associated with this deferred premium income from 35.0 to 21.0 . If the Company is unsuccessful in defending its position, taxes owed to the IRS may be computed under the previous 35.0 statutory tax rate and the Company may be required to remeasure the related deferred tax liabilities from 21.0 to 35.0 , which in addition to any interest due on the amounts assessed, would require a charge to future earnings. Management believes the positions the Company has taken in its U.S. tax returns are in accordance with the relevant tax laws and intends to vigorously defend these positions. 
 Tax authorities in Denmark have issued tax assessments related to interest accrued by certain of the Company s subsidiaries for the years 2004 through 2015. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company received a notice from the Danish tax authorities that included a significant reduction in the interest amounts imposed in the original tax assessments. Taking into account the revised interest amounts, the assessments total approximately DKK 2.1 billion including applicable accrued interest (approximately 298 million based on the exchange rate as of December 31, 2022). The Company s appeal of the tax assessments with the Danish National Tax Tribunal has been put on hold awaiting the final outcome of other preceding withholding tax cases that have been brought before the Danish High Court and the Danish Supreme Court. Management believes the positions the Company has taken in Denmark are in accordance with the relevant tax laws and is vigorously defending its positions. The Company intends on pursuing this matter through the Danish High Court and the Danish Supreme Court should the appeal to the Danish National Tax Tribunal be unsuccessful. While the ultimate resolution of this matter is uncertain and could take many years, taking into account the payments the Company has previously made related to these assessments in order to mitigate further interest accrual claims, the Company does not expect the resolution of this matter will have a future material adverse impact to the Company s financial statements, including its cash flow and effective tax rate. 
 The Company expects its 2023 effective tax rate to be approximately 19.5 which is higher than the 2022 rate due primarily to the impact of net discrete tax benefits on the 2022 effective tax rate that are not expected to repeat in 2023 and the geographic mix of earnings anticipated for 2023. Any future legislative changes in the United States and/or potential tax reform in other jurisdictions could cause the Company s effective tax rate to differ from this estimate. Refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to income taxes. 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS AND ENVIRONMENTAL APPLIED SOLUTIONS SEPARATION 
 Fortive Corporation Separation 
 On July 2, 2016, the Company completed the separation of its former Test Measurement segment, Industrial Technologies segment (excluding the product identification businesses) and retail/commercial petroleum business by distributing to Danaher stockholders on a pro rata basis all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Fortive Corporation Fortive ), the entity the Company incorporated to hold such businesses. In 2021, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of 86 million related to the release of previously provided reserves associated with uncertain tax positions on certain of the Company s tax returns which were jointly filed with Fortive entities. These reserves were released due to the expiration of statutes of limitations for those returns. This income tax benefit is included in earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 Environmental Applied Solutions Separation 
 In September 2022, the Company announced its intention to spin-off its Environmental Applied Solutions business into a publicly traded company. The transaction is expected to be tax-free to the Company s shareholders. The Company is targeting to complete the EAS Separation in the fourth quarter of 2023, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including obtaining final approval from the Danaher Board of Directors, satisfactory completion of financing, receipt of tax opinions, receipt of favorable rulings from the IRS and receipt of other regulatory approvals. 
 Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Comprehensive income decreased by 410 million in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily driven by the impact of higher losses from foreign currency translation adjustments in 2022 compared to 2021 and a decrease in the income from pension and postretirement plan benefit adjustments and cash flow hedge adjustments in 2022 compared to 2021, partially offset by higher net earnings in 2022 compared to 2021. The Company recorded a foreign currency translation loss of approximately 2.1 billion for 2022 compared to a loss of approximately 1.3 billion for 2021. The Company recorded a pension and postretirement plan benefit gain of 209 million for 2022 compared to a gain of 378 million for 2021. The Company recorded gains from cash flow hedge adjustments related to the Company s derivative contracts in 2022 of 51 million compared to gains of 247 million in 2021. 

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT 
 The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices as well as credit risk, each of which could impact its Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company generally addresses its exposure to these risks through its normal operating and financing activities. The Company also periodically uses derivative financial instruments to manage foreign exchange risks and interest rate risks. In addition, the Company s broad-based business activities help to reduce the impact that volatility in any particular area or related areas may have on its financial statements as a whole. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company manages interest cost using a mixture of fixed-rate and at times variable-rate debt. A change in interest rates on fixed-rate debt impacts the fair value of the debt but not the Company s earnings or cash flow because the interest on such debt is fixed. Generally, the fair market value of fixed-rate debt will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. As of December 31, 2022, an increase of 100 basis points in interest rates would have decreased the fair value of the Company s fixed-rate long-term debt by approximately 1.5 billion. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no variable-rate debt obligations, however, the interest rates of the Company s euro-based commercial paper borrowings are fixed based on short-term market rates at the time of issuance (refer to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the Company s outstanding commercial paper balances as of December 31, 2022). As a result, the Company s primary interest rate exposure results from changes in short-term interest rates. As these shorter duration obligations mature, the Company may issue additional short-term commercial paper obligations to refinance all or part of these borrowings, to the extent commercial paper markets are available. In 2022, the average annual interest rate associated with the Company s outstanding commercial paper borrowings was approximately 43 basis points. A hypothetical increase of this average by 100 basis points would have increased the Company s 2022 interest expense by approximately 21 million. 
 Refer to Results of Operations Interest Costs for discussion of the Company s cross-currency swap derivative contracts and interest rate swap agreements. 
 Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 The Company faces transactional exchange rate risk from transactions with customers in countries outside the United States and from intercompany transactions between affiliates. Transactional exchange rate risk arises from the purchase and sale of goods and services in currencies other than Danaher s functional currency or the functional currency of its applicable subsidiary. The Company also faces translational exchange rate risk related to the translation of financial statements of its foreign operations into U.S. dollars, Danaher s functional currency. Costs incurred and sales recorded by subsidiaries operating outside of the United States are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates effective during the respective period. As a result, the Company is exposed to movements in the exchange rates of various currencies against the U.S. dollar. In particular, the Company has more sales in European currencies than it has expenses in those currencies. Therefore, when European currencies strengthen or weaken against the U.S. dollar, operating profits are increased or decreased, respectively. The effect of a change in currency exchange rates on the Company s net investment in non-U.S. subsidiaries is reflected in the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component of stockholders equity. 
 Currency exchange rates negatively impacted 2022 reported sales on a year-over-year basis primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most major currencies during 2022. If the currency exchange rates in effect as of December 31, 2022 were to prevail throughout 2023, the Company s 2023 sales would be essentially flat relative to 2022 sales. Strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies compared to the exchange rates in effect as of December 31, 2022 would adversely impact the Company s sales and results of operations on an overall basis. Any weakening of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies compared to the exchange rates in effect as of December 31, 2022 would positively impact the Company s sales and results of operations. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has generally accepted the exposure to exchange rate movements without using derivative financial instruments to manage this transactional exchange risk, although the Company has used foreign currency-denominated debt and cross-currency swaps to hedge a portion of its net investments in non-U.S. operations against adverse movements in exchange rates. Both positive and negative movements in currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar will continue to affect the reported amount of sales and net earnings in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, the Company has assets and liabilities held in foreign currencies. A 10 depreciation in major currencies relative to the U.S. dollar as of December 31, 2022 would have reduced foreign currency-denominated net assets and stockholders equity by approximately 1.7 billion. Refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the Company s hedging of a portion of its net investment in non-U.S. operations. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 The Company s investment portfolio from time to time includes publicly-traded equity securities that are sensitive to fluctuations in market price. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held 16 million of publicly-traded equity securities, excluding equity-method investments. Additionally, the Company holds non-marketable equity investments in privately held companies that may be impacted by equity price risks. These non-marketable equity investments are accounted for under the Fair Value Alternative method with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. Volatility in the equity markets or other fair value considerations could affect the value of these investments and require losses or gains to be recognized in earnings. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 For a discussion of risks relating to commodity prices, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Credit Risk 
 The Company is exposed to potential credit losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to its financial instruments. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist of cash and temporary investments, receivables from customers and derivatives. The Company places cash and temporary investments with various high-quality financial institutions throughout the world and exposure is limited at any one institution. Although the Company typically does not obtain collateral or other security to secure these obligations, it does regularly monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold its cash and cash equivalents. The Company s emphasis is primarily on safety and liquidity of principal and secondarily on maximizing yield on those funds. 
 In addition, concentrations of credit risk arising from receivables from customers are limited due to the diversity of the Company s customers. The Company s businesses perform credit evaluations of their customers financial conditions as deemed appropriate and also obtain collateral or other security when deemed appropriate. 
 The Company enters into derivative transactions infrequently and typically with high-quality financial institutions, so that exposure at any one institution is limited. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Management assesses the Company s liquidity in terms of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating, investing and financing activities. The Company continues to generate substantial cash from operating activities and believes that its operating cash flow, cash on hand and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient to allow it to continue investing in existing businesses (including capital expenditures), consummating strategic acquisitions and investments, paying interest and servicing debt, paying dividends, funding restructuring activities and managing its capital structure on a short-term and long-term basis. 
 The Company has relied primarily on borrowings under its commercial paper program to address liquidity requirements that exceed the capacity provided by its operating cash flows and cash on hand, while also accessing the capital markets from time to time including to secure financing for more significant acquisitions. Subject to any limitations that may result from the COVID-19 pandemic or other market disruptions (such as the disruptions in the financial and capital markets that occurred at times in 2020), the Company anticipates following the same approach in the future. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Overview of Cash Flows and Liquidity 
 Following is an overview of the Company s cash flows and liquidity for the years ended December 31: 
 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Total operating cash flows provided by continuing operations 8,519 8,358 6,215 Cash paid for acquisitions (637) (10,961) (20,971) Payments for additions to property, plant and equipment (1,152) (1,294) (791) Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 9 13 2 Payments for purchases of investments (523) (934) (342) Proceeds from sales of investments 18 126 13 Proceeds from sale of product lines 26 826 All other investing activities 51 37 24 Net cash used in investing activities for continuing operations (2,234) (12,987) (21,239) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation 31 86 153 Proceeds from the public offering of common stock, net of issuance costs 1,729 Proceeds from the public offering of preferred stock, net of issuance costs 1,668 Payment of dividends (818) (742) (615) Net (repayments of) proceeds from borrowings (maturities of 90 days or less) (723) 2,265 (4,637) Proceeds from borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days) 984 8,670 Repayments of borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days) (965) (1,186) (5,933) Make-whole premiums to redeem borrowings prior to maturity (96) (26) All other financing activities (95) (16) (3) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities for continuing operations (2,570) 1,295 1,006 
 Operating cash flows from continuing operations increased 161 million, or 2 , during 2022 as compared to 2021, due primarily to higher net earnings from continuing operations (after excluding charges for depreciation, amortization (including intangible assets and inventory step-up), stock compensation, gain on sale of product lines, unrealized investment gains/losses, loss on the extinguishment of debt and the contract settlement expense in 2021). These increases were partially offset by higher cash used in aggregate for accounts receivables, inventories, trade accounts payable and prepaid and accrued expenses, including deferred taxes, in 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 Net cash used in investing activities consisted primarily of capital expenditures, cash paid for acquisitions and investments, net of proceeds from the sale of investments, and decreased primarily as a result of lower cash paid for acquisitions in 2022 compared to 2021. Refer to Notes 2 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for a discussion of the Company s acquisitions and investments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company held approximately 6.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents. 

Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period-to-period as working capital needs and the timing of payments for income taxes, restructuring activities and productivity improvement initiatives, pension funding and other items impact reported cash flows. 
 Operating cash flows from continuing operations were approximately 8.5 billion for 2022, an increase of 161 million, or 2 , as compared to 2021. The year-over-year change in operating cash flows from 2021 to 2022 was primarily attributable to the following factors: 
 2022 operating cash flows benefited from higher net earnings in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 Net earnings for 2022 reflected an increase of 160 million of depreciation, amortization, stock compensation expense, unrealized investment gains/losses, net of loss on the extinguishment of debt and contract settlement expense as 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 compared to 2021. Amortization expense primarily relates to the amortization of intangible assets and inventory fair value adjustments. Depreciation expense relates to both the Company s manufacturing and operating facilities as well as instrumentation leased to customers under operating-type lease OTL arrangements. Contract settlement expense represents the pretax charge related to the modification and partial termination of a prior commercial arrangement and resolution of the associated litigation. Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the contract settlement expense. Depreciation, amortization, stock compensation and contract settlement expense are noncash expenses that decrease earnings without a corresponding impact to operating cash flows. Cash flows from the gain on sale of product lines and loss on the extinguishment of debt are reflected in cash flows from investing activities while unrealized investment gains/losses impact net earnings without immediately impacting cash flows as the cash flow impact from investments occurs when the invested capital is returned to the Company. 
 The aggregate of trade accounts receivable, inventories and trade accounts payable used 958 million in operating cash flows during 2022, compared to 564 million of operating cash flows used in 2021. The amount of cash flow generated from or used by the aggregate of trade accounts receivable, inventories and trade accounts payable depends upon how effectively the Company manages the cash conversion cycle, which effectively represents the number of days that elapse from the day it pays for the purchase of raw materials and components to the collection of cash from its customers and can be significantly impacted by the timing of collections and payments in a period. 
 The aggregate of prepaid expenses and other assets, deferred income taxes and accrued expenses and other liabilities used 561 million in operating cash flows during 2022, compared to 94 million used in 2021. The timing of cash payments for taxes and the impact of deferred tax benefits and charges, various employee-related liabilities, customer funding and accrued expenses drove the majority of this change. 

Investing Activities 
 Cash flows relating to investing activities consist primarily of cash used for acquisitions and capital expenditures, including instruments leased to customers, cash used for investments and cash proceeds from divestitures of businesses or assets. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was approximately 2.2 billion during 2022 compared to approximately 13.0 billion of net cash used in 2021. 
 Acquisitions, Divestitures and Sale of Investments 
 For a discussion of the Company s 2022 and 2021 acquisitions and divestitures refer to Overview and Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, in 2022 and 2021, the Company invested 523 million and 934 million, respectively, in non-marketable equity securities and partnerships. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures are made primarily for increasing manufacturing capacity, replacing equipment, supporting new product development, improving information technology systems and the manufacture of instruments that are used in OTL arrangements that certain of the Company s businesses enter into with customers. Capital expenditures totaled approximately 1.2 billion in 2022 and 1.3 billion in 2021. The year-over-year decrease in capital spending in 2022 was primarily due to higher 2021 expenditures related to diagnostic testing capacity and declines in expenditures for instruments used in OTL arrangements, partially offset by incremental capital expenditures at Aldevron and Cytiva. In 2023, the Company expects capital expenditures to be approximately 1.5 billion primarily to increase manufacturing capacity and to support other growth opportunities. 
 During 2021, certain agencies of the U.S. government, including the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority BARDA within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, agreed to finance an expansion of production capacity related to chromatography, liquid cell culture media, buffers and cell culture powder media and single-use consumables at certain of the Company s Biotechnology businesses and the development of diagnostics testing technologies and the expansion of testing production capacity at certain of the Company s Diagnostics businesses. The Company s businesses may enter into similar agreements in the future. In consideration of this financing, the U.S. government has certain rights, including rights with respect to the allocation of certain of the incremental production capacity associated with such expansion and/or rights in intellectual property produced with its financial assistance. The amount awarded pursuant to these grants in 2021 totaled 568 million and will be paid over periods ranging from one year to four years. In 2022, the Company received aggregate payments related to the BARDA grants and other government assistance of 137 million that offset operating expenses of 50 million and purchases of property, plant and equipment of 87 million. Property, plant and equipment purchased using funds provided by governments are recorded net of government assistance. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 Cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of cash flows associated with the issuance and repayments of commercial paper, issuance and repayment of long-term debt, borrowings under committed credit facilities, issuance and repurchases of common stock, issuance of preferred stock and payments of cash dividends to shareholders. Financing activities used cash of approximately 2.6 billion during 2022 compared to approximately 1.3 billion of cash provided during 2021. The year-over-year increase in cash used by financing activities was due primarily to net repayments of borrowings in 2022 compared to net proceeds from borrowings in 2021. 
 Total debt was approxim ately 19.7 billion and 22.2 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, including notes payable and current portion of long-term debt was 591 million and 8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had the ability to incur approximately 3.0 billion of additional indebtedness in direct borrowings or under the outstanding commercial paper facilities based on the amounts available under the Company s 5.0 billion Five-Year Facility which were not being used to backstop outstanding commercial paper balances. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has classified approximately 2.0 billion of its borrowings outstanding under the euro-denominated commercial paper program as long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as the Company has the intent and ability, as supported by availability under the Five-Year Facility, to refinance these borrowings for at least one year from the balance sheet date. As commercial paper obligations mature, the Company may issue additional short-term commercial paper obligations to refinance all or part of these borrowings, to the extent commercial paper markets are available. 
 Under the Company s U.S. dollar and euro-denominated commercial paper program, the notes are typically issued at a discount from par, generally based on the ratings assigned to the Company by credit rating agencies at the time of the issuance and prevailing market rates measured by reference to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate or Euro Interbank Offer Rate, depending on the applicable currency of the borrowing. 
 R efer to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Company s financing activities and indebtedness, including the Company s outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022, and the Company s commercial paper program and F ive-Year Facility . 
 Common Stock Offering and MCPS Offering 
 For a description of the 2020 Common Stock and MCPS Offerings, refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Shelf Registration Statement 
 The Company has filed a well-known seasoned issuer shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC that registers an indeterminate amount of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, warrants, depositary shares, purchase contracts and units for future issuance. The Company expects to use net proceeds realized by the Company from future securities sales off this shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes, including without limitation repayment or refinancing of debt or other corporate obligations, acquisitions, capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends and/or working capital. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 Please see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the Company s stock repurchase program. 
 Dividends 
 The Company declared a regular quarterly dividend of 0.25 per share of Company common stock that was paid on January 27, 2023 to holders of record on December 30, 2022. In addition, the Company declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12.50 per MCPS Series B that was paid on January 15, 2023 to holders of record as of December 31, 2022. Aggregate 2022 and 2021 cash payments for dividends on Company common stock were 693 million and 578 million, respectively, and aggregate 2022 and 2021 cash payments for the dividends on the Company s MCPS were 125 million and 164 million, respectively. The year-over-year increase in dividend payments in 2022 primarily relates to an increase in the quarterly dividend rate on common stock effective with respect to the dividend paid in the second quarter of 2022, partially offset by lower dividends paid on the MCPS Series A as a result of their conversion into common shares in April 2022. 
 Cash and Cash Requirements 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company held approximately 6.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents that were on deposit with financial institutions or invested in highly liquid investment-grade debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less with an approximate weighted average annual interest rate of 2.09 . Of the cash and cash equivalents, approximately 3.4 billion was held within the United States and approximately 2.6 billion was held outside of the United States. The Company will continue to have cash requirements to support general corporate purposes, which may include working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments, paying interest and servicing debt, paying taxes and any related interest or penalties, 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 funding its restructuring activities and pension plans as required, paying dividends to shareholders, repurchasing shares of the Company s common stock and supporting other business needs. 
 The Company generally intends to use available cash and internally generated funds to meet these cash requirements, but in the event that additional liquidity is required, the Company may also borrow under its commercial paper programs (if available) or borrow under the Company s Five-Year Facility, enter into new credit facilities and either borrow directly thereunder or use such credit facilities to backstop additional borrowing capacity under its commercial paper programs (if available) and/or access the capital markets. The Company also may from time to time seek to access the capital markets to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. 
 While repatriation of some cash held outside the United States may be restricted by local laws, most of the Company s foreign cash could be repatriated to the United States. Following enactment of the TCJA and the associated Transition Tax, in general, repatriation of cash to the United States can be completed with no incremental U.S. tax; however, repatriation of cash could subject the Company to non-U.S. taxes on distributions. The cash that the Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries hold for indefinite reinvestment is generally used to finance non-U.S. operations and investments, including acquisitions. The income taxes, if any, applicable to such earnings including basis differences in our non-U.S. subsidiaries are not readily determinable. As of December 31, 2022, management believes that it has sufficient sources of liquidity to satisfy its cash needs, including its cash needs in the United States. 
 During 2022, the Company contributed 10 million to its U.S. defined benefit pension plans and 40 million to its non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans. During 2023, the Company s cash contribution requirements for its U.S. and its non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans are forecasted to be approximately 10 million and 35 million, respectively. The ultimate amounts to be contributed depend upon, among other things, legal requirements, underlying asset returns, the plan s funded status, the anticipated tax deductibility of the contribution, local practices, market conditions, interest rates and other factors. 

Contractual and Other Obligations 
 For a description of the Company s debt and lease obligations, commitments, and litigation and contingencies, refer to Notes 10, 14, 17 and 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 Refer to Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding legal proceedings and contingencies, and for a discussion of risks related to legal proceedings and contingencies, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Management s discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company bases these estimates and judgments on historical experience, the current economic environment and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates and judgments. 
 The Company believes the following accounting estimates are most critical to an understanding of its financial statements. Estimates are considered to be critical if they meet both of the following criteria: (1) the estimate requires assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and (2) material changes in the estimate are reasonably likely from period-to-period. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting estimates, refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Acquired Intangibles The Company s business acquisitions, including the Cytiva and Aldevron acquisitions, typically result in the recognition of goodwill, developed technology and other intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense and possible impairment charges that the Company may incur. The fair values of acquired intangibles are determined using information available near the acquisition date based on estimates and assumptions that are deemed reasonable by the Company. Significant assumptions include the discount rates and certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results of the acquired business including earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), revenue, revenue growth rates, royalty rates and technology obsolescence rates. These assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. The Company engages third-party valuation specialists who review the Company s critical assumptions and calculations of the fair value of acquired intangible assets in connection with significant acquisitions. In connection with acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized aggregate goodwill of 427 million and intangible assets of 218 million. Refer to Notes 1, 2 and 11 to 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the Company s policies relating to goodwill, acquired intangibles and acquisitions. 
 In performing its goodwill impairment testing, the Company estimates the fair value of its reporting units primarily using a market-based approach which relies on current trading multiples of forecasted EBITDA for companies operating in businesses similar to each of the Company s reporting units to calculate an estimated fair value of each reporting unit. In evaluating the estimates derived by the market-based approach, management makes judgments about the relevance and reliability of the multiples by considering factors unique to its reporting units, including operating results, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, and transactions and marketplace data as well as judgments about the comparability of the market proxies selected. There are inherent uncertainties related to these assumptions and management s judgment in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. 
 As a result of the Company s change to its reportable segments in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company also changed its reporting units. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had eight reporting units for goodwill impairment testing. Reporting units resulting from recent acquisitions generally present the highest risk of impairment. Management believes the impairment risk associated with these reporting units generally decreases as these businesses are integrated into the Company and better positioned for potential future earnings growth. The Company performed the annual goodwill impairments analysis on both the prior five reporting units (that existed before the change in reportable segments) as well as the Company s eight reporting units (that resulted from the change in reportable segments). The Company s annual goodwill impairment analysis and the analysis after the change in the Company s reporting units in 2022 indicated that in all instances, the fair values of the Company s reporting units exceeded their carrying values and consequently did not result in an impairment charge. The excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value (expressed as a percentage of carrying value for the respective reporting unit) for each of the Company s eight reporting units as of the testing date ranged from approximately 145 to approximately 565 . In the test of the prior five reporting units, the excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value for each of the previous reporting units as of the testing date also ranged from approximately 145 to approximately 565 . To evaluate the sensitivity of the fair value calculations used in both goodwill impairment tests, the Company applied a hypothetical 10 decrease to the fair values of each reporting unit and compared those hypothetical values to the reporting unit carrying values in both tests. Based on this hypothetical 10 decrease, the excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value (expressed as a percentage of carrying value for the respective reporting unit) for each of the Company s reporting units ranged from approximately 120 to approximately 500 . 
 The Company reviews identified intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Determining whether an impairment loss occurred for finite-lived intangibles requires a comparison of the carrying amount to the sum of undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. These analyses require management to make judgments and estimates about future revenues, expenses, market conditions and discount rates related to these assets. Indefinite-lived intangibles are subject to impairment testing at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that potential impairment exists. Determining whether an impairment loss occurred for indefinite-lived intangible assets involves calculating the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets and comparing the fair value to their carrying value. If the fair value is less than the carrying value, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss. Refer to Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of intangible assets impairment charges recorded during 2022. 
 If actual results are not consistent with management s estimates and assumptions, goodwill and other intangible assets may be overstated and a charge would need to be taken against net earnings which would adversely affect the Company s financial statements. 
 Contingent Liabilities As discussed in Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Notes 8 and 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company is, from time to time, subject to a variety of litigation and similar contingent liabilities incidental to its business (or the business operations of previously owned entities). The Company recognizes a liability for any legal contingency or contract settlement expense that is known or probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. These assessments require judgments concerning matters such as litigation developments and outcomes, the anticipated outcome of negotiations, the number of future claims, the cost of both pending and future claims and the value of the elements in the outcome. In addition, because most contingencies are resolved over long periods of time, liabilities may change in the future due to various factors, including those discussed in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. If the reserves established by the Company with respect to these contingent liabilities are inadequate, the Company would be required to incur an expense equal to the amount of the loss incurred in excess of the reserves, which would adversely affect the Company s financial statements. 
 Income Taxes For a description of the Company s income tax accounting policies, refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company establishes valuation allowances for its deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 some or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. This requires management to make judgments and estimates regarding: (1) the timing and amount of the reversal of taxable temporary differences, (2) expected future taxable income and (3) the impact of tax planning strategies. Future changes to tax rates would also impact the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities and could have an adverse impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 The Company provides for unrecognized tax benefits when, based upon the technical merits, it is more likely than not that an uncertain tax position will not be sustained upon examination. Judgment is required in evaluating tax positions and determining income tax provisions. The Company re-evaluates the technical merits of its tax positions and may recognize an uncertain tax benefit in certain circumstances, including when: (1) a tax audit is completed; (2) applicable tax laws change, including a tax case ruling or legislative guidance; or (3) the applicable statute of limitations expires. 
 In addition, certain of the Company s tax returns are currently under review by tax authorities including in Denmark and the United States (refer to Results of Operations Income Taxes and Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Management believes the positions taken in these returns are in accordance with the relevant tax laws. However, the outcome of these audits is uncertain and could result in the Company being required to record charges for prior year tax obligations which could have a material adverse impact to the Company s financial statements, including its effective tax rate. 
 An increase of 1.0 in the Company s 2022 nominal tax rate would have resulted in an additional income tax provision for continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 83 million. 
 Valuation of Investments in Equity Securities For a description of the Company s investments in equity securities and partnerships refer to Notes 1, 9 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company invests in publicly-traded securities, non-marketable securities of early-stage companies and equity method investments, including partnerships that invest primarily in early-stage companies. 
 Investments in early-stage companies have significant risks, including uncertainty regarding the investee company s ability to successfully develop new technologies and services, bring these new technologies and services to market and gain market acceptance, maintain adequate capitalization and access to cash or other forms of liquidity, and retain critical management personnel. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for a further discussion of the risks related to investing in early-stage companies. 
 The Company s investments in publicly traded securities are measured at fair value based on quotes in active markets. For investments in non-marketable equity securities where the Company does not have influence over the investee, the Company has elected the measurement alternative and records these investments at cost and adjusts the carrying value for impairments and observable price changes with a same or similar security from the same issuer adjusted to reflect the specific rights and preferences of the securities, if applicable. Valuations of non-marketable equity securities are complex and require judgment due to the absence of market prices, lack of liquidity and the risks inherent in early-stage companies. The uncertainty in the process of valuing securities for which a ready market does not exist may cause our estimated values of these securities to differ significantly from the values that would have been derived had a ready market for the securities existed, and those differences could be material. 
 The Company accounts for its investments in the partnerships using the equity method. Accordingly, the investments are initially recorded at cost and adjusted each period for the Company s share of the partnership s income or loss and distributions received. The partnerships investments are recorded by the partnerships on an estimated fair value basis and pose the same risks and require the same valuation judgments discussed above. As a result, changes in the value of investments in the partnership will have a direct impact on the Company s earnings. Impairment losses are recognized to reduce the investment s carrying value to its fair value if there is a decline in fair value below carrying value that is considered to be other-than-temporary. To determine whether there is an other-than-temporary impairment, the Company uses qualitative and quantitative valuation methods. 
 Realized and unrealized gains and losses for these investments in equity securities and partnerships are recorded in other income (expense), net, in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. A 10 decrease in the carrying value of the Company s investments in equity securities and partnerships as of December 31, 2022 would result in a loss of approximately 180 million. 

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 For a discussion of the new accounting standards impacting the Company, refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The information required by this item is included under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Report of Management on Danaher Corporation s Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. This report dated February 22, 2023 appears on page 60 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Danaher Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Danaher Corporation and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Danaher Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management on Danaher Corporation s Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Danaher Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Danaher Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 Description of the Matter 
 As discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company operates in the U.S. and multiple international tax jurisdictions and as a result files numerous tax returns in those locations. Uncertainty in a tax position may arise for multiple reasons, including because tax laws are subject to interpretation. The Company applies the applicable tax law and judgment to (1) determine whether, based on the technical merits, a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained and (2) measure the amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were approximately 1.1 billion. Auditing the recognition and measurement of certain of the Company s tax positions including the evaluation of whether such tax position is more likely than not to be sustained, and if applicable the measurement of the benefit, is complex and required the use of tax subject matter resources. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We tested controls over management s accounting for tax positions, including assessment of the technical merits of tax positions and if applicable, the measurement of the benefit of the tax position. 
 To evaluate whether the technical merits of certain of the Company s income tax positions are more likely than not sustainable, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluation of applicable tax law, court cases, tax regulations and other regulatory guidance by our tax subject matter resources. For certain of the income tax positions, we also involved tax subject matter resources in corroborating our understanding of the relevant facts, examining the Company s analysis, evaluating relevant correspondence with the tax authority and reading third-party advice obtained by management, as applicable. We also evaluated the adequacy of the Company s disclosures included in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 DANAHER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 in millions, except per share amount) 
 As of December 31 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and equivalents Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other long-term assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Notes payable and current portion of long-term debt Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Long-term debt Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, million shares authorized; shares and million shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; million shares of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common stock - par value, billion shares authorized; million issued and million outstanding as of December 31, 2022; million issued and million outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Danaher stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 DANAHER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Sales Cost of sales ) ) ) Gross profit Operating costs: Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Research and development expenses ) ) ) Other operating expenses ) Operating profit Nonoperating income (expense): Other income (expense), net ) Loss on early extinguishment of borrowings ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes Income taxes ) ) ) Net earnings from continuing operations Earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes Net earnings Mandatory convertible preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Net earnings attributable to common stockholders Net earnings per common share from continuing operations: Basic Diluted Net earnings per common share from discontinued operations: Basic Diluted Net earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Average common stock and common equivalent shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 DANAHER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Pension and postretirement plan benefit adjustments ) Cash flow hedge adjustments ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 DANAHER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Preferred stock: Balance, beginning of period Issuance of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock Conversion of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to common stock ) Balance, end of period Common stock: Balance, beginning of period Common stock-based award activity Balance, end of period Additional paid-in capital: Balance, beginning of period Common stock-based award activity Common stock issued in connection with Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock conversions Common stock issued in connection with acquisitions Common stock issued in connection with LYONs conversions Issuance of common stock Acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) Balance, end of period Retained earnings: Balance, beginning of period Adoption of accounting standards ) Net earnings Common stock dividends declared ) ) ) Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock dividends declared ) ) ) Balance, end of period Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests: Balance, beginning of period Change in noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance, end of period Total stockholders equity, end of period 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 DANAHER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings Less: earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) Net earnings from continuing operations Noncash items: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of acquisition-related inventory fair value step-up Stock-based compensation expense Contract settlement expense Pretax loss on early extinguishment of borrowings Pretax gain on sale of product lines and investment (gains) losses ) ) Change in deferred income taxes ) ) Change in trade accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Change in inventories ) ) ) Change in trade accounts payable Change in prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Change in accrued expenses and other liabilities Total operating cash provided by continuing operations Total operating cash used in discontinued operations ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Cash paid for acquisitions ) ) ) Payments for additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Payments for purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of investments Proceeds from sale of product lines All other investing activities Net cash used in investing activities for continuing operations ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation Proceeds from the public offering of common stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from the public offering of preferred stock, net of issuance costs Payment of dividends ) ) ) Net (repayments of) proceeds from borrowings (maturities of 90 days or less) ) ) Proceeds from borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days) Repayments of borrowings (maturities longer than 90 days) ) ) ) Make-whole premiums to redeem borrowings prior to maturity ) ) All other financing activities ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities for continuing operations ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and equivalents ) ) Beginning balance of cash and equivalents Ending balance of cash and equivalents 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 DANAHER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. 
 business segments: 
 The Biotechnology segment includes the bioprocessing and discovery and medical businesses and offers a broad range of tools, consumables and services that are primarily used by customers to advance and accelerate the research, development, manufacture and delivery of biological medicines. The biotherapeutics that the Company s solutions support range from replacement therapies such as insulin, vaccines, recombinant proteins and other biologic drugs, to novel cell, gene, mRNA and other nucleic acid therapies. 
 The Life Sciences segment offers a broad range of instruments and consumables that are primarily used by customers to study the basic building blocks of life, including DNA and RNA, nucleic acid, proteins, metabolites and cells, in order to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies, and test and manufacture new drugs, vaccines and gene editing technologies. Additionally, the segment provides products and consumables used to filter and remove contaminants from a variety of liquids and gases in many end-market applications. 
 The Diagnostics segment offers clinical instruments, reagents, consumables, software and services that hospitals, physicians offices, reference laboratories and other critical care settings use to diagnose disease and make treatment decisions. 
 The Environmental Applied Solutions segment offers products and services that help protect precious resources and keep global food and water supplies safe. The Company s water quality business provides instrumentation, consumables, software, services and disinfection systems to help analyze, treat and manage the quality of ultra-pure, potable, industrial, waste, ground, source and ocean water in residential, commercial, municipal, industrial and natural resource applications. The Company s product identification business provides instruments, software, services and consumables for various color and appearance management, packaging design and quality management, packaging converting, printing, marking, coding and traceability applications for consumer, pharmaceutical and industrial products. 

68 

Table of Contents 

 million due to the cumulative impact of adoption. The Company s allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2022 reflects the Company s best estimate of the expected future losses for its accounts receivables; however, these estimates may change and future actual losses may differ from the Company s estimates. The Company will continue to monitor economic conditions and will revise the estimates of the expected future losses for accounts receivable as necessary. The Company recorded million, million and million of expense associated with doubtful accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Included in the Company s trade accounts receivable and other long-term assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are million and million of net aggregate financing receivables, respectively. All financing receivables are evaluated for impairment based on individual customer credit profiles. 
 Work in process Raw materials Total 
 million and million, respectively, and taxes receivable for income and other taxes of million and million, respectively. 
 
 years 
 Leased assets and leasehold improvements Amortized over the lesser of the economic life of the asset or the term of the lease Machinery and equipment years 
 Customer-leased instruments years 
 
 Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed and, when appropriate, changes to estimates are made prospectively. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Buildings Machinery and equipment Customer-leased equipment Gross property, plant and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, including investments in partnerships of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recorded net realized and unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of these investments, as well as an impairment to an equity-method investment in other income (expense), net, in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Refer to Notes 9 and 12 for additional information about the Company s investments. 

70 

Table of Contents 

71 

Table of Contents 

72 

Table of Contents 

 million and will be paid over periods ranging from to . In 2022, the Company received aggregate payments related to the BARDA grants and other government assistance of million that offset operating expenses of million and purchases of property, plant and equipment of million . Property, plant and equipment purchased using funds provided by governments are recorded net of government assistance. 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . The ASU clarifies the guidance in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, related to the measurement of the fair value of an equity security subject to contractual sale restrictions and introduces disclosure requirements related to such equity securities. The Company early adopted the ASU effective July 1, 2022 and the impact of the adoption was not significant. 

NOTE 2. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 businesses for total consideration of million in cash, net of cash acquired. The businesses acquired complement existing units of each of the Company s segments. The Company preliminarily recorded an aggregate of million of goodwill related to these acquisitions. The aggregate annual sales of the businesses acquired in 2022 at the time of their acquisition, in each case based on the company s revenues for its last completed fiscal year prior to the acquisition, were approximately million. 
 On August 30, 2021, the Company acquired Aldevron, L.L.C. Aldevron for a cash purchase price of approximately billion (the Aldevron Acquisition ). Aldevron manufactures high-quality plasmid DNA, mRNA and proteins, serving biotechnology and pharmaceutical customers across research, clinical and commercial applications, and is now part of the Company s Life Sciences segment. Aldevron generated revenues of approximately million in 2020. The acquisition of Aldevron has provided and is expected to provide additional sales and earnings opportunities for the Company by expanding product line diversity, including new product offerings supporting genomic medicine. The Company financed the Aldevron Acquisition using cash on hand and proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper. The Company recorded approximately billion of goodwill related to the Aldevron Acquisition. 
 During 2021, in addition to the Aldevron Acquisition, the Company acquired businesses for total consideration of approximately billion in cash, net of cash acquired. The businesses acquired complement existing units of each of the Company s segments. The Company recorded an aggregate of approximately billion of goodwill related to these acquisitions. The aggregate annual sales of the other businesses acquired in 2021 at the time of their acquisition, in each case based on the company s revenues for its last completed fiscal year prior to the acquisition, were approximately million. 
 On March 31, 2020, the Company acquired the Biopharma business of General Electric Company s GE Life Sciences division, now known as Cytiva, for a cash purchase price of approximately billion (net of approximately billion of acquired cash) and the assumption of approximately billion of pension liabilities (the Cytiva Acquisition ). Cytiva is a leading provider of instruments, consumables and software that support the research, discovery, process development and manufacturing workflows of biopharmaceutical drugs. Cytiva is included in the Company s Biotechnology segment results beginning in the second quarter of 2020. The acquisition has provided and is expected to continue to provide additional sales and earnings growth opportunities for the Company s Biotechnology segment by expanding the business geographic and product line diversity, including new product and service offerings that complement the Company s current biologics workflow solutions. To fulfill a condition to obtaining certain regulatory approvals for the closing of the transaction, on April 30, 2020 the Company divested certain of its existing product lines in the Biotechnology and Life Sciences segments for a cash purchase price, net of cash transferred and transaction costs, of million and recognized a pretax gain on sale of million million after-tax or per diluted common share). The divested product lines in the aggregate generated revenues of approximately million in 2019. The divestiture of these product lines did not represent a strategic shift with a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results and therefore is not reported as a discontinued operation. 
 The Company financed the Cytiva Acquisition with approximately billion of proceeds from the 2019 underwritten public offerings of its Common Stock and Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock MCPS Series A ), approximately billion of proceeds from the 2019 issuance of euro-denominated and U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt, and approximately billion from the aggregate of proceeds from commercial paper borrowings, borrowings under the Company s Five-Year Facility (as defined below) and cash on hand. The Company recorded approximately billion of goodwill related to the Cytiva Acquisition. 
 During 2020, in addition to the Cytiva Acquisition, the Company acquired businesses for total consideration of million in cash, net of cash acquired. The businesses acquired complement existing units of the Company s Life Sciences and Environmental Applied Solutions segments. The Company recorded an aggregate of million of goodwill related to these acquisitions. The aggregate annual sales of the businesses acquired in 2020 at the time of their acquisition, in each case based on the company s revenues for its last completed fiscal year prior to the acquisition, were approximately billion. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Inventories Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets, primarily technology, customer relationships and trade names Trade accounts payable ) ) ) Pension liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Net assets acquired Less: noncash consideration ) Net cash consideration 
 The following summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition for the individually significant acquisition in 2021 discussed above, and all of the other 2021 acquisitions as a group in millions): 
 Aldevron Other Total Trade accounts receivable Inventories Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets, primarily technology, customer relationships and trade names Trade accounts payable ) ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Net assets acquired Less: noncash consideration ) ) ) Net cash consideration 
 The following summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition for the individually significant acquisition in 2020 discussed above, and all of the other 2020 acquisitions as a group in millions): 
 Cytiva Other Total Trade accounts receivable Inventories Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets, primarily technology, customer relationships and trade names Trade accounts payable ) ) ) Pension liabilities ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Net cash consideration 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, transaction-related costs for the Cytiva Acquisition were million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company s earnings for 2021 also reflect the pretax impact of million of non-recurring acquisition date fair value adjustments to inventory related to the Aldevron acquisition. In addition, the Company s earnings for 2021 and 2020 reflect the pretax impact of million and million, respectively, of non-recurring acquisition date fair value adjustments to inventory and deferred revenue related to the Cytiva Acquisition. Transaction-related costs and acquisition-related fair value adjustments attributable to other acquisitions were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited) 
 The unaudited pro forma information for the periods set forth below gives effect to the 2022 and 2021 acquisitions as if they had occurred as of January 1, 2021, including the results from operations for the acquired business as well as the impact of 
 assumed financing of the transaction and the impact of the purchase price allocation (including the amortization of acquired 
 intangible assets). 
 Net earnings from continuing operations Diluted net earnings per common share from continuing operations (a) 
 
 (a) Diluted net earnings per common share from continuing operations is calculated by adding the interest on the Company s Liquid Yield Option Notes LYONs to net earnings from continuing operations and deducting the MCPS dividends from net earnings from continuing operations for the anti-dilutive MCPS shares. 
 Acquisition-related transaction costs of million for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the Aldevron Acquisition were excluded from pro forma net earnings from continuing operations. 

NOTE 3. 
 million related to the release of previously provided reserves associated with uncertain tax positions on certain of the Company s tax returns which were jointly filed with Fortive entities. These reserves were released due to the expiration of statutes of limitations for those returns. This income tax benefit is included in earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 Environmental Applied Solutions Separation 
 In September 2022, the Company announced its intention to spin-off its Environmental Applied Solutions business into a publicly traded company (the EAS Separation ). The Environmental Applied Solutions business had sales for the year-ended December 31, 2022 of approximately billion. The transaction is expected to be tax-free to the Company s shareholders. The Company is targeting to complete the EAS Separation in the fourth quarter of 2023, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including obtaining final approval from the Danaher Board of Directors, satisfactory completion of financing, receipt of tax opinions, receipt of favorable rulings from the Internal Revenue Service IRS and receipt of other regulatory approvals. 

NOTE 4. 
 million and million options to purchase shares, respectively, were excluded from the diluted earnings 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 options to purchase shares were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation. 
 Basic and diluted EPS are computed independently for each quarter and annual period, which involves the use of different weighted-average share count figures relating to quarterly and annual periods. As a result, and after factoring the effect of rounding to the nearest cent per share, the sum of prior quarter-to-date EPS figures may not equal annual EPS. 
 On April 15, 2022, all outstanding shares of the MCPS Series A converted into million shares of the Company s common stock. The impact of the MCPS Series A calculated under the if-converted method was dilutive for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and as such million and million shares, respectively, underlying the MCPS Series A were included in the calculation of diluted EPS and the related MCPS Series A dividends of million and million were excluded from the calculation of net earnings for diluted EPS for the periods. Refer to Note 19 for additional information about the MCPS Series A conversion. 
 The impact of the MCPS Series B calculated under the if-converted method was anti-dilutive for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and as such million shares underlying the MCPS Series B were excluded from the diluted EPS calculation in each period and the related MCPS Series B dividends of million were included in the calculation of net earnings for diluted EPS for the periods. 
 The impact of the MCPS Series A and Series B calculated under the if-converted method was anti-dilutive for the year ended December 31, 2020 and as such million shares underlying the MCPS Series A and Series B were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS and the related MCPS Series A and Series B dividends of million were included in the calculation of net earnings for diluted EPS for the period. 
 MCPS dividends ) ) ) Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders for Basic EPS Adjustment for interest on convertible debentures Adjustment for MCPS dividends for dilutive MCPS Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders after assumed conversions for Diluted EPS Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding used in Basic EPS Incremental common shares from: Assumed exercise of dilutive options and vesting of dilutive RSUs and PSUs Assumed conversion of the convertible debentures Weighted average MCPS converted shares Weighted average common shares outstanding used in Diluted EPS Basic EPS from continuing operations Diluted EPS from continuing operations 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 5. 
 Western Europe Other developed markets High-growth markets (b) 
 Total Revenue type: Recurring Nonrecurring Total Year ended December 31, 2021: Geographical region: North America (a) 
 Western Europe Other developed markets High-growth markets (b) 
 Total Revenue type: Recurring Nonrecurring Total Year ended December 31, 2020: Geographical region: North America Western Europe Other developed markets High-growth markets (a) 
 Total Revenue type: Recurring Nonrecurring Total 
 (a) The Company defines North America as the United States and Canada. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million, respectively. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent the aggregate transaction price allocated to performance obligations with an original contract term greater than one year which are fully or partially unsatisfied at the end of the period. Remaining performance obligations include noncancelable purchase orders, the non-lease portion of minimum purchase commitments under long-term consumable supply arrangements, extended warranty and service and other long-term contracts. These remaining performance obligations do not include revenue from contracts with customers with an original term of one year or less, revenue from long-term consumable supply arrangements with no minimum purchase requirements or revenue expected from purchases made in excess of the minimum purchase requirements or revenue from equipment leased to customers. While the remaining performance obligation disclosure is similar in concept to backlog, the definition of remaining performance obligations excludes leases and contracts that provide the customer with the right to cancel or terminate for convenience with no substantial penalty, even if historical experience indicates the likelihood of cancellation or termination is remote. Additionally, the Company has elected to exclude contracts with customers with an original term of one year or less from remaining performance obligations while these contracts are included within backlog. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was approximately billion. The Company expects to recognize revenue on approximately of the remaining performance obligations over the next 12 months, over the subsequent 12 months, and the remainder recognized thereafter. 
 Contract Balances 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed trade accounts receivable, unbilled receivables contract assets and deferred revenue, customer deposits and billings in excess of revenue recognized contract liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, the Company defers certain costs incurred to obtain a contract contract costs ). Contract assets, liabilities and costs are reported on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets on a contract-by-contract basis. 
 Contract Assets Most of the Company s long-term contracts are billed as work progresses in accordance with the contract terms and conditions, either at periodic intervals or upon achievement of certain milestones. Often this results in billing occurring subsequent to revenue recognition resulting in contract assets. Contract assets are generally classified as other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The balance of contract assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 Contract Liabilities The Company often receives cash payments from customers in advance of the Company s performance resulting in contract liabilities that are classified as either current or long-term in the Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the timing of when the Company expects to recognize revenue. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, contract liabilities were approximately billion and billion, respectively, and are included within accrued expenses and other liabilities and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The increase in the contract liability balance during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was primarily a result of cash payments received in advance of satisfying performance obligations, partially offset by revenue recognized during the year that was included in the opening contract liability balance and the impact of foreign currency. Revenue recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that was included in the opening contract liability balance was approximately billion and billion, respectively. 
 Contract Costs The Company capitalizes certain direct incremental costs incurred to obtain a contract, typically sales-related commissions, where the amortization period for the related asset is greater than one year. These costs are amortized over the contract term or a longer period, generally the expected life of the customer relationship if renewals are expected and the renewal commission is not commensurate with the initial commission. Contract costs are classified as current or long-term other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the timing of when the Company expects to recognize the expense and are generally amortized into earnings on a straight-line basis (which is consistent with the transfer of control for the related 
 79 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 6. 
 separate business segments consisting of the Biotechnology, Life Sciences, Diagnostics and Environmental Applied Solutions segments. When determining the reportable segments, the Company aggregated operating segments based on their similar economic and operating characteristics. Operating profit represents total revenues less operating expenses, excluding nonoperating income and expense, loss on early extinguishment of borrowings, interest and income taxes. Operating profit amounts in the Other segment consist of unallocated corporate costs and other costs not considered part of management s evaluation of reportable segment operating performance. The identifiable assets by segment are those used in each segment s operations. Intersegment amounts are not significant and are eliminated to arrive at consolidated totals. Prior period segment amounts have been restated to conform to the revised segment presentation. 
 Life Sciences Diagnostics Environmental Applied Solutions Total Operating profit: Biotechnology Life Sciences Diagnostics Environmental Applied Solutions Other ) ) ) Total Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets: Biotechnology Life Sciences Diagnostics Environmental Applied Solutions Other Total 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Life Sciences Diagnostics Environmental Applied Solutions Other Total Capital expenditures, gross: Biotechnology Life Sciences Diagnostics Environmental Applied Solutions Other Total 
 China Germany All other (each country individually less than of total sales) 
 Total Property, plant and equipment, net: United States Sweden United Kingdom Germany All other (each country individually less than of total property, plant and equipment, net) 
 Total 
 Research and medical products Product identification Total 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 7. 
 Non-U.S. Total 
 ) Non-U.S. State and local Deferred: Federal U.S. ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) ) State and local ) ) Income tax provision 
 Noncurrent deferred tax assets and noncurrent deferred tax liabilities are included in other assets and other long-term liabilities, respectively, in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Inventories Pension and postretirement benefits Environmental and regulatory compliance Other accruals and prepayments Stock-based compensation expense Operating lease liabilities Research and development expense Tax credit and loss carryforwards Valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment ) ) Insurance, including self-insurance ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Goodwill and other intangibles ) ) Total deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 The Company evaluates the future realizability of tax credits and loss carryforwards considering the anticipated future earnings of the Company s subsidiaries as well as tax planning strategies in the associated jurisdictions. Deferred taxes associated with U.S. entities consist of net deferred tax liabilities of approximately billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deferred taxes associated with non-U.S. entities consist of net deferred tax liabilities of approximately billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022, the Company s valuation allowance 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 million primarily from the use of tax attributes which were previously not deemed realizable. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of the basis difference in investments indefinitely reinvested outside the United States for which deferred taxes have not been provided is approximately billion. The income taxes applicable to repatriating such earnings are not readily determinable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no plans which would subject these basis differences to income taxes in the United States or elsewhere. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA imposes tax on U.S. shareholders for global intangible low-taxed income GILTI earned by certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. The Company has elected the period cost method for its accounting for GILTI. 
 Increase (decrease) in tax rate resulting from: State income taxes (net of federal income tax benefit) Non-U.S. rate differential ) ) ) Resolution and expiration of statutes of limitation of uncertain tax positions ) ) ) Realignment of businesses ) Research credits, uncertain tax positions and other ) Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation ) ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 The Company s effective tax rate for 2022, 2021 and 2020 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of , due to the Company s earnings outside the United States that are indefinitely reinvested and taxed at rates different than the U.S. federal statutory rate as well as the impact of the following: 
 The effective tax rate of in 2022 includes net deferred tax benefits resulting from legal and operational actions undertaken to realign certain of its businesses, as well as excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation, the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions due to the expiration of statutes of limitation and audit settlements and changes in estimates related to prior year tax filing positions, net of changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions. These items decreased the reported rate on a net basis by . 
 The effective tax rate of in 2021 includes net tax benefits primarily related to the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions from the expiration of statutes of limitation, audit settlements and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation, partially offset by changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions. These items decreased the reported rate on a net basis by . 
 The effective tax rate of in 2020 includes net tax benefits primarily related to the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions from audit settlements and expiration of statutes of limitation and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation, partially offset by a higher tax rate associated with the gain on the divestiture of certain product lines in the Biotechnology and Life Sciences segments and changes in estimates associated with prior period uncertain tax positions. These items decreased the reported rate on a net basis by . 
 The Company made income tax payments related to both continuing and discontinued operations of approximately billion, billion and billion in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Current income taxes payable related to both continuing and discontinued operations has been reduced by million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for tax deductions attributable to stock-based compensation, of which, the excess tax benefit over the amount recorded for financial reporting purposes for both continuing and discontinued operations was million, million and million, respectively. The excess tax benefits have been recorded as reductions to the current income tax provision and are reflected as operating cash inflows in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Included in deferred income taxes as of December 31, 2022 are tax benefits for U.S. and non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards totaling million million of which the Company does not expect to realize and have corresponding valuation allowances). Certain of the losses can be carried forward indefinitely and others can be carried forward to various dates from 2023 through 2042. In addition, the Company had general business and non-U.S. tax credit carryforwards of million million of which the Company does not expect to realize and have corresponding valuation allowances) as of 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 million of valuation allowances related to other deferred tax asset balances that are not more likely than not of being realized. 
 As of December 31, 2022, gross unrecognized tax benefits totaled approximately billion (approximately billion, net of the impact of million of indirect tax benefits offset by million associated with potential interest and penalties). As of December 31, 2021, gross unrecognized tax benefits totaled approximately billion (approximately billion, net of the impact of million of indirect tax benefits offset by million associated with potential interest and penalties). The Company recognized approximately million of net tax expense from potential interest and penalties during 2022, million of net tax benefits from the reversal of potential interest and penalties during 2021 and million of net tax expense from potential interest and penalties during 2020, related to both continuing and discontinued operations associated with uncertain tax positions. To the extent unrecognized tax benefits (including interest and penalties) are recognized with respect to uncertain tax positions, approximately billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, would reduce the tax expense and effective tax rate in future periods. The Company recognized interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within income taxes in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Unrecognized tax benefits and associated accrued interest and penalties are included in taxes, income and other accrued expenses as detailed in Note 13. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Acquisitions, divestitures and other ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
 The Company conducts business globally and files numerous consolidated and separate income tax returns in the U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The non-U.S. countries in which the Company has a significant presence include China, Denmark, Germany, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. Excluding these jurisdictions, the Company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate of any individual non-U.S. country would not have a material effect on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements given the geographic dispersion of the Company s taxable income. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are routinely examined by various U.S. and non-U.S. taxing authorities. The IRS has completed substantially all of the examinations of the Company s federal income tax returns through 2015 and is currently examining certain of the Company s federal income tax returns for 2016 through 2018. In addition, the Company has subsidiaries in Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and various other countries, states and provinces that are currently under audit for years ranging from 2004 through 2021. 
 Similar to the position it took in connection with the audit of the Company s taxable income for the years 2012 through 2015, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the IRS proposed significant adjustments to the Company s taxable income for the years 2016 through 2018 with respect to the deferral of tax on certain premium income related to the Company s self-insurance programs. The settlement of this matter for the 2012 through 2015 audit was not material to the Company s financial statements but did not preclude the IRS from proposing similar adjustments in future audit periods, as the IRS has with the 2022 assessment. For income tax purposes, the recognition of premium income has been deferred in accordance with U.S. tax laws related to insurance. The IRS is challenging the deferral of premium income for certain types of the Company s self-insurance policies. The proposed adjustments would increase the Company s taxable income over the 2016 through 2018 periods by approximately billion. Due to the enactment of the TCJA in 2017 and the resulting reduction in the U.S. corporate tax rate for years after 2017, the Company remeasured its deferred tax liabilities related to the temporary differences associated with this deferred premium income from to . If the Company is unsuccessful in defending its position, taxes owed to the IRS may be computed under the previous statutory tax rate and the Company may be required to remeasure the related deferred tax liabilities from to , which in addition to any interest due on the amounts assessed, would require a charge to 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 billion including applicable accrued interest (approximately million based on the exchange rate as of December 31, 2022). The Company s appeal of the tax assessments with the Danish National Tax Tribunal has been put on hold awaiting the final outcome of other preceding withholding tax cases that have been brought before the Danish High Court and the Danish Supreme Court. Management believes the positions the Company has taken in Denmark are in accordance with the relevant tax laws and is vigorously defending its positions. The Company intends on pursuing this matter through the Danish High Court and the Danish Supreme Court should the appeal to the Danish National Tax Tribunal be unsuccessful. While the ultimate resolution of this matter is uncertain and could take many years, taking into account the payments the Company has previously made related to these assessments in order to mitigate further interest accrual claims, the Company does not expect the resolution of this matter will have a future material adverse impact to the Company s financial statements, including its cash flow and effective tax rate. 
 Management estimates that it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits related to continuing operations may be reduced by approximately million within 12 months as a result of resolution of worldwide tax matters, net of payments for tax audit settlements and/or statute of limitations expirations. Future resolution of uncertain tax positions related to discontinued operations may result in additional charges or credits to earnings from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings (refer to Note 3). 
 The Company operates in various non-U.S. jurisdictions where income tax incentives and rulings have been granted for specific periods of time. In Switzerland, Singapore and Puerto Rico, the Company has various tax rulings and tax holiday arrangements which reduce the overall effective tax rate of the Company. The various rulings and tax holidays expire between 2022 and 2027. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had satisfied the conditions enumerated in these agreements. Included in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements are tax benefits of million, million and million (or , and per diluted common share) for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from these rulings and tax holidays. 

NOTE 8. 
 million per year through 2029 (subject to proration in 2021). The Company engaged a third-party valuation specialist to assist in determining the value of the elements of the transaction. The present value of the payments to Quidel was estimated to be million, of which million was recorded as a pretax contract settlement expense primarily due to the unfavorable nature of the prior arrangement (consisting of a cash charge of million and a noncash charge of million) in 2021 related to the modification and partial termination of the prior commercial arrangement and resolution of the associated litigation. The Company also capitalized million in intangible assets, comprised of proprietary technology, customer relationships and the use of a trade name acquired in the settlement, which represent a noncash investing activity. Due to the extended payment terms of the arrangement, the arrangement represents a noncash financing activity of million. Over the period of the arrangement, the cash payments related to servicing the obligation due to Quidel are recorded as cash outflows from financing activities and the payments related to the imputed interest on the obligation due to Quidel are recorded as cash outflows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 85 

NOTE 9. 
 Investment gains (losses): Realized investment gains (losses) Unrealized investment gains (losses) ) ) Total investment gains (losses) ) Gains on sale of product lines Other Total other income (expense), net ) 
 Other Components of Net Period Benefit Costs 
 The Company disaggregates the service cost component of net periodic benefit costs of noncontributory defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement employee benefit plans and presents the other components of net periodic benefit costs in other income (expense), net. These other components of net period benefit costs include the assumed rate of return on plan assets, partially offset by amortization of actuarial losses. The Company s net periodic benefit costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes a settlement loss of million million after-tax) as a result of the transfer of a portion of its non-U.S. pension liabilities related to one defined benefit plan to a third-party. 
 Investment Gains (Losses) 
 The Company estimates the fair value of investments in equity securities using the Fair Value Alternative and records adjustments to fair value within net earnings. Additionally, the Company is a limited partner in partnerships that invest primarily in early stage companies. While the partnerships record these investments at fair value, the Company s investments in the partnerships are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The investment gains (losses) include realized and unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of the Company s investments in equity securities and the Company s equity in earnings of the partnerships that reflect the changes in fair value of the investments of the partnerships and related management fees and operating expenses. In addition, during 2022 the Company recorded an impairment of million related to an equity method investment that is reflected in unrealized investment gains (losses). 
 Gains on Sale of Product Lines 
 During 2021 the Company divested certain product lines for a cash purchase price, net of cash transferred and transaction costs, of million and recognized a pretax gain on sale of million million after-tax). The divested product lines generated revenues of approximately million in the Environmental Applied Solutions segment in 2020. The divestiture of these product lines did not represent a strategic shift with a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results and therefore is not reported as a discontinued operation. 
 As a condition to obtaining certain regulatory approvals for the closing of the Cytiva Acquisition, the Company was required to divest certain of its existing product lines in the Biotechnology and Life Sciences segments that in the aggregate generated revenues of approximately million in 2019. During 2020, the Company completed the sale of these product lines for a cash purchase price, net of cash transferred and transaction costs, of million and recognized a pretax gain on sale of million million after-tax) in the second quarter of 2020. The divestiture of these product lines did not represent a strategic shift with a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results and therefore is not reported as a discontinued operation. 
 Loss on Early Extinguishment of Borrowings 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company redeemed the million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2025 at a redemption price equal to the outstanding principal amount and a make-whole premium as specified in the applicable indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a loss on early extinguishment of these borrowings related to the payment of the make-whole premiums and deferred costs in connection with the redemption of million million after-tax), which is reflected as a loss on early extinguishment of borrowings in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 86 

million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2022 at a redemption price equal to the outstanding principal amount and a make-whole premium as specified in the applicable indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a loss of million million after-tax) on early extinguishment of these borrowings, including deferred costs, related to the payment of the make-whole premiums in connection with the redemption which is reflected as a loss on early extinguishment of borrowings in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 

NOTE 10. 
 years, and some leases include options to terminate the leases within days. In certain of the Company s lease agreements, the rental payments are adjusted periodically to reflect actual charges incurred for common area maintenance, utilities, inflation and/or changes in other indexes. The Company s finance leases were not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Right-of-use ROU assets arising from finance leases are included in property, plant and equipment, net and the liabilities are included in notes payable and current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Variable operating lease expense Total operating lease expense Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Lease Assets and Liabilities Classification Operating lease ROU assets Other long-term assets Operating lease liabilities - current Accrued expenses and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities - long-term Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 
 (a) Includes short-term leases and sublease income, both of which were immaterial. 
 
 87 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no additional significant operating or finance leases that had not yet commenced. 

NOTE 11. 
 reporting units to reporting units. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had reporting units for goodwill impairment testing. The Company used the relative fair value method to reallocate goodwill to the associated reporting units impacted by the change in reportable segments in the fourth quarter of 2022, resulting in goodwill of approximately billion (including the impact of 2022 acquisitions prior to the allocation date) and billion being allocated to the Biotechnology and Life Sciences reportable segments, respectively. The Company performed the annual quantitative goodwill impairments analysis immediately prior to and following the change in reportable segments. As of the date of the 2022 annual impairment test, the carrying value of the goodwill included in each individual reporting unit ranged from million to approximately billion for the previous reporting units and million to approximately billion for the current reporting units. goodwill impairment charges were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and no triggering events have occurred subsequent to the performance of the 2022 annual impairment test. The factors used by management in its impairment analysis are inherently subject to uncertainty. If actual results are not consistent with management s estimates and assumptions, goodwill and other intangible assets may be overstated and a charge would need to be taken against net earnings. 
 88 

Attributable to 2021 acquisitions Attributable to 2021 divestitures ) ) Adjustments due to finalization of purchase price allocations ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Attributable to acquisitions (a) 
 Adjustments due to finalization of purchase price allocations ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) ) Balance, before resegmentation Reallocation among new reporting units (a) 
 ) Attributable to acquisitions ) Adjustments due to finalization of purchase price allocations ) ) Foreign currency translation and other Balance, December 31, 2022 
 billion of goodwill was allocated to the Biotechnology reportable segment, of which million is shown on the Attributable to acquisitions line before resegmentation as it relates to a 2022 acquisition that occurred prior to the allocation date. 
 Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their legal or estimated useful life. 
 ) ) Customer relationships, trade names and other intangibles ) ) Total finite-lived intangibles ) ) Indefinite-lived intangibles: Trademarks and trade names Total intangibles ) ) 
 During 2022, the Company acquired finite-lived intangible assets, consisting primarily of developed technology, customer relationships and trade names, with a weighted average life of years. During 2021, the Company acquired finite-lived intangible assets, consisting primarily of developed technology, customer relationships and trade names, with a weighted average life of years primarily as a result of the Aldevron Acquisition. Refer to Note 2 for additional information on the intangible assets acquired. 
 The Company reviews identified intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Indefinite-lived intangibles are subject to impairment testing at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that potential impairment exists. The Company identified impairment triggers during the second quarter of 2022 in the Environmental Applied Solutions segment and the first quarter of 2021 in the Diagnostics segment which resulted in the impairment of certain long-lived assets, including technology, customer relationships and trade names. In 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling million and million, respectively, related to these long-lived assets in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 89 

million, million and million, respectively. Based on the intangible assets recorded as of December 31, 2022, amortization expense is estimated to be approximately billion during 2023, billion during 2024, billion during 2025, billion during 2026 and billion during 2027. 

NOTE 12. 
 Investment in equity securities Cross-currency swap derivative contracts 
 Available-for-sale debt securities, which are included in other long-term assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, are measured at fair value using quoted prices reported by investment brokers and dealers based on the underlying terms of the security and comparison to similar securities traded on an active market. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, available-for-sale debt securities primarily included U.S. Treasury Notes and corporate debt securities. 
 The Company s investments in equity securities consist of investments in publicly traded equity securities and investments in non-marketable equity securities. The publicly traded securities are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy as they are measured based on quotes in active markets. For the non-marketable equity securities, the Company estimates the fair value of the investments in equity securities based on the measurement alternative and adjusts for impairments and observable price changes with a same or similar security from the same issuer within net earnings (the Fair Value Alternative ). The Company s investments in these equity securities are not classified in the fair value hierarchy due to the use of these measurement methods. Additionally, the Company is a limited partner in partnerships that invest primarily in early-stage companies. While the partnerships record these investments at fair value, the Company s investments in the partnerships are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and are not subject to fair value measurement disclosures. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s equity method investments included investments in partnerships with a carrying value of approximately billion and billion, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded net realized and unrealized losses of million and net realized and unrealized gains of million, respectively, related to changes in the fair value of the Company s investments in equity securities and the Company s equity in earnings of the partnerships that reflect the changes in fair value of the investments of the partnerships. Refer to Note 9 for additional information on gains and losses on the Company s investments, including investments in the partnerships. 
 The cross-currency swap derivative contracts are used to partially hedge the Company s net investments in non-U.S. operations against adverse movements in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the Danish kroner, Japanese yen, euro and Swiss franc. The Company also uses cross-currency swap derivative contracts to hedge the exchange rate exposure from long-term debt issuances in a foreign currency other than the functional currency of the borrower. The cross-currency swap derivative contracts are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as they are measured using the income approach with the relevant interest rates and current foreign currency exchange rates and forward curves as inputs. Refer to Note 15 for additional information. 
 90 

Long-term debt 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, short and long-term borrowings were categorized as Level 1. The fair value of long-term borrowings was based on quoted market prices. The difference between the fair value and the carrying amounts of long-term borrowings is attributable to changes in market interest rates and/or the Company s credit ratings subsequent to the incurrence of the borrowing. The fair values of borrowings with original maturities of one year or less, as well as cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, net and trade accounts payable generally approximate their carrying amounts due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. 
 Refer to Note 16 for information related to the fair value of the Company sponsored defined benefit pension plan assets. 

NOTE 13. 
 Pension and postretirement benefits Taxes, income and other Deferred revenue and customer advance payments Sales and product allowances Operating lease liabilities Contract settlement financing payable Other Total 
 
 91 

NOTE 14. 
 Euro-denominated commercial paper billion and billion, respectively) (e) 
 Floating rate senior unsecured notes due 6/30/2022 million) (the Floating Rate 2022 Euronotes (a) 
 senior unsecured notes due 11/15/2022 million) (the 2022 Biopharma Notes (b) 
 senior unsecured bonds due 12/08/2023 (CHF million) (the 2023 CHF Bonds (c) 
 senior unsecured notes due 3/30/2024 million) (the 2024 Euronotes (f) 
 senior unsecured notes due 11/15/2024 million) (the 2024 Biopharma Notes (b) 
 senior unsecured notes due 9/15/2025 million) (the 2025 U.S. Notes (f) 
 senior unsecured notes due 3/18/2026 billion) (the 2026 Biopharma Euronotes (b) 
 senior unsecured notes due 9/30/2026 million) (the 2026 Euronotes (f) 
 senior unsecured notes due 5/11/2027 billion) (the 2027 Yen Notes (d) 
 senior unsecured notes due 6/30/2027 million) (the 2027 Euronotes (a) 
 senior unsecured notes due 3/18/2028 billion) (the 2028 Biopharma Euronotes (b) 
 senior unsecured bonds due 12/08/2028 (CHF million) (the 2028 CHF Bonds (c) 
 senior unsecured notes due 11/15/2029 million) (the 2029 Biopharma Notes (b) 
 senior unsecured notes due 3/30/2030 million) (the 2030 Euronotes (f) 
 senior unsecured notes due 9/18/2031 billion) (the 2031 Biopharma Euronotes (b) 
 senior unsecured notes due 5/11/2032 billion) (the 2032 Yen Notes (d) 
 senior unsecured notes due 9/18/2039 billion) (the 2039 Biopharma Euronotes (b) 
 senior unsecured notes due 11/15/2039 million) (the 2039 Biopharma Notes (b) 
 senior unsecured notes due 9/15/2045 million) (the 2045 U.S. Notes (f) 
 senior unsecured notes due 9/18/2049 million) (the 2049 Biopharma Euronotes (b) 
 senior unsecured notes due 11/15/2049 million) (the 2049 Biopharma Notes (b) 
 senior unsecured notes due 10/01/2050 billion) (the 2050 U.S. Notes (f) 
 senior unsecured notes due 12/10/2051 billion) (the 2051 U.S. Notes (f) 
 Other Total debt Less: currently payable ) ) Long-term debt 
 (a) Issued by DH Europe Finance S.A. Danaher International ). 
 (b) Issued by DH Europe Finance II S.a.r.l. Danaher International II ). 
 (c) Issued by DH Switzerland Finance S.A. Danaher Switzerland ). 
 (d) Issued by DH Japan Finance S.A. Danaher Japan ). 
 (e) Issued by Danaher Corporation or Danaher International II. 
 (f) Issued by Danaher Corporation. 
 Debt discounts, premiums and debt issuance and other related costs totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and have been netted against the aggregate principal amounts of the related debt in the components of debt table above. 
 Commercial Paper Programs and Credit Facilities 
 In 2019, the Company entered into a billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks that expires on August 27, 2024, subject to a extension option at the request of the Company with the consent of the lenders (the Five-Year Facility ). The Five-Year Facility also contains an expansion option permitting Danaher to request up to five increases of up to an aggregate additional billion from lenders that elect to make such increase available, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 The Company expects to limit borrowings under the Five-Year Facility to amounts that would leave sufficient borrowing capacity under the facilities so that it could borrow, if needed, to repay all of the outstanding commercial paper as it matures. 
 92 

and basis points, depending on Danaher s long-term debt credit rating; (2) Base Rate Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans (each as defined in the Five-Year Facility) bear interest at a variable rate equal to the highest of (a) the Federal funds rate (as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from time to time) plus basis points; (b) Bank of America s prime rate as publicly announced from time to time and (c) the Eurocurrency Rate (as defined in the Five-Year Facility) plus basis points; and (3) Bid Loans (as defined in the Five-Year Facility) bear interest at the rate bid by the particular lender providing such loan. In addition, Danaher is required to pay a per annum facility fee of between and basis points (depending on Danaher s long-term debt credit rating) based on the aggregate commitments under the Five-Year Facility, regardless of usage. 
 The Five-Year Facility requires the Company to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the facility) of to or less. Borrowings under the Five-Year Facility are prepayable at the Company s option at any time in whole or in part without premium or penalty. As of December 31, 2022, borrowings were outstanding under the Five-Year Facility and the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the facilities. The nonperformance by any member of the Five-Year Facility syndicates would reduce the maximum capacity of the Five-Year Facility by such member s commitment amount. 
 The Company s obligations under the Five-Year Facility are unsecured. The Company has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the obligations of each of its subsidiaries in the event a subsidiary is named a borrower under the Five-Year Facility. The Five-Year Facility contains customary representations, warranties, conditions precedent, events of default, indemnities and affirmative and negative covenants. The Five-Year Facility is available for liquidity support for Danaher s U.S. dollar and euro commercial paper programs, as discussed below, and for general corporate purposes. 
 Under the Company s U.S. dollar and euro-denominated commercial paper programs, the Company or a subsidiary of the Company, as applicable, may issue and sell unsecured, short-term promissory notes. The notes are typically issued at a discount from par, generally based on the ratings assigned to the Company by credit rating agencies at the time of the issuance and prevailing market rates. The Five-Year Facility provides liquidity support for issuances under the Company s commercial paper programs, and can also be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The availability of the Five-Year Facility as a standby liquidity facility to repay maturing commercial paper is an important factor in maintaining the existing credit ratings of the Company s commercial paper programs. As commercial paper obligations mature, the Company may issue additional short-term commercial paper obligations to refinance all or part of these borrowings. As of December 31, 2022, borrowings outstanding under the Company s euro-denominated commercial paper programs had a weighted average annual interest rate of and a weighted average remaining maturity of approximately days. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has classified approximately billion of its borrowings outstanding under the euro-denominated commercial paper programs as long-term debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet (even though such borrowings are scheduled to mature within one year of December 31, 2022) as the Company had the intent and ability, as supported by availability under the Five-Year Facility, to refinance these borrowings for at least one year from the balance sheet date. 
 The Company s ability to access the commercial paper market, and the related costs of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of the Company s credit rating and market conditions. Any downgrade in the Company s credit rating would increase the cost of borrowings under the Company s commercial paper program and the Five-Year Facility, and could limit or preclude the Company s ability to issue commercial paper. If the Company s access to the commercial paper market is adversely affected due to a credit downgrade, change in market conditions or otherwise, the Company expects it would rely on a combination of available cash, operating cash flow, the Five-Year Facility and any other available sources of financing to provide short-term funding. In such event, the cost of borrowings under the Five-Year Facility or other available sources of financing could be higher than the cost of commercial paper borrowings. 
 Covenants and Redemption Provisions Applicable to Notes 
 With respect to the 2027 and 2032 Yen Notes; the 2024, 2026, 2027 and 2030 Euronotes; the 2025, 2045, 2050 and 2051 U.S. Notes; the 2022 (prior to their repayment in the fourth quarter of 2022), 2024, 2029, 2039 and 2049 Biopharma Notes; and the 2026, 2028, 2031, 2039 and 2049 Biopharma Euronotes, at any time prior to the applicable maturity date, the Company may redeem the applicable series of notes in whole or in part, by paying the principal amount accrued and unpaid interest and, until the par call date specified in the applicable indenture or comparable governing document, the make-whole premium specified therein (and in the case of the Yen Notes, net of certain swap-related gains or losses as applicable). With respect to each of the 2023 and 2028 CHF Bonds, at any time after or more of the applicable bonds have been redeemed or purchased and canceled, the Company may redeem some or all of the remaining bonds for their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid 
 93 

in the case of the 2027 and 2032 Yen Notes) of the principal amount of the notes and bonds, plus accrued and unpaid interest (and in the case of the Yen Notes, certain swap-related losses as applicable). A change of control triggering event means the occurrence of both a change of control and a rating event, each as defined in the applicable indenture or comparable governing document. Except in connection with a change of control triggering event, the Company does not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of a material amount of outstanding debt. Each holder of the 2027 and 2032 Yen Notes may also require the Company to repurchase some or all of its notes at a purchase price equal to of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest and certain swap-related losses as applicable, in certain circumstances whereby such holder comes into violation of economic sanctions laws as a result of holding such notes. 
 The respective indentures or comparable governing documents under which the above-described notes and bonds were issued contain customary covenants including, for example, limits on the incurrence of secured debt and sale-leaseback transactions. None of these covenants are considered restrictive to the Company s operations and as of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants. 
 LYONs 
 In 2001, the Company issued million (value at maturity) in LYONs. Pursuant to the terms of the indenture that governed the Company s LYONs, each 1,000 of principal amount at maturity could be converted into shares of Danaher common stock at any time on or before the maturity date of January 22, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, holders of certain of the Company s LYONs converted such LYONs into an aggregate of approximately thousand shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share. The Company s deferred tax liability of million associated with the book and tax basis difference in the converted LYONs was transferred to additional paid-in capital. The residual LYONS not converted into shares of the Company s stock were redeemed at face value on January 22, 2021. 
 Long-Term Debt Repayments 
 On June 30, 2022, the Company repaid the million aggregate principal amount of the Floating Rate 2022 Euronotes and on November 15, 2022 the Company repaid the million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Biopharma Euronotes upon their maturity using available cash and the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper. The billion aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Yen Notes were repaid during the first quarter of 2021 using proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper. During 2021 and 2020, the Company redeemed certain outstanding borrowings in advance of their scheduled maturities. Refer to Note 9 for details of these redemptions and the related losses on early extinguishment of borrowings incurred on such redemptions. 
 Guarantors of Debt 
 The Company has guaranteed long-term debt and commercial paper issued by certain of its wholly-owned finance subsidiaries: Danaher International, Danaher International II, Danaher Switzerland and Danaher Japan. All of the outstanding and future securities issued by each of these entities are or will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and these guarantees rank on parity with the Company s unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness . 
 94 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest payments decreased in 2022 due primarily to the decrease in outstanding debt in 2022 and 2021 and the year-over-year decrease in make-whole premiums on the early extinguishment of debt. 

NOTE 15. 
 95 

Foreign currency denominated debt 
 Cash flow hedges: Cross-currency contracts 
 ) Interest rate swaps Total ) Year ended December 31, 2021: Net investment hedges: Cross-currency contracts 
 Foreign currency denominated debt 
 Cash flow hedges: Cross-currency contracts 
 ) Interest rate swaps ) Total ) 
 Gains or losses related to the net investment hedges are classified as foreign currency translation adjustments in the schedule of changes in OCI in Note 19, as these items are attributable to the Company s hedges of its net investment in foreign operations. Gains or losses related to the cash flow hedges are classified as cash flow hedge adjustments in the schedule of changes in OCI in Note 19. The amount reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) for the cross-currency swap derivative contracts that are cash flow hedges of the Company s U.S. dollar-denominated debt was equal to the remeasurement amount recorded in the period on the hedged debt. 
 The Company did not reclassify any other deferred gains or losses related to net investment hedges or cash flow hedges from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, the Company did not have any ineffectiveness related to net investment hedges or cash flow hedges during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and, should they arise, any ineffective portions of the hedges would be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings during the period of change. The cash inflows and outflows associated with the Company s derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges are classified in all other investing activities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The cash inflows and outflows associated with the Company s derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges are classified in cash flows from operating activities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Nonderivative hedging instruments: Long-term debt 
 Amounts related to the Company s derivatives expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net earnings during the next 12 months, if interest rates and foreign exchange rates remain unchanged, are not significant. 
 96 

NOTE 16.) ) ) ) ) ) Service cost ) ) Interest cost ) ) ) ) ) ) Employee/retiree contributions ) ) ) ) Benefits and other expenses paid Actuarial gain (loss) Amendments, settlements and curtailments Foreign exchange rate impact and other Benefit obligation at end of year ) ) ) ) ) ) Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Employee contributions Amendments and settlements ) ) Benefits and other expenses paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange rate impact and other ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 The largest contributor to the net actuarial gains affecting the benefit obligations in 2022 and 2021 U.S. pension, non-U.S. pension plans and the postretirement benefit plans is increases in the discount rates compared to the rates in the prior year. 
 Fair value of plan assets 

97 

Fair value of plan assets 

Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 In 2022, the medical trend rate used to determine the postretirement benefit obligation was . The rate decreases gradually to an ultimate rate of by 2046 and remains at that level thereafter. In 2021, the medical trend rate used to determine the postretirement benefit obligation was , gradually decreasing to an ultimate rate of by 2046 and remaining at that level thereafter. The trend rate is a significant factor in determining the amounts reported. 
 ) ) Interest cost ) ) ) ) ) ) Expected return on plan assets Amortization of prior service (cost) credit ) ) Amortization of net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Curtailment and settlement gains (losses) recognized ) ) Net periodic pension benefit (cost) ) ) ) ) 
 The components of the net periodic benefit (cost) of the noncontributory defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement employee benefit plans other than service cost are included in other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 Expected long-term return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 
 The discount rate reflects the market rate on December 31 of the prior year for high-quality fixed-income investments with maturities corresponding to the Company s benefit obligations and is subject to change each year. For non-U.S. pension plans, rates appropriate for each plan are determined based on investment-grade instruments with maturities approximately equal to the average expected benefit payout under the plan. During 2021, the Company updated the mortality assumptions used to estimate the projected benefit obligation to reflect updated mortality tables. 
 Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2022 are the following amounts that have not yet been recognized in net periodic pension cost: unrecognized prior service credit of million million, after-tax) and unrecognized actuarial losses of approximately million million, after-tax). The unrecognized losses and prior service cost, net, is calculated as the difference between the actuarially determined projected benefit obligation and the value of the plan assets less accrued pension costs as of December 31, 2022. 
 98 

million million, after-tax) and unrecognized actuarial losses of million million, after-tax). The unrecognized losses and prior service credits, net, is calculated as the difference between the actuarially determined projected benefit obligation and the value of the plan assets less accrued benefit costs as of December 31, 2022. 
 Selection of Expected Rate of Return on Assets 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company used an expected long-term rate of return assumption of , , and , respectively, for its U.S. defined benefit pension plan. The Company intends to use an expected long-term rate of return assumption of for 2023 for such plan. This expected rate of return reflects the asset allocation of the plan, and is based primarily on broad, publicly-traded equity and fixed-income indices and forward-looking estimates of active portfolio and investment management. Long-term rate of return on asset assumptions for the non-U.S. plans were determined on a plan-by-plan basis based on the composition of assets and ranged from to in 2022 and to in 2021, with a weighted average rate of return assumption of in 2022 and in 2021. 
 Pension Plan Assets 
 The U.S. pension plan s goal is to maintain between and of its assets in equity portfolios, which are invested in individual equity securities or funds that are expected to mirror broad market returns for equity securities or in assets with characteristics similar to equity investments, such as venture capital funds and partnerships. Asset holdings are periodically rebalanced when equity holdings are outside this range. The balance of the U.S. plan asset portfolio is invested in bond funds, real estate funds, various absolute and real return funds and private equity funds. Non-U.S. plan assets are invested in various insurance contracts, equity and debt securities as determined by the administrator of each plan. The value of the plan assets directly affects the funded status of the Company s pension plans recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company has certain investments that are valued using Net Asset Value NAV as the practical expedient. In addition, certain of the investments valued using NAV as the practical expedient have limits on their redemption to monthly, quarterly, semiannually or annually and require up to days prior written notice. These investments valued using NAV consist of mutual funds, venture capital funds, partnerships, real estate, and other private investments, which allow the Company to allocate investments across a broad array of types of funds and diversify the portfolio. 
 Equity securities: Common stock Preferred stock Fixed income securities: Corporate bonds Government issued Mutual funds Insurance contracts Total Investments measured at NAV (a) : 
 Common/collective trusts Venture capital, partnerships and other private investments Total assets at fair value 
 (a) The fair value amounts presented in the table above are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets. 
 99 

million and million, respectively. During 2023, the Company s cash contribution requirements for its other postretirement benefit plans are expected to be approximately million. The ultimate amounts to be contributed depend upon, among other things, legal requirements, underlying asset returns, the plan s funded status, the anticipated tax deductibility of the contributions, local practices, market conditions, interest rates and other factors. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 Other Matters 
 Substantially all employees not covered by defined benefit plans are covered by defined contribution plans, which generally provide for Company funding based on a percentage of compensation. 
 A limited number of the Company s subsidiaries participate in multiemployer defined benefit and contribution plans, primarily outside of the United States, that require the Company to periodically contribute funds to the plan. The risks of participating in a multiemployer plan differ from the risks of participating in a single-employer plan in the following respects: (1) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers, (2) if a participating employer ceases contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be required to be borne by the remaining participating employers and (3) if the Company elects to stop participating in the plan, the Company may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the unfunded status of the plan. None of the multiemployer plans in which the Company s subsidiaries participate are considered to be quantitatively or qualitatively significant, either individually or in the aggregate. In addition, contributions made to these plans during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were not significant, either individually or in the aggregate. 
 The Company s expenses for all defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 17. 
 . The amount of the accrued warranty liability is determined based on historical information such as past experience, product failure rates or number of units repaired, estimated cost of material and labor and in certain instances estimated property damage. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued warranty liabilities of million and million, respectively. 
 Purchase Obligations 
 The Company has entered into agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the Company and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancellable at any time without penalty. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the Company s purchase obligations totaled approximately billion and the majority of these obligations are expected to be settled during 2023. 

NOTE 18. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 million for environmental matters which are known or considered probable and reasonably estimable (of which million are noncurrent), which reflects the Company s best estimate of the costs to be incurred with respect to such matters. 
 While the Company actively pursues insurance recoveries, as well as recoveries from other potentially responsible parties, it does not recognize any insurance recoveries for environmental liability claims until realized or until such time as a sustained pattern of collections is established related to historical matters of a similar nature and magnitude. 
 The Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation requires it to indemnify to the full extent authorized or permitted by law any person made, or threatened to be made a party to any action or proceeding by reason of his or her service as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of serving at the request of the Company as a director or officer of any other entity, subject to limited exceptions. Danaher s Amended and Restated By-laws provide for similar indemnification rights. In addition, Danaher has executed with each director and executive officer of Danaher Corporation an indemnification agreement which provides for substantially similar indemnification rights and under which Danaher has agreed to pay expenses in advance of the final disposition of any such indemnifiable proceeding. While the Company maintains insurance for this type of liability, a significant deductible applies to this coverage and any such liability could exceed the amount of the insurance coverage. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of guarantees consisting primarily of outstanding standby letters of credit, bank guarantees and performance and bid bonds. These guarantees have been provided in connection 
 102 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 19. 
 million shares of the Company s common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. There is no expiration date for the Repurchase Program, and the timing and amount of any shares repurchased under the program will be determined by the Company s management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Any repurchased shares will be available for use in connection with the Company s equity compensation plans (or any successor plan) and for other corporate purposes. On July 22, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of the Company s common stock for million as part of the Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2022 , approximately million shares remained available for repurchase pursuant to the Repurchase Program. The Company expects to fund any future stock repurchases using the Company s available cash balances or proceeds from the issuance of debt. 
 Except as discussed above, neither the Company nor any affiliated purchaser repurchased any shares of Company common stock during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Issuance of MCPS Conversion of MCPS to common stock ) Balance, end of period Common stock - shares issued: Balance, beginning of period Issuance of common stock attributable to stock-based compensation Conversion of MCPS to common stock Common stock issued in connection with acquisitions Common stock issued in connection with LYONs conversions Other issuance of common stock Balance, end of period 
 On April 15, 2022, all outstanding shares of the Company s MCPS Series A converted to common shares at a rate of common shares per share of preferred stock into an aggregate of million shares of the Company s common stock, pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designation governing the Series A Preferred Stock. Danaher issued cash in lieu of fractional shares of common stock in the conversion. The final quarterly cash dividend of per share was paid on April 15, 2022. 
 In May 2020, the Company completed the underwritten public offering of million shares of Danaher common stock at a price to the public of per share (the 2020 Common Stock Offering ), resulting in net proceeds of approximately billion, after deducting expenses and the underwriters discount of million. Simultaneously, the Company completed the underwritten public offering of million shares of its MCPS Series B, without par value and with a liquidation preference of per share (the 2020 MCPS Offering ), resulting in net proceeds of approximately billion, after deducting expenses and the underwriters discount of million. The Company has used the net proceeds from the 2020 Common Stock Offering and the 2020 MCPS Offering for general corporate purposes. 
 Unless converted earlier in accordance with the terms of the applicable certificate of designations, each share of MCPS Series B will mandatorily convert on April 15, 2023 into a number of shares of the Company s common stock between the Minimum Conversion Rate of shares and the Maximum Conversion Rate of shares (subject to further anti-dilution 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 consecutive trading day period beginning on, and including, the 21st scheduled trading day immediately before the Mandatory Conversion Date. Subject to certain exceptions, at any time prior to the Mandatory Conversion Date, holders may elect to convert the MCPS Series B shares into common stock based on the Minimum Conversion Rate (subject to further anti-dilution adjustments). In the event of a fundamental change, the MCPS Series B shares will convert at the fundamental change rates specified in the certificate of designations, and the holders of MCPS Series B shares would be entitled to a fundamental change make-whole dividend. 
 Holders of MCPS Series B will be entitled to receive, when and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors, cumulative dividends at the Annual Cumulative Dividend Rate of the Liquidation Preference per share, payable in cash or, subject to certain limitations, by delivery of shares of the Company s common stock or any combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election. If declared, dividends on the MCPS Series B shares are payable quarterly on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year (to, and including, the Mandatory Conversion Date), to the holders of record of the MCPS Series B shares as they appear on the Company s stock register at the close of business on the immediately preceding December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Stock options, RSUs and PSUs have been issued to directors, officers and other employees under the Company s 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, RSUs, restricted stock, PSUs or any other stock-based award and cash-based awards. A total of approximately million shares of Danaher common stock have been authorized for issuance under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million shares of the Company s common stock remain available for issuance unde r the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Stock options granted prior to 2022 under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan generally vest pro rata over a period and terminate from the grant date, though the specific terms of each grant are determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board (the Compensation Committee ). Stock options granted subsequent to December 31, 2021 under the amended and restated 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan generally vest pro rata over a period and terminate from the grant date, though specific terms of each grant are determined by the Compensation Committee. The Company s executive officers and certain other employees have been awarded options with different vesting criteria, and options granted to outside directors are fully vested as of the grant date. Option exercise prices for options granted by the Company equal the closing price of the Company s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of grant. 
 RSUs issued under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan provide for the issuance of a share of the Company s common stock at no cost to the holder. RSUs granted prior to 2022 to employees under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan generally provide for pro rata time-based vesting over a period, although executive officers and certain other employees have been awarded RSUs with different vesting criteria. RSUs granted subsequent to December 31, 2021 to employees under the amended and restated 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan generally vest pro rata over a period, although certain employees have been awarded RSUs with different vesting criteria. The RSUs that have been granted to directors under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan vest on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of, and immediately prior to, the next annual meeting of the Company s shareholders following the grant date, but the underlying shares are not issued until the earlier of the director s death or the first day of the seventh month following the director s retirement from the Board. Prior to vesting, RSUs granted under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan do not have dividend equivalent rights, do not have voting rights and the shares underlying the RSUs are not considered issued and outstanding. 
 PSUs issued under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan provide for the issuance of a share of the Company s common stock at no cost to the holder, vest based on specified performance criteria, are subject to an additional holding period following vesting and are entitled to dividend equivalent rights. The PSU dividend equivalent rights are subject to the same vesting and payment restrictions as the related shares, and the shares underlying the PSUs are not considered issued and outstanding. 
 The equity compensation awards granted by the Company generally vest only if the employee is employed by the Company (or in the case of directors, the director continues to serve on the Company Board) on the vesting date or in other limited circumstances, including following a qualifying retirement. To cover the exercise of options and vesting of RSUs and PSUs, the Company generally issues new shares from its authorized but unissued share pool, although it may instead issue treasury shares in certain circumstances. 
 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation by measuring the cost of employee services received in exchange for all equity awards granted based on the fair value of the award as of the grant date. The Company recognizes the compensation expense over the requisite service period (which is generally the vesting period but may be shorter than the vesting period if the 
 104 

Table of Contents 

Weighted average volatility Dividend yield Expected years until exercise 

The Black-Scholes model incorporates assumptions to value stock-based awards. The risk-free rate of interest for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on a zero-coupon U.S. government instrument whose maturity period equals or approximates the option s expected term. Expected volatility is based on implied volatility from traded options on the Company s stock and historical volatility of the Company s stock. The dividend yield is calculated by dividing the Company s annual common stock dividend, based on the most recent quarterly dividend rate, by the closing stock price on the grant date. To estimate the option exercise timing used in the valuation model (which impacts the risk-free interest rate and the expected years until exercise), in addition to considering the vesting period and contractual term of the option, the Company analyzes and considers actual historical exercise experience for previously granted options. The Company stratifies its employee population into multiple groups for option valuation and attribution purposes based upon distinctive patterns of forfeiture rates and option holding periods, as indicated by the ranges set forth in the table above for the risk-free interest rate and the expected years until exercise. 
 The amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized during a period is also based on the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. The Company estimates pre-vesting forfeitures at the time of grant by analyzing historical data and revises those estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Ultimately, the total expense recognized over the vesting period will equal the fair value of awards that actually vest. 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) RSU/PSU expense, net of income taxes Stock options: Pretax compensation expense Income tax benefit ) ) ) Stock option expense, net of income taxes Total stock-based compensation: Pretax compensation expense Income tax benefit ) ) ) Total stock-based compensation expense, net of income taxes 
 Stock-based compensation has been recognized as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Earnings. As of December 31, 2022, million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs/PSUs is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . As of December 31, 2022, million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . Futur e compensation amounts will be adjusted for any changes in estimated forfeitures. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 (a) 
 Vested as of December 31, 2022 
 (a) The expected to vest options are the net unvested options that remain after applying the forfeiture rate assumption to total unvested options. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of 2022 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2022. The amount of aggregate intrinsic value will change based on the price of the Company s common stock. 
 The weighted average per share grant-date fair values of options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Exercise of options during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 resulted in cash receipts of million, million and million, respectively. Upon exercise of the award by the employee, the Company derives a tax deduction measured by the excess of the market value over the grant price at the date of exercise. The Company realized a tax benefit of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the exercise of employee stock options. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 The Company realized a tax benefit of million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the vesting of RSUs and PSUs. 
 The excess tax benefit of million, million and million related to the exercise of employee stock options and vesting of RSUs and PSUs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, has been recorded as a reduction to the current income tax provision and is reflected as an operating cash inflow in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 In connection with the exercise of certain stock options and the vesting of RSUs previously issued by the Company, a number of shares sufficient to fund statutory minimum tax withholding requirements has been withheld from the total shares issued or released to the award holder (though under the terms of the applicable plan, the shares are considered to have been issued and are not added back to the pool of shares available for grant). During the year ended December 31, 2022, thousand shares with an aggregate value of million were withheld to satisfy the requirement. During the year ended December 31, 2021, thousand shares with an aggregate value of million were withheld to satisfy the requirement. The withholding is treated as a reduction in additional paid-in capital in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and a reduction in proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with stock-based compensation in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 107 

Table of Contents ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications: Increase (decrease) ) ) Income tax impact Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of income taxes ) ) Reclassification adjustments Increase (decrease) (a) 
 (b) 
 Income tax impact ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments, net of income taxes Net other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications: Increase (decrease) ) ) Income tax impact ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of income taxes ) ) Reclassification adjustments Increase (decrease) (a) 
 ) (b) 
 ) Income tax impact ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments, net of income taxes ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications: Increase (decrease) ) ) Income tax impact ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of income taxes ) ) Reclassification adjustments Increase (decrease) (a) 
 ) (b) 
 ) Income tax impact ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments, net of income taxes ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 (a) This accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component is included in the computation of net periodic pension and postretirement cost (refer to Note 16 for additional details). 
 (b) Reflects reclassification to earnings related to remeasurement of certain long-term debt (refer to Note 15 for additional details). 

108 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Management s annual report on its internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) and the independent registered public accounting firm s audit report on the effectiveness of Danaher s internal control over financial reporting are included in the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the headings Report of Management on Danaher Corporation s Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the Company s most recent completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act 
 Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which amended the Exchange Act to add Section 13(r) thereof, an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether, during the relevant reporting period, it or any entity acting on its behalf knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings related to parties subject to sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC within the U.S. Department of the Treasury, even if those transactions are authorized by law. 
 On March 2, 2021, the U.S. government designated the Russian Federal Security Service (the FSB as a blocked party under Executive Order 13382. On the same day, the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control issued General License No. 1B (the OFAC General License ), which generally authorizes U.S. companies to engage in certain transactions and dealings with the FSB necessary and ordinarily incident to requesting or obtaining licenses, permits, certifications or notifications issued or registered by the FSB for the importation, distribution or use of information technology products in Russia. Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act now requires disclosure of dealings with FSB, even where the activities were conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 In the normal course of business, as permitted and authorized by the OFAC General License (but subject to the Company s suspension of sales prohibited by sanctions and suspension of certain product shipments to Russia as a result of the conflict with Ukraine, as described above), certain of the Company s subsidiaries may file notifications with, or apply for import licenses and permits from, the FSB as required pursuant to Russian encryption product import controls for the purpose of enabling such subsidiaries or their channel partners to import and distribute certain products in the Russian Federation. There are no gross revenues or net profits directly associated with these activities, and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries distribute or sell products or provide services to the FSB. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Other than the information below, the information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Proposal 1 Election of Directors of Danaher , Corporate Governance and Other Information in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and from the information under the caption Information About Our 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officers in Part I hereof. No nominee for director was selected pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between the nominee and any person other than the Company pursuant to which such person is or was to be selected as a director or nominee. 
 Code of Ethics 
 Danaher has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers (including Danaher s principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) and employees, known as the Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct is available in the Sustainability section of Danaher s website at www.danaher.com. 
 Danaher intends to disclose any amendment to the Code of Conduct that relates to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K, and any waiver from a provision of the Code of Conduct granted to any director, principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, or any of its other executive officers, in the Sustainability section of its website, at www.danaher.com, within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Director Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Compensation Tables and Information (other than the Pay Versus Performance disclosure) and Summary of Employment Agreements and Plans in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders (provided that the Compensation Committee Report shall not be deemed to be filed and the Pay-Versus-Performance disclosure shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference herein). 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Beneficial Ownership of Danaher Common Stock by Directors, Officers and Principal Shareholders, Summary of Employment Agreements and Plans and Compensation Tables and Information in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders (provided that the Pay-Versus-Performance disclosure shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference herein). 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Director Independence and Related Person Transactions in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is Ernst Young LLP, Tysons, Virginia, PCAOB ID: 000 . 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Proposal 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 a) The following documents are filed as part of this report. 
 (1) Financial Statements. The financial statements are set forth under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Schedules. An index of Exhibits and Schedules is on page 112 of this report. Schedules other than those listed below have been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K because they are not required, are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits. The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 DANAHER CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SUPPLEMENTARY DATA AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 Page Number in Form 10-K Schedule: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 119 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Danaher Corporation 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to Danaher Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29, 2012 3.2 Certificate of Designations of the 4.75 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2019 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations of the 5.00 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 12, 2020 
 3.4 Amended and Restated By-laws of Danaher Corporation 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 7, 2022 4.1 Senior Indenture dated as of December 11, 2007 by and between Danaher Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as trustee Senior Indenture 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 1.2 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2007 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture to Senior Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2015, by and between Danaher Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as trustee 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15, 2015 4.3 Indenture dated as of July 8, 2015, by and between Danaher Corporation, as guarantor, DH Europe Finance S.a.r.l., as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as trustee Danaher International Indenture 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2015 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture to Danaher International Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2015, by and between Danaher Corporation, as guarantor, DH Europe Finance S.A., as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as trustee 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2015 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture to Danaher International Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2017, by and between Danaher Corporation, as guarantor, DH Europe Finance S.a.r.l., as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as trustee 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2017 4.6 Second Supplemental Indenture to Senior Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2019 between Danaher Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to Danaher Corporation s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed July 10, 2019 4.7 Third Supplemental Indenture to Senior Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2020 between Danaher Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2020 
 4.8 Fourth Supplemental Indenture to Senior Indenture, dated as of October 6, 2020 between Danaher Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2020 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 4.9 Fifth Supplemental Indenture to Senior Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2021 between Danaher Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2021 
 4.10 Third Supplemental Indenture to Danaher International Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2019 among DH Europe Finance S. r.l., as issuer, Danaher Corporation, as guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.5 to Danaher Corporation s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed July 10, 2019 4.11 Base Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2019, among DH Europe Finance II S. r.l., as issuer, Danaher Corporation, as guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee Danaher International II Indenture 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 18, 2019 4.12 First Supplemental Indenture to Danaher International II Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2019, among DH Europe Finance II S. r.l., as issuer, Danaher Corporation, as guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 18, 2019 4.13 Specimen Certificate of the 5.00 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B 
 Included in Exhibit 3.3 above 4.14 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 10.1 Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 8, 2021 10.2 Danaher Corporation Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended, a sub-plan under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Danaher Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 10.3 Amended Form of Election to Defer under the Danaher Corporation Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to Danaher Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 10.4 Form of Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors 
 10.5 Form of Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan RSU Agreement for Non-Employee Directors 
 10.6 Form of Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan Stock Option Agreement 
 10.7 Form of Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan RSU Agreement 
 10.8 Form of Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan PSU Agreement 
 10.9 Danaher Corporation Subsidiaries Amended and Restated Executive Deferred Incentive Program 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to Danaher Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 10.10 Amendment to Danaher Corporation Subsidiaries Amended and Restated Executive Deferred Incentive Program 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.14 to Danaher Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2019 
 10.11 Danaher Corporation Excess Contribution Program, a sub-plan under the 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to Danaher Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 10.12 Amendment to Danaher Excess Contribution Program 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.15 to Danaher Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2019 
 10.13 Amended and Restated Danaher Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.12 to Danaher Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2019 10.14 Amendment to Amended and Restated Danaher Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.13 to Danaher Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2019 10.15 Danaher Corporation Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Danaher Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 29, 2013 10.16 Amended and Restated Agreement Regarding Competition and Protection of Proprietary Interests by and between Danaher Corporation and Rainer M. Blair, dated May 6, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 6, 2020 
 10.17 Agreement Regarding Competition and Protection of Proprietary Interests by and between Danaher Corporation and Joakim Weidemanis, dated as of May 15, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to Danaher Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 3, 2020 10.18 Agreement Regarding Competition and Protection of Proprietary Interests by and between Danaher Corporation and Matthew McGrew dated November 7, 2018 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2018 10.19 Agreement Regarding Competition and Protection of Proprietary Interests by and between Danaher Corporation and Jennifer Honeycutt dated January 26, 2021 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.19 to Danaher Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 10.20 Agreement Regarding Competition and Protection of Proprietary Interests by and between Danaher Corporation and Jose - Carlos Gutierrez-Ramos dated February 14, 2023 
 10.21 Letter Agreement by and between Danaher Corporation and Jose-Carlos Gutierrez-Ramos dated November 23, 2020 
 10.22 Description of compensation arrangements for non-management directors 
 10.23 Management Agreement dated February 23, 2012 by and between FJ900, Inc. and Joust Capital III, LLC (1) 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.25 to Danaher Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 10.24 Interchange Agreement dated July 22, 2011 by and between Danaher Corporation and Joust Capital III, LLC (2) 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.10 to Danaher Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2011 10.25 Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement by and between Danaher Corporation and Rainer M. Blair, dated as of August 3, 2020 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Danaher Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 2, 2020 10.26 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.35 to Danaher Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 10.27 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2019, among Danaher Corporation, certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and a Swing Line Lender, and the lenders referred to therein 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Danaher Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 29, 2019 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 10.28 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2019, among Danaher Corporation, Bank of America, N.A., Bank of America, N.A. London Branch and Citibank, N.A. , each in their respective roles as a Swing Line Lender, Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent and the lenders referred to therein 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to Danaher Corporation s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2019 10.29 Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2019, among Danaher Corporation, Bank of America, N.A., Bank of America, N.A. London Branch and Citibank, N.A. , each in their respective roles as a Swing Line Lender, Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent and the lenders referred to therein 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to Danaher Corporation s Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2019 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 22.1 Subsidiary guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities and affiliates whose securities collateralize securities of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. (4) 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (4) 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (4) 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (4) 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (4) 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (4) 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Danaher is a party to additional long-term debt instruments under which, in each case, the total amount of debt authorized does not exceed 10 of the total assets of Danaher and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Pursuant to paragraph 4(iii)(A) of Item 601(b) of Regulation S-K, Danaher agrees to furnish a copy of such instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. (1) In accordance with Instruction 2 to Item 601(a)(4) of Regulation S-K, FJ900, Inc. (a subsidiary of Danaher) has entered into a management agreement with Joust Capital II, LLC that is substantially identical in all material respects to the form of agreement referenced as Exhibit 10.23, except as to the referenced aircraft and the name of the counterparty. (2) In accordance with Instruction 2 to Item 601(a)(4) of Regulation S-K, Danaher Corporation or a subsidiary thereof has entered into additional interchange agreements with each of Joust Capital II, LLC and Joust Capital III, LLC that are substantially identical in all material respects to the form of agreement attached as Exhibit 10.24, except as to the referenced aircraft and, in certain cases, the name of the counterparty. (3) In accordance with Instruction 2 to Item 601(a)(4) of Regulation S-K, Danaher Corporation has entered into an aircraft time sharing agreement with Matthew R. McGrew that is substantially identical in all material respects to the form of agreement referenced as Exhibit 10.25. (4) Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 DANAHER CORPORATION Date: February 22, 2023 By: /s/ RAINER M. BLAIR Rainer M. Blair President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated: 
 Name, Title and Signature Date /s/ STEVEN M. RALES February 22, 2023 Steven M. Rales Chairman of the Board /s/ MITCHELL P. RALES February 22, 2023 Mitchell P. Rales Chairman of the Executive Committee /s/ RAINER M. BLAIR February 22, 2023 Rainer M. Blair President, Chief Executive Officer and Director /s/ LINDA FILLER February 22, 2023 Linda Filler Director /s/ FEROZ DEWAN February 22, 2023 Feroz Dewan Director /s/ TERI LIST February 22, 2023 Teri List Director /s/ WALTER G. LOHR, JR. February 22, 2023 Walter G. Lohr, Jr. Director /s/ JESSICA L. MEGA, M.D., MPH February 22, 2023 Jessica L. Mega, M.D, MPH Director 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ PARDIS C. SABETI, M.D., D.Phil February 22, 2023 Pardis C. Sabeti, M.D., D.Phil Director /s/ A. SHANE SANDERS February 22, 2023 A. Shane Sanders 
 Director /s/ JOHN T. SCHWIETERS February 22, 2023 John T. Schwieters Director /s/ ALAN G. SPOON February 22, 2023 Alan G. Spoon Director /s/ RAYMOND C. STEVENS, Ph.D. February 22, 2023 Raymond C. Stevens, Ph.D. Director /s/ ELIAS A. ZERHOUNI, M.D. February 22, 2023 Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D. Director /s/ MATTHEW R. MCGREW February 22, 2023 Matthew R. McGrew Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer /s/ CHRISTOPHER M. BOUDA February 22, 2023 Christopher M. Bouda Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021: Allowances deducted from asset account Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Year ended December 31, 2020: Allowances deducted from asset account Allowance for doubtful accounts ) 
 (a) Amounts include allowance for doubtful accounts classified as current and noncurrent. 
 (b) Amounts related to businesses acquired, net of amounts related to businesses disposed not included in discontinued operations, and amounts related to the adoption impact from ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . 
 
 119 

<EX-4.14>
 2
 ex0414-descriptionofsecu.htm
 EX-4.14

ex0414-descriptionofsecu 

1 Exhibit 4.14 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT The following description of registered securities of Danaher Corporation is intended as a summary only and therefore is not a complete description. As used in this Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, the terms Danaher, Company, we, our and us refer to Danaher Corporation and do not, unless the context otherwise indicates, include our subsidiaries. Our authorized capital stock consists of 2,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 15,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without par value, of which 1,650,000 shares have been designated as 4.75 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, none of which remains outstanding, and 1,717,500 shares have been designated as 5.00 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock ). Our common stock and the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. We also have several classes of debt securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. COMMON STOCK This description of our common stock is based upon, and qualified by reference to, our restated certificate of incorporation (our Charter ), our amended and restated by-laws (our By-Laws and applicable provisions of Delaware corporate law (the DGCL ). You should read our Charter and By-Laws, which are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part and are incorporated by reference into this Exhibit, for the provisions that are important to you. General Each stockholder of record of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held on every matter properly submitted to the stockholders for their vote, including the election of directors. Directors are generally elected by a majority of the votes cast by holders of common stock. However, directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by holders of common stock in the case of elections held at a stockholders meeting for which (i) the Company s corporate secretary has received a notice or otherwise has become aware, prior to such meeting, that a holder of common stock has nominated a person for election to our board of directors and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or before the tenth day before the Company first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders. A majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes cast for a director s election exceeds the number of votes cast against that director s election. Abstentions and broker non- votes are not counted as votes cast either for or against a director s election. Holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Our By-Laws permit a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, owning 3 or more of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company s proxy materials directors constituting up to 20 of our board of directors, provided that the nominating stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the procedural and eligibility requirements specified in our By-Laws. After satisfaction of the dividend rights of holders of preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled ratably to any dividend declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available for this purpose. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably our net assets available, if any, after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred stock. Holders of our common stock have no redemption or conversion rights, no sinking fund provisions and no preemptive right to subscribe for or purchase additional shares of any class of our capital stock. The outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants or conversion or exchange of debt securities which are convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock, or in connection with the obligations of a holder of purchase contracts to purchase our common stock, when issued in accordance with their terms will be fully paid and nonassessable. 

2 The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. We are authorized to issue blank check preferred stock, which may be issued in one or more series upon authorization of our board of directors. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the designation of the series, the number of authorized shares of the series, dividend rights and terms, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights and terms, liquidation preferences and any other rights, powers, preferences and limitations applicable to each series of preferred stock. The authorized shares of our preferred stock are available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which our securities may be listed. If the approval of our stockholders is not required for the issuance of shares of our preferred stock, our board may determine not to seek stockholder approval. Anti-Takeover Effects of Various Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Charter and By-Laws Provisions of the DGCL and our Charter and By-Laws could make it more difficult to acquire the Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or to remove incumbent officers and directors. These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and takeover bids that our board of directors may consider inadequate and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute. Section 203 of the DGCL is applicable to us. Section 203 of the DGCL restricts some types of transactions and business combinations between a corporation and a 15 stockholder. A 15 stockholder is generally considered by Section 203 to be a person owning 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. Section 203 refers to a 15 stockholder as an interested stockholder. Section 203 restricts these transactions for a period of three years from the date the stockholder acquires 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. With some exceptions, unless the transaction is approved by the board of directors and the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation, Section 203 prohibits significant business transactions such as: a merger with, disposition of significant assets to or receipt of disproportionate financial benefits by the interested stockholder, and any other transaction that would increase the interested stockholder s proportionate ownership of any class or series of our capital stock. The shares held by the interested stockholder are not counted as outstanding when calculating the two- thirds of the outstanding voting stock needed for approval. The prohibition against these transactions does not apply if: prior to the time that any stockholder became an interested stockholder, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction in which such stockholder acquired 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, or the interested stockholder owns at least 85 of our outstanding voting stock as a result of a transaction in which such stockholder acquired 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. Shares held by persons who are both directors and officers or by some types of employee stock plans are not counted as outstanding when making this calculation. Size of Board and Vacancies. Our Charter and By-Laws provide that the number of directors on our board of directors shall be not less than three nor more than fifteen, and shall be fixed exclusively by our board of directors. Any vacancies created in our board of directors resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors will be filled solely by a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum is present, or by 

3 a sole remaining director. Any director appointed to fill a vacancy, other than one arising from an increase in the authorized number of directors, will hold office until the earlier of the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he or she has replaced, a successor is duly elected and qualified or the earlier of such director s death, resignation or removal. Any director appointed to fill a newly created directorship resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors will hold office until the earlier of the next subsequent annual meeting of stockholders, a successor is duly elected and qualified or the earlier of such director s death, resignation or removal. Special Shareholder Meetings. Our Charter provides that special meetings of stockholders may be called by our secretary upon a written request delivered to the secretary by (a) the chairman of the board of directors, (b) the president, (c) our board of directors or (d) stockholders owning twenty-five percent (25 or more of the outstanding voting stock, provided that the stockholders satisfy the procedural requirements set forth in our By- Laws. Requirements for Advanced Notification of Shareholder Nominations and Proposals. Our By-Laws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than proposals and nominations made by or at the direction of the Company s Board of Directors, Chairman of the Board and/or President. Undesignated Preferred Stock. A series of our preferred stock could, depending on the terms of such series, impede the completion of a merger, tender offer or other takeover attempt. Our board of directors will make any determination to issue such shares based upon its judgment as to the best interests of our stockholders. Our directors, in so acting, could issue preferred stock having terms that could discourage an acquisition attempt through which an acquirer may be able to change the composition of our board of directors, including a tender offer or other transaction that some, or a majority, of our stockholders might believe to be in their best interests or in which stockholders might receive a premium for their stock over the then-current market price of the stock. Limitation on Directors Liability Our Charter provides that a member of the board of directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of their legal duties to us or our stockholders as a director, except for liability: for any breach of the director s legal duty to act in the best interests of us and our stockholders; for acts or omissions by the director with dishonest intentions or which involve intentional misconduct or an intentional violation of the law; for declaring dividends or authorizing the purchase or redemption of shares in violation of the DGCL; or for transactions where the director derived an improper personal benefit. Our Charter also allows us to indemnify directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL. PREFERRED STOCK This description of our Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is based upon, and qualified by reference to, our Charter, the certificate of designations setting forth the terms of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations ), our By-Laws and applicable provisions of the DGCL. You should read our Charter, the Certificate of Designations and our By-Laws, which are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part and are incorporated by reference into this Exhibit, for the provisions that are important to you. 

4 General The Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is fully paid and nonassessable, and our common stock issued upon the conversion of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock have no preemptive or preferential rights to purchase or subscribe for stock, obligations, warrants or other securities of ours of any class. Ranking The Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, with respect to dividend rights and distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, ranks: senior to (i) our common stock and (ii) each other class or series of our capital stock established after the Initial Issue Date the terms of which do not expressly provide that such class or series ranks senior to or on parity with the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution (we refer to our common stock and all such other classes or series of capital stock, collectively, as Junior Stock on parity with each class or series of our capital stock established after the Initial Issue Date the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will rank on parity with the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution (which we refer to collectively as Parity Stock junior to each class or series of our capital stock established after the Initial Issue Date, the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior to the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, as to dividend rights and distribution rights upon our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution (which we refer to collectively as Senior Stock junior to our existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities; and structurally subordinated to any existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries and capital stock of our subsidiaries held by third parties. Dividends Subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, (i) holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, out of funds legally available for payment, cumulative dividends at the rate per annum of 5.00 of the Liquidation Preference of 1,000 per share (equivalent to 50.00 per annum per share), payable in cash, by delivery of shares of our common stock or by delivery of any combination of cash and shares of our common stock, as determined by us in our sole discretion (subject to the limitations described below). See -Method of Payment of Dividends below. Declared dividends on the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are payable quarterly on January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on July 15, 2020, to, and including, April 15, 2023 (a Dividend Payment Date ), at an annual rate of 5.00 , and dividends shall accumulate from the most recent date as to which dividends shall have been paid or, if no dividends have been paid, from the Initial Issue Date, whether or not in any dividend period or periods there have been funds legally available for the payment of such dividends. Declared dividends are payable on the applicable Dividend Payment Date to holders of record of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, as they appear on our stock register at the Close of Business on the immediately preceding December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30, respectively (each, a Record Date ), whether or not such holders convert their shares, or such shares are mandatorily converted, after a Record Date and on or prior to the immediately succeeding Dividend Payment Date. These Record Dates will apply regardless of whether a particular Record Date is a Business Day. A Business Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in New York 

5 City are authorized or required by law or executive order to close. If a Dividend Payment Date is not a Business Day, payment will be made on the next succeeding Business Day, without any interest or other payment in lieu of interest accruing with respect to this delay. A dividend period is the period from, and including, a Dividend Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Dividend Payment Date except that the initial dividend period commenced on, and included, May 12, 2020 (the Initial Issue Date and ended on, and excluded, the July 15, 2020 Dividend Payment Date. The amount of dividends payable on each share of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for each full dividend period (after the initial dividend period) will be computed by dividing the annual dividend rate by four. Dividends payable on the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for any period other than a full dividend period will be computed based upon the actual number of days elapsed during such period over a 360-day year (consisting of twelve 30-day months). The dividend on the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for each subsequent dividend period after the initial dividend period, when, as and if declared, will be 12.50 per share. Accumulations of dividends on shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock do not bear interest. No dividend will be declared or paid upon, or any sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock set apart for the payment of dividends upon, any outstanding shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to any dividend period unless all dividends for all preceding dividend periods have been declared and paid upon, or a sufficient sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock has been set apart for the payment of such dividends upon, all outstanding shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, as applicable. Except as described above, dividends on shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock converted to common stock will cease to accumulate, and all other rights of holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will terminate, from and after the Mandatory Conversion Date, Fundamental Change Conversion Date or the Early Conversion Date (each, as defined below). So long as any share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend or distribution shall be declared or paid on our common stock or any other class or series of Junior Stock, and no common stock or any other Junior Stock shall be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by us or any of our subsidiaries unless, in each case, all accumulated and unpaid dividends for all preceding dividend periods have been declared and paid, or a sufficient sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock has been set apart for the payment of such dividends, on all outstanding shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. The foregoing limitation shall not apply to: (i) any dividend or distribution payable in shares of common stock or other Junior Stock, together with cash in lieu of any fractional share, (ii) purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of common stock or other Junior Stock in connection with the administration of any benefit or other incentive plan, including any employment contract, in the ordinary course of business, including, without limitation, (x) purchases to offset the Share Dilution Amount pursuant to a publicly announced repurchase plan, provided that any purchases to offset the Share Dilution Amount shall in no event exceed the Share Dilution Amount, (y) the forfeiture of unvested shares of restricted stock or share withholdings or other surrender of shares to which the holder may otherwise be entitled upon exercise, delivery or vesting of equity awards (whether in payment of applicable taxes, the exercise price or otherwise), and (z) the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares; (iii) purchases of fractional interests in shares of any common stock or other Junior Stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such shares of other Junior Stock or any securities exchangeable for or convertible into shares of common stock or other Junior Stock; (iv) any dividends or distributions of rights or common stock or other Junior Stock in connection with a stockholders rights plan or any redemption or repurchase of rights pursuant to any stockholders rights plan; (v) purchases of common stock or other Junior Stock pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy common stock or other Junior Stock existing prior to the preceding dividend period, including under a contractually binding stock repurchase plan; (vi) the deemed purchase or acquisition of fractional interests in shares of our common stock or other Junior Stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such shares or the security being converted or exchanged; (vii) the acquisition by us or any of our subsidiaries of record ownership in common stock or other Junior Stock or Parity Stock for the beneficial ownership of any other persons (other than us or any of our subsidiaries), including as trustees or custodians, and the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares; and (viii) the exchange or conversion of Junior Stock for or into other Junior Stock or of Parity 

6 Stock for or into other Parity Stock (with the same or lesser aggregate liquidation amount) or Junior Stock and the payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares. The phrase Share Dilution Amount means the increase in the number of diluted shares outstanding (determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and as measured from the Initial Issue Date) resulting from the grant, vesting or exercise of equity-based compensation to directors, employees and agents and equitably adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar transaction. When dividends on shares of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (i) have not been declared and paid in full on any Dividend Payment Date, or (ii) have been declared but a sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock sufficient for payment thereof has not been set aside for the benefit of the holders thereof on the applicable Record Date, no dividends may be declared or paid on any Parity Stock unless dividends are declared on the shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock such that the respective amounts of such dividends declared on the shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accumulated dividends and all declared and unpaid dividends per share on the shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock bear to each other; provided, however, that any unpaid dividends will continue to accumulate. Subject to the foregoing, and not otherwise, such dividends (payable in cash, securities or other property) as may be determined by our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, may be declared and paid on any securities, including our common stock, from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividends. Method of Payment of Dividends Subject to the limitations described below, we may pay any declared dividend (or any portion of any declared dividend) on the shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (whether for a current dividend period or any prior dividend period, including in connection with the payment of declared and unpaid dividends pursuant to the provisions described in -Mandatory Conversion and -Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change; Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount ), determined in our sole discretion: in cash; by delivery of shares of our common stock; or by delivery of any combination of cash and shares of our common stock. We will make each payment of a declared dividend on the shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in cash, except to the extent we elect to make all or any portion of such payment in shares of our common stock. We will give the holders of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock notice of any such election and the portions of such payment that will be made in cash and in shares of our common stock no later than 10 Scheduled Trading Days (as defined below) prior to the applicable Dividend Payment Date for such dividend; provided, however, that if we do not provide timely notice of this election, we will be deemed to have elected to pay the relevant dividend in cash. All cash payments to which a holder of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled in connection with a dividend will be rounded to the nearest cent. If we elect to make any such payment of a declared dividend, or any portion thereof, in shares of our common stock, such shares will be valued for such purpose at 97 of the Average VWAP (as defined below) per share of our common stock over the five consecutive Trading Day (as defined below) period beginning on, and including, the sixth Scheduled Trading Day (as defined below) prior to the applicable Dividend Payment Date (such average, the Average Price ). If the five Trading Day period to determine the Average Price ends on or after the relevant Dividend Payment Date (whether because a Scheduled Trading Day is not a Trading Day due to the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event (as defined below) or otherwise), then the applicable Dividend Payment 

7 Date will be postponed until the Business Day after the final Trading Day of such five Trading Day period. No interest or other amount will accrue as a result of such postponement. No fractional shares of our common stock will be delivered to the holders of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in payment or partial payment of a dividend. We will instead, to the extent we are legally permitted to do so, pay a cash amount to each holder that would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of our common stock based on the Average Price with respect to such dividend. To the extent a shelf registration statement is required in our reasonable judgment in connection with the issuance of, or for resales of, shares of our common stock issued as payment of a dividend on the shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, including dividends paid in connection with a conversion, we will, to the extent such a shelf registration statement is not currently filed and effective, use our commercially reasonable efforts to file and maintain the effectiveness of such a shelf registration statement until the earlier of such time as all such shares of common stock have been resold thereunder and such time as all such shares would be freely tradable without registration by holders thereof that are not (and were not at any time during the preceding three months) affiliates of ours for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. To the extent applicable, we will also use our commercially reasonable efforts to have the shares of our common stock qualified or registered under applicable U.S. state securities laws, if required, and approved for listing on The New York Stock Exchange (or if our common stock is not listed on The New York Stock Exchange, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which our common stock is then listed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the number of shares of our common stock to be delivered per share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in connection with any declared dividend, including any declared dividend payable in connection with a conversion, exceed a number equal to the total dividend payment per share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock divided by the Floor Price (as defined below). On the Initial Issue Date, the Floor Price was 57.05 (which was approximately 35 of the Initial Price (as defined below) in effect on the Initial Issue Date), subject to adjustment in a manner inversely proportional to any anti-dilution adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate as set forth below in -Anti-Dilution Adjustments. To the extent that the amount of any declared dividend exceeds the product of (x) the number of shares of our common stock delivered in connection with such dividend and (y) 97 of the Average Price applicable to such dividend, we will, if we are legally able to do so, and to the extent permitted under the terms of our credit facilities and other indebtedness, pay such excess amount in cash. No Optional Redemption The Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is not redeemable. Liquidation Preference In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, each holder of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to receive a Liquidation Preference in the amount of 1,000 per share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Liquidation Preference ), plus an amount (the Liquidation Dividend Amount equal to accumulated and unpaid dividends on such share to, but excluding, the date fixed for liquidation, winding-up or dissolution to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, after satisfaction of debt and other liabilities owed to our creditors and holders of shares of any Senior Stock and before any payment or distribution is made to holders of Junior Stock (including our common stock). If, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, the amounts payable with respect to (1) the Liquidation Preference plus the Liquidation Dividend Amount on the shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and (2) the liquidation preference of, and the amount of accumulated and unpaid dividends (to, but excluding, the date fixed for liquidation, winding-up or dissolution) on, all other Parity Stock are not paid in full, the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all holders of any such other Parity Stock will share equally and ratably in any distribution of our assets in proportion to their liquidation preference and amounts equal to accumulated and unpaid dividends to which they are entitled. After payment to any holder of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of the full amount of the Liquidation Preference and the Liquidation Dividend Amount for such holder s shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible 

8 Preferred Stock, such holder of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. Neither the sale, lease nor exchange of all or substantially all of our assets, nor our merger or consolidation into or with any other person, will be deemed to be our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, other than in connection with our liquidation, winding-up or dissolution. Our Charter, including the Certificate of Designations, does not contain any provision requiring funds to be set aside to protect the Liquidation Preference of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. Voting Rights The holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights, except as described below and as specifically required by Delaware law from time to time. Whenever dividends on any shares of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (i) have not been declared and paid, or (ii) have been declared but a sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock sufficient for payment thereof has not been set aside for the benefit of the holders thereof on the applicable Record Date, for the equivalent of six or more dividend periods, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (a Nonpayment ), the authorized number of directors on our board of directors will, at the next annual meeting of stockholders or at a special meeting of stockholders as provided below, automatically be increased by two and the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other series of Voting Preferred Stock (as defined below) then outstanding, will be entitled, at our next annual meeting or at a special meeting of stockholders, if any, to fill such newly created directorships by electing two additional directors (the Preferred Stock Directors provided, however, that the election of any such directors will not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirements of The New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or quoted) for listed or quoted companies to have a majority of independent directors or any applicable state or federal law, rule or regulation or the By-Laws as in effect on the Initial Issue Date; and provided, further, that our board of directors shall, at no time, include more than two Preferred Stock Directors. In the event of a Nonpayment, the holders of record of at least 25 of the shares of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any other series of Voting Preferred Stock may request that a special meeting of stockholders be called to elect such Preferred Stock Directors (provided, however, that if our next annual or a special meeting of stockholders is scheduled to be held within 90 days of the receipt of such request, the election of such Preferred Stock Directors, to the extent otherwise permitted by our By- laws, will, instead, be included in the agenda for and will be held at such scheduled annual or special meeting of stockholders). The Preferred Stock Directors stand for reelection annually, and at each subsequent annual meeting of the stockholders, so long as the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock continue to have such voting rights. At any meeting at which the holders of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to elect Preferred Stock Directors, the holders of record of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all other series of Voting Preferred Stock , present in person or represented by proxy, constitute a quorum and the vote of the holders of a majority of such shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and other Voting Preferred Stock so present or represented by proxy at any such meeting at which there shall be a quorum shall be sufficient to elect the Preferred Stock Directors. As used in this description, Voting Preferred Stock means any series of our preferred stock other than the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, which other series of our preferred stock ranks equally with of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock either as to dividends or to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and upon which like voting rights for the election of directors have been conferred and are exercisable. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion in voting power of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any other Voting Preferred Stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the respective Liquidation Preference amounts of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and such other Voting Preferred Stock voted. For the avoidance of doubt, holders of any Voting Preferred Stock, including any outstanding shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, will 

9 collectively have the right, but only under the circumstances described above, to collectively elect no more than two Preferred Stock Directors. If and when all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock have been paid in full (a Nonpayment Remedy ), the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock shall immediately and, without any further action by us, be divested of the foregoing voting rights, subject to the revesting of such rights in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment. If such voting rights for the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all other holders of Voting Preferred Stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected will terminate at such time and the authorized number of directors on our board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time, with cause as provided by law or without cause by the holders of record of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any other series of Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding (voting together as a single class) when they have the voting rights described above. In the event that a Nonpayment shall have occurred and there shall not have been a Nonpayment Remedy, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election of Preferred Stock Directors after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office or, if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and any other series of Voting Preferred Stock then outstanding (voting together as a single class) when they have the voting rights described above; provided, however, that the filling of each vacancy will not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirements of The New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or quoted) for listed or quoted companies to have a majority of independent directors or any applicable state or federal law, rule or regulation or the By-Laws as in effect on the Initial Issue Date. The Preferred Stock Directors are each entitled to one vote per director on any matter that comes before our board of directors for a vote. So long as any shares of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and all other series of Voting Preferred Stock at the time outstanding and entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or by vote at an annual or special meeting of such stockholders: (1) amend or alter the provisions of our Charter or the Certificate of Designations, so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of Senior Stock; (2) amend, alter or repeal any provision of our Charter or the Certificate of Designations so as to adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock; or (3) consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, or a merger or consolidation of us with another entity, unless in each case: (i) the shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity (or such Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is otherwise exchanged or reclassified), are converted or reclassified into or exchanged for preferred stock of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent; and (ii) the shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that remain outstanding or such shares of preferred stock, as the case may be, have rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers that, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, of such Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction; provided, however, that (1) any increase in the amount of our authorized but unissued shares of our preferred stock, (2) any increase in the amount of our authorized Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock or the issuance of any additional shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock or (3) the authorization or creation of any class or series of parity or Junior Stock, any increase in the amount of authorized but unissued shares of such class or series of parity or Junior Stock or the issuance of any shares of such class or series of parity or Junior Stock will be deemed not to adversely affect (or to otherwise cause to be materially less favorable) the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock and shall not require the 

10 affirmative vote of holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. Our Charter and Delaware law permit us, without the approval of any of our stockholders (including any holders of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock), to establish and issue a new series of preferred stock ranking equal with or junior to the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, which may dilute the voting and other interests of holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. If any amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would adversely affect one or more but not all series of Voting Preferred Stock, then only the series of affected Voting Preferred Stock adversely affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all other series of Voting Preferred Stock. We may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, without the consent of the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, so long as such action does not adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, and limitations and restrictions thereof, for the following purposes: to cure any ambiguity, omission or mistake, or to correct or supplement any provision contained in the Certificate of Designations establishing the terms of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision contained in such Certificate of Designations; to make any provision with respect to matters or questions relating to the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that is not inconsistent with the provisions of our Charter or with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations establishing the terms of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock; to make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (other than any holder that consents to such change); or with respect to the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, to waive any of our rights with respect thereto. In addition, we may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock without the consent of the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in order to conform the terms thereof to the description of the terms of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock set forth in the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to our offering of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, as supplemented and/or amended by any related pricing term sheet. Mandatory Conversion Each share of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, unless previously converted, will automatically convert on the Mandatory Conversion Date (as defined below) into a number of shares of our common stock equal to the Conversion Rate described below. If we declare a dividend on the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for the dividend period ending April 15, 2023, we will pay such dividend to the holders of record as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding Record Date, as described above under - Dividends. If, on or prior to March 31, 2023, we have not declared all or any portion of the accumulated dividends on the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, the Conversion Rate will be increased by a number of shares of our common stock equal to the amount of such undeclared, accumulated and unpaid dividends per share of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Additional Conversion Amount divided by the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 97 of the Average Price. To the extent that the Additional Conversion Amount per share of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock exceeds the product of such number of additional shares and 97 of the Average Price, we will, if we are legally able to do so, and to the extent permitted under the terms of our credit facilities and other indebtedness, declare and pay such excess amount in cash pro rata per share to the holders of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. The Conversion Rate is the number of shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of each share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock on the Mandatory Conversion Date and is subject to 

11 adjustment as described above for any Additional Conversion Amount or as described in -Anti-Dilution Adjustments below. The Fixed Conversion Rates, Dividend Threshold and Stock Prices defined below are as of the Initial Issue Date, have been adjusted multiple times since the Initial Issue Date, and are subject to further adjustment. On the Initial Issue Date, the Conversion Rate was as follows: if the Applicable Market Value (as defined below) of our common stock was greater than 199.68 (the initial Threshold Appreciation Price, which represented an approximately 22.5 appreciation over the Initial Price), then the Conversion Rate would be 5.0081 shares of our common stock per share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the initial Minimum Conversion Rate, subject to adjustment as described below under the caption -Anti-Dilution Adjustments ), which was approximately equal to 1,000 divided by the initial Threshold Appreciation Price; if the Applicable Market Value of our common stock was less than or equal to the initial Threshold Appreciation Price but greater than or equal to 163.00 (the initial Initial Price, which was equal to the per share public offering price of our common stock in a public offering of common stock that we conducted concurrently with our offering of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock), then the Conversion Rate would be equal to 1,000 divided by the Applicable Market Value of our common stock, which would be between 5.0081 and 6.1349 shares of our common stock per share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock; or if the Applicable Market Value of our common stock was less than the Initial Price, then the Conversion Rate would be 6.1349 shares of our common stock per share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the initial Maximum Conversion Rate ), which was approximately equal to 1,000 divided by the Initial Price. For the avoidance of doubt, the Conversion Rate per share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will in no event exceed the Maximum Conversion Rate, subject to adjustment as described under -Anti- Dilution Adjustments below and exclusive of any amounts owing in respect of any Additional Conversion Amount or any accrued and unpaid dividends paid at our election in shares of common stock. We refer to the Minimum Conversion Rate and the Maximum Conversion Rate collectively as the Fixed Conversion Rates. The Fixed Conversion Rates, the Initial Price, the Threshold Appreciation Price and the Applicable Market Value are each subject to adjustment as described under Anti-Dilution Adjustments below. Certain Definitions Applicable Market Value means the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the Settlement Period, (as defined below). Close of Business means 5:00 p.m., New York City time. Mandatory Conversion Date means the second Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of the Settlement Period. The Mandatory Conversion Date is expected to be April 15, 2023. If the Mandatory Conversion Date occurs after April 15, 2023 (whether because a Scheduled Trading Day during the Settlement Period is not a Trading Day due to the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event (as defined below) or otherwise), no interest or other amounts will accrue as a result of such postponement. Market Disruption Event means, with respect to any date: a failure by the primary U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which our common stock is listed or admitted for trading to open for trading during its regular trading session on such date; or the occurrence or existence, prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on such date, for more than a one half-hour period in the aggregate during regular trading hours, of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by 

12 reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant stock exchange or otherwise) in our common stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to our common stock. Settlement Period means the 20 consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the 21st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding April 15, 2023. A Trading Day is a day on which: there is no Market Disruption Event; and trading in our common stock generally occurs on The New York Stock Exchange or, if our common stock is not then listed on The New York Stock Exchange, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which our common stock is then listed or, if our common stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which our common stock is then listed or admitted for trading; provided, however, that if our common stock is not traded on any such exchange, association or market, Trading Day means any Business Day. A Scheduled Trading Day is any day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day. VWAP per share of our common stock on any Trading Day means the per share volume-weighted Average Price as displayed on Bloomberg page DHR AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Trading Day; or, if such price is not available, VWAP means the market value per share of our common stock on such Trading Day as determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained by us for this purpose, which may include any of the underwriters for this offering. The Average VWAP means the average of the VWAPs for each Trading Day in the relevant period. Conversion at the Option of the Holder Other than during a Fundamental Change Conversion Period (as defined below under Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change; Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount ), holders of our Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock have the option to convert their Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in whole or in part (but in no event less than one share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock), at any time prior to April 15, 2023, into shares of our common stock at the Minimum Conversion Rate (5.0081 shares as of the Initial Issue Date) of our common stock per share of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment as described under Anti-Dilution Adjustments below. If, as of the Conversion Date (as defined below) of any early conversion (the Early Conversion Date ), we have not declared all or any portion of the accumulated dividends in respect of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for all dividend periods ending on a Dividend Payment Date prior to such Early Conversion Date, the Conversion Rate for such early conversion will be increased by a number of shares of our common stock equal to the amount of such undeclared, accumulated and unpaid dividends per share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Early Conversion Additional Amount ), for such prior dividend periods, divided by the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the 20 consecutive Trading Day period (the Early Conversion Settlement Period commencing on, and including, the 21st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Early Conversion Date (such Average VWAP, the Early Conversion Average Price ). Notwithstanding the last sentence under Method of Payment of Dividends above, to the extent that the Early Conversion Additional Amount exceeds the product of such number of additional shares and the Early Conversion Average Price, we do not have any obligation to pay the shortfall. Except as described above, upon any optional conversion of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, we will make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends on such shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, unless such Early Conversion Date occurs after the Record Date for a declared 

13 dividend and on or prior to the immediately succeeding Dividend Payment Date, in which case such dividend will be paid on the applicable Dividend Payment Date, to the holder of record of the converted shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock as of the Close of Business on such Record Date, as described in the section above entitled Dividends. Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change; Fundamental Change Dividend Make- Whole Amount General If a Fundamental Change (as defined below) occurs on or prior to April 15, 2023, holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will have the right to: (i) convert their shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in whole or in part (but in no event less than one share of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock), into a number of shares of common stock equal to the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate (as defined below) per share of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock; (ii) with respect to such converted shares, receive the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount (as defined below), payable in cash or shares of our common stock; and (iii) with respect to such converted shares, receive the Accumulated Dividend Amount (as defined below) payable in cash or shares of our common stock, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to certain limitations with respect to the number of shares of our common stock that we will be required to deliver, all as described below. Notwithstanding clauses (ii) and (iii) above, if the Record Date for a dividend period for which we have, as of the Effective Date of a Fundamental Change, declared a dividend occurs before or during the related Fundamental Change Conversion Period (as defined below), then we will pay such dividend on the relevant Dividend Payment Date to the holders of record at the Close of Business on such Record Date, as described in Dividends, and the Accumulated Dividend Amount will not include the amount of such dividend, and the applicable Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount will not include the present value of such dividend. To exercise this right, holders must submit their Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for conversion such that the Conversion Date occurs during the period (the Fundamental Change Conversion Period beginning on the Effective Date of such Fundamental Change (as defined below) and ending on, and including, the date that is 20 calendar days after the Effective Date (or, if earlier, April 15, 2023). A Conversion Date occurring during such Fundamental Change Conversion Period is referred to herein as a Fundamental Change Conversion Date. Holders who convert their Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock with a Conversion Date not occurring during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period will not be entitled to the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate, Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or Accumulated Dividend Amount. We will notify holders of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of the Effective Date of a Fundamental Change no later than the second Business Day following such Effective Date. If we notify holders of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of a Fundamental Change later than the second Business Day following the Effective Date, the Fundamental Change Conversion Period will be extended by a number of days equal to the number of days from, and including, such second Business Day following the Effective Date with respect to the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to, but excluding, the date of the notice; provided, however, that the Fundamental Change Conversion Period will not be extended beyond April 15, 2023. A Fundamental Change will be deemed to have occurred upon: (i) the consummation of any transaction or event (whether by means of an exchange offer, liquidation, tender offer, consolidation, merger, combination, recapitalization or otherwise) in connection with which 90 or more of our common stock is exchanged for, converted into, acquired for or constitutes solely the right to receive, consideration 10 or more of which (excluding cash payments for fractional shares or pursuant to appraisal rights) is not common stock that is listed on, or 

14 immediately after the transaction or event will be listed on, any of The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors); (ii) any person or group (as such terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Exchange Act ), whether or not applicable), other than us, any of our wholly-owned subsidiaries or any of our or our wholly-owned subsidiaries employee benefit plans (or any person or entity acting solely in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), filing a Schedule TO or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act disclosing that such person or group has become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50 of the total voting power in the aggregate of all classes of capital stock then outstanding entitled to vote generally in elections of our directors or we otherwise become aware of such beneficial ownership; or (iii) our common stock ceasing to be listed for trading on The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) or another U.S. national securities exchange. For the purposes of this definition of Fundamental Change, any transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change under both clause (i) and clause (ii) above will be deemed to constitute a Fundamental Change solely under clause (i) of this definition of Fundamental Change. Fundamental Change Conversion Rates The Conversion Rate applicable to the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock submitted for conversion with a Conversion Date occurring during the Fundamental Change Conversion Period for a Fundamental Change (the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will be determined by reference to the table below (subject to adjustment), based on the Effective Date of such Fundamental Change (the Effective Date and the price (the Stock Price paid or deemed paid per share of our common stock in such Fundamental Change. If the holders of our common stock receive only cash in such Fundamental Change, the Stock Price shall be the cash amount paid per share of common stock. Otherwise, the Stock Price shall be the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day preceding the Effective Date. The Stock Prices set forth in the first row of the table (i.e., the column headers) of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the Fixed Conversion Rates of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are adjusted. The adjusted Stock Prices will equal the Stock Prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Minimum Conversion Rate immediately prior to the adjustment giving rise to the Stock Price adjustment and the denominator of which is the Minimum Conversion Rate as so adjusted. Each of the Fundamental Change Conversion Rates in the table below will be subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Fixed Conversion Rate as set forth in Anti-Dilution Adjustments. The following table sets forth the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate per share of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, as of the Initial Issue Date, after giving effect to the Adjustments, for each Stock Price and Effective Date set forth below. Effective Date 100.00 120.00 140.00 163.00 180.00 199.68 220.00 240.00 260.00 280.00 300.00 320.00 May 12, 2020 5.7253 5.6137 5.4906 5.3571 5.2713 5.188 5.1196 5.0673 5.0275 4.9976 4.9753 4.9588 April 15, 2021 5.8696 5.7579 5.6171 5.4527 5.3438 5.2383 5.1531 5.0905 5.0449 5.0126 4.99 4.9745 April 15, 2022 6.0298 5.9529 5.8059 5.5886 5.4309 5.2775 5.1611 5.0845 5.0365 5.0081 4.992 4.9832 April 15, 2023 6.1349 6.1349 6.1349 6.1349 5.5556 5.0081 5.0081 5.0081 5.0081 5.0081 5.0081 5.0081 The exact Stock Price and Effective Date may not be set forth in the table, in which case: if the Stock Price is between two Stock Price amounts on the table or the Effective Date is between two Effective Dates on the table, the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will be determined by straight-line interpolation between the Fundamental Change Conversion Rates set forth for the higher and lower Stock Price amounts and the earlier and later Effective Dates, as applicable, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable; if the Stock Price is in excess of 320.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the first row of the table above), then the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will be the Minimum Conversion Rate; and 

15 if the Stock Price is less than 100.00 per share (subject to adjustment as described above), then the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will be the Maximum Conversion Rate. Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount and Accumulated Dividend Amount For any shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that are converted during a Fundamental Change Conversion Period, in addition to the common stock issued upon conversion at the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate we will, at our option: (a) pay the holder of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in cash, to the extent we are legally permitted to do so, an amount equal to the present value, calculated using a discount rate of 5.00 per annum, of all scheduled dividend payments (excluding any Accumulated Dividend Amount, and subject to the second sentence under General above) on the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock for all remaining dividend periods (including any partial dividend period) from, and including, the Effective Date of the applicable Fundamental Change to, but excluding, the Mandatory Conversion Date (the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount (b) increase the number of shares of our common stock to be issued upon conversion by a number equal to (i) the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount divided by (ii) the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 97 of the Stock Price; or (c) pay the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount through any combination of cash and shares of our common stock in accordance with the provisions of clauses (a) and (b) above. As used herein, the term Accumulated Dividend Amount means, with respect to any Fundamental Change, the aggregate amount of undeclared, accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, as of the Effective Date of the relevant Fundamental Change, for all full dividend periods prior to such Effective Date, including (but subject to the second sentence under General above) for the partial dividend period, if any, from, and including, the applicable Dividend Payment Date immediately preceding such Effective Date to, but excluding, such Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Record Date for a dividend period for which we have, as of the Effective Date of a Fundamental Change, declared a dividend occurs before or during the related Fundamental Change Conversion Period, then we will pay such dividend on the applicable Dividend Payment Date to the holders of record at the Close of Business on such Record Date, as described in Dividends, and the Accumulated Dividend Amount will not include the amount of such dividend, and the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount will not include the present value of such dividend. The Accumulated Dividend Amount will be payable at our option: in cash, to the extent we are legally permitted to do so and to the extent permitted under the terms of our credit facilities and other indebtedness; in an additional number of shares of our common stock equal to (i) the Accumulated Dividend Amount divided by (ii) the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 97 of the Stock Price; or in a combination of cash and shares of our common stock in accordance with the provisions of the preceding two bullets. We will pay the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount and the Accumulated Dividend Amount in cash, except to the extent we elect on or prior to the second Business Day following the Effective Date of a Fundamental Change to make all or any portion of such payments in our common stock. In addition, if we elect to deliver common stock in respect of all or any portion of the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or the Accumulated Dividend Amount, to the extent that the portion of the Fundamental Change Dividend Make- Whole Amount or the Accumulated Dividend Amount paid in common stock exceeds the product of (x) the number of additional shares we deliver in respect thereof and (y) 97 of the Stock Price we will, if we are legally able to do so, and to the extent permitted under the terms of our credit facilities and other indebtedness, pay such excess 

16 amount in cash. Any such payment in cash may not be permitted by our then existing debt instruments, including any restricted payments covenants. However, if we are prohibited from paying or delivering, as the case may be, the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount (whether in cash or in shares of our common stock), in whole or in part, due to limitations of applicable Delaware law, then the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate will instead be increased by a number of shares of common stock equal to quotient of the cash amount of the aggregate unpaid and undelivered Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount divided by the greater of (i) the Floor Price and (ii) 97 of the Stock Price. To the extent that the cash amount of the aggregate unpaid and undelivered Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount exceeds the product of such number of additional shares and 97 of the Stock Price we will not have any obligation to pay the shortfall in cash or deliver additional shares of our common stock in respect of such amount. No fractional shares of our common stock will be delivered to converting holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in respect of the Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount or the Accumulated Dividend Amount. We will instead pay a cash amount to each converting holder that would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of our common stock based on the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the sixth Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Conversion Date. Not later than the second Business Day following the Effective Date of a Fundamental Change, we will notify holders of: the Fundamental Change Conversion Rate; any applicable Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount, and whether we will pay such amount in cash, shares of our common stock or a combination thereof, specifying the combination, if applicable; and the Accumulated Dividend Amount as of the Effective Date of the Fundamental Change and whether we will pay such amount in cash, shares of our common stock or a combination thereof, specifying the combination, if applicable. Our obligation to adjust the Conversion Rate in connection with a Fundamental Change and pay a Fundamental Change Make-Whole Amount (whether in cash, our common stock or any combination thereof) could possibly be considered a penalty under state law, in which case the enforceability thereof would be subject to general principles of reasonableness of economic remedies and therefore may not be enforceable in whole or in part. Conversion Procedures Upon Mandatory Conversion Any outstanding shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will mandatorily and automatically convert into shares of common stock on the Mandatory Conversion Date. The person or persons entitled to receive the shares of our common stock issuable upon mandatory conversion of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be treated as the record holder(s) of such shares as of the Close of Business on the Mandatory Conversion Date. Prior to the Close of Business on the Mandatory Conversion Date, the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock on the Mandatory Conversion Date, will not be outstanding for any purpose and the holder will have no rights with respect to such common stock, including voting rights, rights to respond to tender offers and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on the common stock, by virtue of holding such Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. Upon Early Conversion If a holder elects to convert Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock prior to the applicable Mandatory Conversion Date in the manner described in Conversion at the Option of the Holder (an Early 

17 Conversion or Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change; Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount (an Early Fundamental Change Conversion ), such holder must observe the following conversion procedures: If shares of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are in global form, to convert such Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, the holder must deliver to DTC the appropriate instruction form for conversion pursuant to DTC s conversion program. If shares of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock are held in certificated form, the holder must comply with certain procedures set forth in the Certificate of Designations for the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. In either case, if required, the holder must pay all transfer or similar taxes or duties, if any. The Conversion Date will be the date on which the holder has satisfied the foregoing requirements with respect to an Early Conversion or an Early Fundamental Change Conversion. The holder will not be required to pay any transfer or similar taxes or duties relating to the issuance or delivery of our common stock if such holder exercises their conversion rights, but such holder will be required to pay any tax or duty that may be payable relating to any transfer involved in the issuance or delivery of the common stock in a name other than their own. Common stock will be issued and delivered to the converting holder, or, if the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock being converted is in global form, the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion shall be delivered through the facilities of DTC, in each case together with delivery by us to the converting holder of any cash to which the converting holder is entitled, only after all applicable taxes and duties, if any, payable by the holder have been paid in full, and such shares and cash will be delivered on the latest of (i) the second Business Day immediately succeeding the Conversion Date, (ii) if applicable, the second Business Day immediately succeeding the last day of the Early Conversion Settlement Period and (iii) the Business Day after you have paid in full all applicable taxes and duties, if any. The person or persons entitled to receive the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be treated as the record holder(s) of such shares as of the Close of Business on the applicable Conversion Date. Prior to the Close of Business on the applicable Conversion Date, the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of any shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will not be deemed to be outstanding for any purpose, and the holder will have no rights with respect to such common stock, including voting rights, rights to respond to tender offers for the common stock and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on the common stock, by virtue of holding the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. Fractional Shares No fractional shares of our common stock will be issued to holders of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock upon conversion. In lieu of any fractional shares of our common stock otherwise issuable in respect of the aggregate number of shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock that are converted, cash will be paid in an amount (computed to the nearest cent) equal to the product of: (i) that same fraction; and (ii) the Average VWAP of our common stock over the five consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the sixth Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the applicable Conversion Date. If the Conversion Date occurs on or prior to the last Trading Day of such five consecutive Trading Day period, the cash payment shall be deferred until the second Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of such five consecutive Trading Day period. Subject to any applicable rules and procedures of DTC, if more than one share of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock is surrendered for conversion at one time by or for the same holder, the number of full shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of shares of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock so surrendered. Anti-Dilution Adjustments Each Fixed Conversion Rate will be adjusted only under the following enumerated circumstances: 

18 (1) We issue shares of Danaher common stock to all holders of our common stock as a dividend or other distribution, in which event, each Fixed Conversion Rate in effect at the Close of Business on the date fixed for determination of the holders of our common stock entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution will be multiplied by a fraction: the numerator of which is the sum of (x) the number of shares of our common stock outstanding at the Close of Business on the date fixed for such determination; and (y) the total number of shares of our common stock constituting such dividend or other distribution; and the denominator of which is the number of shares of our common stock outstanding at the Close of Business on the date fixed for such determination, without giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination. Any adjustment made pursuant to this clause (1) will become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the date fixed for such determination. If any dividend or distribution described in this clause (1) is declared but not so paid or made, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be readjusted, effective as of the date our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, publicly announces its decision not to pay or make such dividend or distribution, to such Fixed Conversion Rate that would be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. For the purposes of this clause (1), the number of shares of our common stock outstanding at the Close of Business on the date fixed for such determination shall not include shares that we hold in treasury but shall include any shares issuable in respect of any scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of our common stock. We will not pay any dividend or make any distribution on shares of our common stock that we hold in treasury. (2) We issue to all holders of shares of our common stock rights or warrants (other than rights or warrants issued pursuant to a dividend reinvestment plan or share purchase plan or other similar plans or pursuant to a rights plan) entitling them, for a period of up to 45 calendar days from the date of issuance of such rights or warrants, to subscribe for or purchase shares of our common stock at a price per share less than the Current Market Price (as defined below) of our common stock, in which case each Fixed Conversion Rate in effect at the Close of Business on the date fixed for determination of the holders of our common stock entitled to receive such rights or warrants will be increased by multiplying such Fixed Conversion Rate by a fraction: the numerator of which is the sum of (x) the number of shares of our common stock outstanding at the Close of Business on the date fixed for such determination and (y) the number of shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to such rights or warrants; and the denominator of which is the sum of (x) the number of shares of our common stock outstanding at the Close of Business on the date fixed for such determination and (y) the number of shares of our common stock equal to the quotient of the aggregate offering price payable to exercise such rights or warrants divided by the Current Market Price of our common stock. Any adjustment made pursuant to this clause (2) will become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the date fixed for such determination. In the event that such rights or warrants described in this clause (2) are not so issued, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be readjusted, effective as of the date our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, publicly announces its decision not to issue such rights or warrants, to such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such issuance had not been declared. To the extent that such rights or warrants are not exercised prior to their expiration or our common stock is otherwise not delivered pursuant to such rights or warrants upon the exercise of such rights or warrants, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be readjusted to such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment made upon the issuance of such rights or warrants been made on the basis of the delivery of only the number of shares of our common stock actually delivered. In determining whether any rights or warrants entitle the holders thereof to subscribe for or purchase common stock at less than the Current Market Price, and in determining the aggregate offering price payable to exercise such rights or warrants, there shall be taken into account any consideration received for such rights or warrants and the value of such consideration (if other than cash, to be determined in good faith by our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, which determination shall be final, conclusive and binding). For the purposes of this clause (2), the number of shares of our common stock at the time outstanding shall not 

19 include shares that we hold in treasury but shall include any shares issuable in respect of any scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of our common stock. We will not issue any such rights or warrants in respect of shares of our common stock that we hold in treasury. (3) We subdivide or combine our common stock, in which event each Fixed Conversion Rate in effect at the Close of Business on the effective date of such subdivision or combination shall be multiplied by a fraction: the numerator of which is the number of shares of our common stock that would be outstanding immediately after, and solely as a result of, such subdivision or combination; and the denominator of which is the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to such subdivision or combination. Any adjustment made pursuant to this clause (3) shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the effective date of such subdivision or combination. (4) (a) We distribute to all holders of our common stock evidences of our indebtedness, shares of our capital stock, securities, rights to acquire shares of our capital stock, cash or other assets, excluding: any dividend or distribution of shares of common stock described in clause (1) above; any rights or warrants described in clause (2) above; any dividend or distribution described in clause (5) below; any Spin-Off, as to which the provisions set forth below in clause (4)(b) shall apply; and an issuance solely pursuant to a Reorganization Event (as defined below), as to which the provisions described below under the caption Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of Our Common Stock will apply, in which event each Fixed Conversion Rate in effect at the Close of Business on the date fixed for the determination of holders of our common stock entitled to receive such distribution will be multiplied by a fraction: the numerator of which is the Current Market Price of our common stock; and the denominator of which is the Current Market Price of our common stock minus the fair market value, as determined by our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, in good faith (which determination shall be final, conclusive and binding), on such date fixed for determination, of the portion of the evidences of indebtedness, shares of our capital stock, securities, rights to acquire shares of our capital stock, cash or other assets so distributed applicable to one share of our common stock. To the extent such distribution is not so paid or made, each Fixed Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the distribution, if any, actually made or paid. (b) We make a distribution to all holders of our common stock consisting of capital stock of, or similar equity interests in, or relating to a subsidiary or other business unit of ours (herein referred to as a Spin-Off ), in which event each Fixed Conversion Rate in effect at the Close of Business on the date fixed for the determination of holders of our common stock entitled to receive such distribution will be multiplied by a fraction: 

20 the numerator of which is the sum of (x) the Current Market Price of our common stock and (y) the fair market value, as determined by our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, in good faith (which determination shall be final, conclusive and binding), of the portion of those shares of capital stock or similar equity interests so distributed applicable to one share of our common stock (or, if such shares of capital stock or equity interests are listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, the Current Market Price of such capital stock or equity interests); and the denominator of which is the Current Market Price of our common stock. Any adjustment made pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) of this clause (4) shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the date fixed for the determination of the holders of our common stock entitled to receive such distribution. In the event that such distribution described in paragraph (a) or (b) of this clause (4) is not so made, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be readjusted, effective as of the date our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, publicly announces its decision not to make such distribution, to such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared. If (x) an adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate is required under this clause (4)(b) during the applicable Settlement Period or (y) the Conversion Date for the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock submitted for early conversion occurs on or after the Ex-Date (as defined below) of the Spin-Off and prior to the time that the Current Market Price of our common stock is determined for purposes of clause (4)(b), then in either case delivery of the shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion will be delayed until the second Business Day immediately after the first date as of which the calculations provided for in clause (4)(b) can be completed. (5) We pay or make a dividend or other distribution consisting exclusively of cash to all holders of our common stock, other than a regular, quarterly cash dividend that does not exceed 0.18 per share with respect to the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock (the Dividend Threshold, Subject to adjustment as described below), excluding: a distribution solely pursuant to a Reorganization Event, as to which the provisions described below under the caption Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of Our Common Stock will apply; any dividend or other distribution in connection with our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up; and any consideration payable as part of a tender or exchange offer described in clause (6) below, in which event, each Fixed Conversion Rate in effect at the Close of Business on the date fixed for determination of the holders of our common stock entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution will be multiplied by a fraction: the numerator of which is the Current Market Price of our common stock minus the Dividend Threshold (provided that if the distribution is not a regular quarterly cash dividend, then the dividend threshold will, for purposes of such distribution, be deemed to be zero); and the denominator of which is the Current Market Price of our common stock minus the amount per share of such dividend or other distribution. The Dividend Threshold is subject to adjustment in a manner inversely proportional to adjustments to the applicable Fixed Conversion Rates pursuant to the provisions described under this Anti-Dilution Adjustments section; provided, however, that no adjustment will be made to the dividend threshold for any adjustment to the applicable Fixed Conversion Rates under this clause (5). Any adjustment made pursuant to this clause (5) shall become effective immediately after the Close of Business on the date fixed for the determination of the holders of our common stock entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution. In the event that any dividend or other distribution described in this clause (5) is not so paid or so made, each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be readjusted, effective as of the date our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, publicly announces its decision not to pay such dividend or make such other 

21 distribution, to such Fixed Conversion Rate which would then be in effect if such dividend or other distribution had not been declared. (6) We or any of our subsidiaries successfully complete a tender or exchange offer (in each case that would constitute a tender offer under the Exchange Act) for our outstanding common stock (which, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes tender or exchange offers for any securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our common stock, and also excludes any tender offer or exchange offer to holders of fewer than 100 shares of our common stock), where the cash and the value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of our common stock exceeds the Current Market Price of our common stock, in which event each Fixed Conversion Rate in effect at the Close of Business on the date of expiration of the tender or exchange offer (the Expiration Date will be multiplied by a fraction: the numerator of which shall be equal to the sum of: (i) the aggregate cash and fair market value (as determined in good faith by our board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, which determination shall be final, conclusive and binding), on the Expiration Date, of any other consideration paid or payable for shares of our common stock purchased or exchanged in such tender or exchange offer; and (ii) the product of: 1. the Current Market Price of our common stock; and 2. the number of shares of our common stock outstanding at the time such tender or exchange offer expires (excluding any shares purchased or exchanged in the tender or exchange offer); and the denominator of which shall be equal to the product of: (i) the Current Market Price of our common stock; and (ii) the number of shares of our common stock outstanding at the time such tender or exchange offer expires (including any shares purchased or exchanged in the tender or exchange offer). The amount of any adjustment made pursuant to this clause (6) shall be determined on the 10th Trading Day immediately following the Expiration Date, but the adjustment will become effective as of the Close of Business on the Expiration Date for the tender or exchange offer. In the event that we are, or one of our subsidiaries is, obligated to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to any such tender offer or exchange offer, but we are, or such subsidiary is, permanently prevented by applicable law from effecting any such purchases, or all such purchases are rescinded, then each Fixed Conversion Rate shall be readjusted to be such Fixed Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such tender offer or exchange offer had not been made. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, if the application of this clause (6) to any tender offer or exchange offer would result in a decrease in each Fixed Conversation Rate, no adjustment shall be made for such tender offer or exchange offer under this clause (6). If (x) an adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate is required pursuant to this clause (6) during the applicable Settlement Period or (y) the applicable Conversion Date for the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock submitted for early conversion occurs on or after the Expiration Date described above and prior to the time that the Current Market Price of our common stock is determined for purposes of this clause (6), then in either case, delivery of the related conversion consideration will be delayed to the second Business Day immediately after the first date as of which the calculations provided for in this clause (6) can be completed. In cases where the fair market value of the evidences of our indebtedness, shares of capital stock, securities, rights to acquire shares of our capital stock, cash or other assets as to which clauses (4)(a) or (5) above apply, applicable to one share of our common stock, dividended or distributed to stockholders equals or exceeds the Current Market Price (as determined for purposes of calculating the applicable Conversion Rate adjustment pursuant to such clause (4)(a) or (5)), then, in lieu of the adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate provided for in such clause (4)(a) or (5), holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive upon 

22 conversion of each share of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock in addition to the consideration otherwise deliverable upon such conversion, the kind and amount of the evidences of our indebtedness, shares of capital stock, securities, rights to acquire shares of our capital stock, cash or other assets comprising such dividend or distribution that such holder would have received if such holder had owned, immediately prior to the record date for determining the holders of our common stock entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, a number of shares of our common stock equal to the applicable Maximum Conversion Rate in effect on such record date. To the extent that we have a rights plan in effect with respect to our common stock on any Conversion Date, any Conversion Date, upon conversion of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, the holders will receive, in addition to common stock, the rights under the rights plan, unless, prior to such conversion date, the rights have separated from our common stock, in which case, and only in such case, each Fixed Conversion Rate will be adjusted at the time of separation as if we made a distribution to all holders of our common stock as described in clause (4)(a) above, subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary described in this Anti-Dilution Adjustments section, the Fixed Conversion Rates will not be adjusted on account of any rights issued pursuant to a rights plan, except to the extent provided in the preceding sentence. Any distribution of rights or warrants pursuant to a rights plan that would allow a holder to receive upon conversion, in addition to any common stock, the rights described therein shall not constitute a distribution of rights or warrants that would entitle you to an adjustment to the applicable Conversion Rate, unless and until such rights or warrants have separated from our common stock. We currently do not have a rights plan in effect. For the purposes of determining the adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate for the purposes of: clauses (2), (4)(a) and (5) above, the Current Market Price of our common stock is the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Date (as defined below) with respect to the issuance, distribution or dividend requiring such computation; clause (4)(b) above, the Current Market Price of our common stock and the capital stock or equity interests of the subsidiary or other business unit being distributed, as applicable, is the Average VWAP per share of common stock, capital stock or equity interests of the subsidiary or other business unit being distributed, as applicable, over the first 10 consecutive Trading Days commencing on and including the Ex-Date of such distribution (which Average VWAP, in the case of any such capital stock or equity interests, will be determined as if references to our common stock, and the ticker symbol thereof, in the definitions of VWAP and Trading Day were instead references such capital stock or equity interests, or the ticker symbol thereof, as applicable); and clause (6) above, the Current Market Price of our common stock is the Average VWAP per share of our common stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the Expiration Date of the relevant tender offer or exchange offer. The term Ex-Date, when used with respect to any issuance or distribution, means the first date on which shares of our common stock trade, regular way, without the right to receive such issuance or distribution. For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of our common stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way for this purpose. In addition, we may make such increases in each Fixed Conversion Rate as we deem advisable in order to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of our common stock resulting from any dividend or distribution of shares of our common stock (or issuance of rights or warrants to acquire shares of our common stock) or from any event treated as such for income tax purposes or for any other reason. We may only make such a discretionary adjustment if we make the same proportionate adjustment to each Fixed Conversion Rate. In the event of a taxable distribution to holders of our common stock that results in an adjustment of each Fixed Conversion Rate or other adjustment (or failure to make such adjustment) that has the effect of an increase in 

23 each Fixed Conversion Rate, holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock may, in certain circumstances, be deemed to have received a distribution subject to U.S. Federal income tax as a dividend. Any applicable withholding taxes (including backup withholding) resulting from any such adjustment (or failure to make such adjustment) may be withheld from any distributions and payments and deliveries upon conversion with respect to the Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. All adjustments to each Fixed Conversion Rate will be calculated to the nearest 1/10,000th of a share of our common stock. Prior to the first Trading Day of the applicable Settlement Period, no adjustment in a Fixed Conversion Rate will be required unless the adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least one percent in such Fixed Conversion Rate. If any adjustment is not required to be made because it would not change the applicable Fixed Conversion Rates by at least one percent, then the adjustment will be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment; provided, however, that on (x) the earlier of any applicable Conversion Date and the Effective Date of any Fundamental Change, and (y) each Trading Day of the applicable Settlement Period adjustments to each Conversion Rate will be made with respect to any such adjustment carried forward that has not been taken into account before such date. No adjustment to any Fixed Conversion Rates will be made if holders may participate, at the same time, upon the same terms and otherwise on the same basis as holders of our common stock and solely as a result of holding Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, in the transaction that would otherwise give rise to such adjustment as if they held, for each share of Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock a number of shares of our common stock equal to the Maximum Conversion Rate then in effect. We are not required to adjust any Fixed Conversion Rate except as described above. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary described above, and without limiting the prior sentence, the Fixed Conversion Rates will not be adjusted: (a) upon the issuance of any shares of our common stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on our securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of common stock under any plan; (b) upon the issuance of any shares of our common stock or rights, warrants, options, units or other securities exercisable for the purchase of those shares pursuant to any present or future retirement, deferred compensation, incentive or other benefit plan or program of or assumed by us or any of our subsidiaries; (c)upon the issuance of any shares of our common stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security outstanding as of the Initial Issue Date; (d) for a change in the par value of our common stock; (e) for stock repurchases, including structured or derivative transactions, that are not tender offers; (f) as a result of a tender offer that satisfies the exception described in clause (6) above for offers solely to holders of fewer than 100 shares of our common stock; (g) as a result of a tender or exchange offer by a person other than us or one or more of our subsidiaries; or (h) for accumulated dividends on the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, except as described above under Mandatory Conversion, Conversion at the Option of the Holder and Conversion at the Option of the Holder upon Fundamental Change; Fundamental Change Dividend Make-Whole Amount. We are required, within 10 Business Days following the effectiveness of an adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rates, to provide, or cause to be provided, a written notice of such adjustment to the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. We are also required to deliver a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the method by which the adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rate was determined and setting forth such adjusted Fixed Conversion Rate. 

24 If an adjustment is made to the Fixed Conversion Rates, an inversely proportional adjustment also will be made to the Threshold Appreciation Price, the Initial Price and the Floor Price. Whenever any provision of the Certificate of Designations requires us to calculate the VWAP per share of our common stock over a span of multiple days, we will make appropriate adjustments (including, without limitation, to the Applicable Market Value, the Early Conversion Average Price, the Current Market Price and the Average Price (as the case may be)) to account for any adjustments to the Initial Price, the Threshold Appreciation Price, the Floor Price, the Fixed Conversion Rates (as the case may be) that become effective, or any event that would require such an adjustment if the Ex-Date, Effective Date or Expiration Date (as the case may be) of such event occurs, during the relevant period used to calculate such prices or values (as the case may be). If: the record date for a dividend or distribution on shares of our common stock occurs after the end of the Settlement Period and before the Mandatory Conversion Date; and such dividend or distribution would have resulted in an adjustment of the number of shares of common stock issuable to the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock had such record date occurred on or before the last Trading Day of the Settlement Period, then we will deem the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to be holders of record, for each share of their Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, of a number of shares of our common stock equal to the Conversion Rate for purposes of that dividend or distribution. In this case, the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock would receive the dividend or distribution on our common stock together with the number of shares of our common stock issuable upon mandatory conversion of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of Our Common Stock If there occurs: any consolidation or merger of us with or into another person (other than a merger or consolidation in which we are the surviving corporation and in which the shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger or consolidation are not exchanged for cash, securities or other property of us or another person); any sale, transfer, lease or conveyance to another person of all or substantially all of our property and assets; any reclassification of our common stock into securities, including securities other than our common stock; or any statutory exchange of our securities with another person (other than in connection with a merger or acquisition), in each case, as a result of which our common stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, securities, cash or property (each such event, a Reorganization Event, and such securities, cash or property, the Reference Property, and the amount and kind of Reference Property that a holder of one share of our common stock would be entitled to receive on account of such Reorganization Event (without giving effect to any arrangement not to issue or deliver a fractional portion of any security or other property), a Reference Property Unit ), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary described above, from and after the effective time of such Reorganization Event, (i) the consideration due upon conversion or redemption of any Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be determined in the same manner as if each reference to any number of shares of common stock in the Certificate of Designations were instead a reference to the same number of Reference Property Units; and (ii) for purposes of the definition of Fundamental Change, the terms common stock and capital stock will be deemed to mean the common equity (including depositary receipts representing common equity), if any, forming part of such Reference Property; 

25 for these purposes, the VWAP of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that does not consist of a class of securities will be the fair value of such Reference Property Unit or portion thereof, as applicable, determined in good faith by us (or, in the case of cash denominated in U.S. dollars, the face amount thereof); and at the effective time of such Reorganization Event, we may amend the Certificate of Designations without the consent of the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to give effect to the provisions described in the previous bullet points. For purposes of the foregoing, the type and amount of Reference Property in the case of any Reorganization Event that causes our common stock to be converted into the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election) will be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of our common stock. We will notify holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of the weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made. We (or any successor to us) will, as soon as reasonably practicable (but in any event within 20 calendar days) after the occurrence of any Reorganization Event, provide written notice to the holders of the Series B Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of such occurrence and of the kind and amount of cash, securities or other property that constitute the Reference Property. Failure to deliver such notice will not affect the operation of the provisions described in this section. In connection with any adjustment to the Fixed Conversion Rates described above, we will also adjust the Dividend Threshold (as defined above), based on the number of shares of common stock or other equity interests comprising the Reference Property and (if applicable) the value of any non-stock consideration comprising the Reference Property. DEBT SECURITIES As used in this description of registered debt securities, the term Issuer refers to DH Europe Finance S. r.l., formerly DH Europe Finance S.A. Danaher International I ), in the case of the 2025 Notes and the 2027 Notes, to DH Europe Finance II S. r.l. Danaher International II ), in the case of the 2026 Notes, the 2028 Notes, the 2031 Notes, the 2039 Notes and the 2049 Notes and to Danaher Corporation Danaher in the case of the 2024 Notes, the September 2026 Notes and the 2030 Notes (each as hereinafter defined), the term Guarantor means Danaher in its capacity as guarantor of the notes issued by Danaher International I and Danaher International II and the term indenture means the applicable indenture for the particular series of notes being described. This description of our registered debt securities is based upon, and qualified by reference to, the indentures governing the terms of each series of notes. You should read the indentures and forms of notes which are incorporated by reference as exhibits with respect to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, for the provisions that are important to you. General The 2.500 Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes are issued and outstanding under the Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2015 (the 2015 Base Indenture ), among Danaher International I, as issuer, Danaher, as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee ), as trustee, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2015 (the 2015 Supplemental Indenture ), by and among Danaher International I, as issuer, Danaher, as guarantor, and the Trustee, as trustee and calculation agent. The following senior notes are issued and outstanding under the 2015 Base Indenture, as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2017 (the 2017 Supplemental Indenture ), by and among Danaher International I, as issuer, Danaher, as guarantor, and the Trustee, as trustee: 1.200 Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes, and together with the 2025 Notes, the Danaher International I Notes ). 

26 The following senior notes are issued and outstanding under the Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2019 (the 2019 Base Indenture ), among Danaher International II, as issuer, Danaher, as guarantor, and the Trustee, as trustee, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2019 (the 2019 Supplemental Indenture ), among Danaher International II, as issuer, Danaher, as guarantor, and the Trustee, as trustee: 0.200 Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ), 0.450 Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes ), 0.750 Notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes ), 1.350 Notes due 2039 (the 2039 Notes and 1.800 Notes due 2049 (the 2049 Notes, and together with the 2026 Notes, the 2028 Notes, the 2031 Notes and the 2039 Notes, the Danaher International II Notes ). The following senior notes are issued and outstanding under the Indenture, dated as of December 11, 2007 (the 2007 Initial Base Indenture ), by and between Danaher, as issuer, and the Trustee, as trustee, as amended by the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2019 (the Second Supplemental Indenture ), by and between Danaher, as issuer, and the Trustee, as trustee (the 2007 Initial Base Indenture, as so amended by the Second Supplemental Indenture, collectively, the 2007 Base Indenture ), as supplemented by the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2020 (the 2020 Supplemental Indenture ), by and between Danaher, as issuer, and the Trustee, as trustee: 1.700 Notes due 2024 (the 2024 Notes ), 2.100 Notes due 2026 (the September 2026 Notes and 2.500 Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes, and together with the 2024 Notes and the September 2026 Notes, the Danaher Notes ). Each series of notes are general unsecured obligations of the applicable Issuer and each series of Danaher International I Notes and Danaher International II Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Danaher. Each series of notes ranks equally in right of payment with all existing and any future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the applicable Issuer and ranks senior in right of payment to any existing and future indebtedness of the applicable Issuer that is subordinated to the notes. Each series of notes is also effectively subordinated to any existing and future secured indebtedness of the applicable Issuer to the extent of the assets securing such indebtedness and is structurally subordinated to all existing and any future indebtedness and any other liabilities of the respective subsidiaries of such Issuer. See the sections below titled Guarantees for information on the ranking of the Danaher guarantees and Certain Covenants for information on limitations on the Issuers and Danaher s ability to issue secured debt. The Issuer, maturity date, interest rate, interest payment dates, record dates, par call dates and aggregate principal amount of each series of notes is summarized in the following table: Series Issuer Maturity Interest Rate Interest Payment Dates Record Dates Par Call Date Aggregate Principal Amount Issued/ Authorized/ Outstanding 2024 Notes Danaher March 30, 2024 1.700 Annually in arrears on March 30, commencing on March 30, 2021 March 15 February 29, 2024 900 million 2025 Notes Danaher International I July 8, 2025 2.500 Annually in arrears on July 8, commencing on July 8, 2016 Fifteenth calendar day immediately preceding the related interest payment date April 8, 2025 800 million 2026 Notes Danaher International II March 18, 2026 0.200 Annually in arrears on March 18, commencing on March 18, 2020 March 3 December 18, 2025 1.25 billion September 2026 Notes Danaher September 30, 2026 2.100 Annually in arrears on September 30, commencing on September 30, 2020 September 15 July 30, 2026 800 million 2027 Notes Danaher International I June 30, 2027 1.200 Annually in arrears on June 30, commencing on June 30, 2018 Fifteenth calendar day immediately preceding the related interest payment date March 30, 2027 600 million 

27 2028 Notes Danaher International II March 18, 2028 0.450 Annually in arrears on March 18, commencing on March 18, 2020 March 3 December 18, 2027 1.25 billion 2030 Notes Danaher March 30, 2030 2.500 Annually in arrears on March 30, commencing on March 30, 2021 March 15 December 30, 2029 800 million 2031 Notes Danaher International II September 18, 2031 0.750 Annually in arrears on September 18, commencing on September 18, 2020 September 3 June 18, 2031 1.75 billion 2039 Notes Danaher International II September 18, 2039 1.350 Annually in arrears on September 18, commencing on September 18, 2020 September 3 March 18, 2039 1.25 billion 2049 Notes Danaher International II September 18, 2049 1.800 Annually in arrears on September 18, commencing on September 18, 2020 September 3 March 18, 2049 1.75 billion The notes are not subject to any sinking fund. Interest The 2025 Notes bear interest from July 8, 2015 or from the immediately preceding interest payment date to which interest has been paid on such series of notes. The 2027 Notes bear interest from June 30, 2017 or from the immediately preceding interest payment date to which interest has been paid. The Danaher International II Notes bear interest from September 18, 2019. The Danaher Notes bear interest from March 30, 2020 or from the immediately preceding interest payment date to which interest has been paid. Interest on an interest payment date is paid to the persons, or holders, in whose names the applicable series of notes is registered on the security register at the close of business on the record date set forth in the table above immediately preceding the relevant interest payment date. Interest on each series of notes is computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated and the actual number of days from and including the last date on which interest was paid on such series of notes (or July 8, 2015, if no interest has been paid in the case of the 2025 Notes; June 30, 2017, if no interest has been paid in the case of the 2027 Notes; September 18, 2019 if no interest has been paid in the case of the Danaher International II Notes; or March 30, 2020 if no interest has been paid in the case of the Danaher Notes), to but excluding the next scheduled interest payment date. This payment convention is referred to as ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA) as defined in the rulebook of the International Capital Market Association. If any interest payment date, the maturity date for any series of fixed rate notes or earlier date of redemption for such series of fixed rate notes falls on a day that is not a business day, the required payment will be made on the next business day as if it were made on the date the payment was due and no interest will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such interest payment date, maturity date or date of redemption, as the case may be. Optional Redemption At any time and from time to time prior to the applicable Par Call Date of any series of fixed rate notes, the Issuer has the right, at its option, to redeem the applicable series of notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i) 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, and (ii) the sum of the present values of the Remaining Scheduled Payments on such notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of the payments of interest that will be accrued and unpaid to and including the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis (ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA)) at the applicable Comparable Government Bond Rate (as defined below) plus 15 basis points in the case of the 2027 Notes, 20 basis 

28 points in the case of the 2026 Notes and 2028 Notes, 2025 Notes and 2031 Notes, 30 basis points in the case of the 2039 Notes, 35 basis points in the case of the 2049 Notes and 2024 Notes, 40 basis points in the case of the September 2026 Notes and 45 basis points in the case of the 2030 Notes, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the principal amount being redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption. In addition, on and after the applicable Par Call Date for each series of fixed rate notes, the Issuer has the right, at its option, to redeem such series of notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of such notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the principal amount being redeemed to the date of redemption. Comparable Government Bond Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the notes to be redeemed, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third business day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such business day of the Comparable Government Bond (as defined below) on the basis of the middle market price of the Comparable Government Bond prevailing at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such business day as determined by an independent investment bank selected by us. Comparable Government Bond means, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by us, a German government bond whose maturity is closest to the maturity of the series of notes to be redeemed (assuming that the notes to be redeemed matured on the applicable Par Call Date for such series of notes), or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other German government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, and/or market makers in, German government bonds selected by us, determine to be appropriate for determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. Par Call Date means with respect to each series of fixed rate notes, the par call date set forth in the table above. Remaining Scheduled Payments means, with respect to each note to be redeemed, the remaining scheduled payments of the principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related redemption date (assuming that such note matured on its applicable Par Call Date for such series of notes) but for such redemption; provided, however, that, if such redemption date is not an interest payment date with respect to such series of notes, the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment thereon will be deemed to be reduced by the amount of interest accrued thereon to such redemption date. Notice of any redemption will be mailed (or sent electronically in accordance with applicable depositary procedures) at least 15 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each registered holder of the notes to be redeemed. Any notice of redemption with respect to the Danaher International II Notes or Danaher Notes may, at the discretion of Danaher International II or Danaher, as applicable, be subject to the satisfaction or waiver of one or more conditions precedent. In that case the notice shall state the nature of such condition precedent. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the notes of any series are to be redeemed, the notes of such series to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee by such method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, subject to any applicable depositary procedures. Payment of Additional Amounts Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, the Guarantor or the Issuer, as applicable, may be required to pay as additional interest to certain noteholders such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment on such note after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge of whatever nature imposed upon or as a result of such payment by Luxembourg or the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein), will not be less than the amount provided for in such note to be then due and payable. 

29 Redemption Upon Changes in Withholding Taxes The Issuer may redeem all, but not less than all, of the notes of any series in the event of certain changes in the tax law of Luxembourg or the United States (or any taxing authority thereof or therein) if, in the written opinion of independent counsel chosen by the Guarantor or the Issuer, there is a material probability that the Guarantor or the Issuer will become obligated to pay additional interest on the notes as described above. This redemption would be at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes of such series being redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the notes of such series being redeemed to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. Change of Control Triggering Event If a change of control triggering event occurs, unless the Issuer has exercised its option to redeem the notes in full as described above, the Issuer will be required to make an offer (the change of control offer to each holder of each series of the notes to repurchase all or any part (equal to 100,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000 in excess thereof) of that holder s notes on the terms set forth in the notes. In the change of control offer, the Issuer will be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101 of the aggregate principal amount of notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the notes repurchased to the date of repurchase (the change of control payment ). Within 30 days following any change of control triggering event or, at the Issuer s option, prior to any change of control, but after public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the change of control, a notice will be mailed to holders of the notes describing the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the change of control triggering event and offering to repurchase the notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the change of control payment date ). The notice will, if mailed prior to the date of the consummation of the change of control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the change of control triggering event occurring on or prior to the change of control payment date. You can find the definitions of certain terms used in this section under the subsequent subheading Change of Control Triggering Event Definitions. On the change of control payment date, the Issuer will, to the extent lawful: accept for payment all notes or portions of notes properly tendered pursuant to the change of control offer; deposit with the paying agent an amount equal to the change of control payment in respect of all notes or portions of notes properly tendered; and deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the notes properly accepted together with an officers certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of notes or portions of notes being repurchased. The Issuer will not be required to make a change of control offer upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer and the third party repurchases all notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. In addition, the Issuer will not repurchase any notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the change of control payment date an event of default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the change of control payment upon a change of control triggering event. The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the notes as a result of a change of control triggering event. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with the change of control offer provisions of the notes, the Issuer will comply with those securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the change of control offer provisions of the notes by virtue of any such conflict. 

30 For purposes of the change of control offer provisions of the notes, the following terms will be applicable: Change of control means, in the case of the Danaher International I Notes and the Danaher International II Notes, the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than (a) Danaher or one of its subsidiaries, (b) any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan and (c) Steven M. Rales and Mitchell P. Rales) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50 of Danaher s or the Issuer s voting stock or other voting stock into which its voting stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; (2) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or more series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of Danaher s assets and the assets of its subsidiaries or the Issuer s assets and the assets of the Issuer s subsidiaries, in each case taken as a whole, to one or more persons (other than Danaher or one of Danaher s subsidiaries); or (3) Danaher ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the equity interests of the Issuer, other than as a result of the merger or consolidation of the Issuer with and into Danaher. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed to involve a change of control if (A) Danaher becomes a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company and (B)(X) the direct or indirect holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of our voting stock immediately prior to that transaction or (Y) immediately following that transaction no person (other than a holding company satisfying the requirements of this sentence) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 of the voting stock of such holding company. Change of Control Triggering Event Definitions Change of control triggering event means the occurrence of both a change of control and a rating event. In the case of the Danaher International II Notes, no change of control triggering event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular change of control unless and until such change of control has actually been consummated. Investment grade rating means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S P, and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any additional rating agency or rating agencies selected by Danaher. Moody s means Moody s Investors Service Inc., and any successor to its rating agency business. Rating agencies means (1) each of Moody s and S and (2) if either of Moody s or S P ceases to rate the notes or fails to make a rating of the notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuer s or the Guarantor s control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act with respect to the Danaher International I Notes and Danaher International II Notes and within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Danaher Notes, in either case selected by us (as certified by a resolution of Danaher s Board of Directors) as a replacement agency for Moody s or S P, or both of them, as the case may be. Rating event means the rating on the applicable series of notes is lowered by each of the rating agencies and such series of notes is rated below an investment grade rating by each of the rating agencies on any day within the 60-day period (which 60-day period will be extended so long as the rating of the notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the rating agencies) after the earlier of (1) the occurrence of a change of control and (2) public notice of the occurrence of a change of control or Danaher s intention to effect a change of control; provided, however, that a rating event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in 

31 rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular change of control (and thus will not be deemed a rating event for purposes of the definition of change of control triggering event) if the rating agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or inform the Trustee in writing at Danaher s or its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable change of control (whether or not the applicable change of control has occurred at the time of the rating event). S P means S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global, Inc., and any successor to its rating agency business. Voting stock means, with respect to any specified person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any date, the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person. Guarantees Danaher has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all obligations of Danaher International I and Danaher International II under the 2015 Base Indenture, the 2015 Supplemental Indenture, the 2017 Supplemental Indenture, the 2019 Base Indenture, the 2019 Supplemental Indenture, the Danaher International I Notes and the Danaher International II Notes, whether for the payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest or any additional amounts on the notes or otherwise, when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise. The guarantees are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Danaher, rank equally in right of payment with all of its other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and rank senior in right of payment to any existing and future indebtedness of Danaher that is subordinated to the notes. Each series of notes is also effectively subordinated to any existing and future secured indebtedness of Danaher to the extent of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all existing and any future indebtedness and any other liabilities of Danaher s subsidiaries (except for the applicable Issuer). See the section titled Certain Covenants below for information on limitations on Danaher s ability to issue secured debt. Event of Default Any of the following events constitute an event of default for each series of notes under the indentures (whatever the reason for such event of default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): (i) default in the payment of any interest upon any notes of that series when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; or (ii) default in the payment of the principal of or any premium on any notes of that series when due, whether at its maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise; or (iii) default in the deposit of any sinking fund payment, when and as due by the terms of any note of that series; or (iv) default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant, agreement or warranty of the Issuer or the Guarantor for the benefit of the holders of the notes under the applicable indenture (other than a covenant, agreement or warranty a default in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere specifically dealt with as an event of default or which has expressly been included in the applicable indenture solely for the benefit of series of notes other than that series), and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 90 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer or the Guarantor by the Trustee or to the Issuer or the Guarantor and the Trustee by the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of the notes of that series a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a notice of default hereunder; or (v) the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of (A) a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or (B) a decree or order adjudging the Issuer or the Guarantor 

32 bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Issuer or us under any applicable federal or state or foreign law, or appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or the Guarantor or of any substantial part of the property of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, and the continuance of any such decree or order for relief or any such other decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; or (vi) the commencement by the Issuer or the Guarantor of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by either the Issuer or the Guarantor to the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal or state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against either the Issuer or us, or the filing by either the Issuer or the Guarantor of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or state or foreign law, or the consent by either the Issuer or us to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or the Guarantor or of any substantial part of either of its property, or the making by either the Issuer or the Guarantor of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Issuer or the Guarantor in furtherance of any such action; or (vii) with respect to the Danaher International I Notes and Danaher International II Notes, any guarantee of notes of that series ceases to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the applicable indenture) or is determined in a final, non-appealable judgment to be unenforceable or invalid or any such guarantee of notes is asserted in writing by the Issuer or the Guarantor to no longer be in full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with its terms. If there is an event of default with respect to a series of notes, which continues for the requisite amount of time, either the Trustee or holders of at least 25 of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of that series may declare the principal amount of all of the notes of that series to be due and payable immediately, except that if an event of default occurs due to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization as provided in the applicable indenture, then the principal of and interest on the notes shall become due and payable immediately without any act by the trustee or any holder of notes. However, at any time after an acceleration with respect to notes of any series has occurred, but before a judgment or decree based on such acceleration has been obtained, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding notes of that series may, under certain circumstances, rescind and annul such acceleration. The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of a series may, on behalf of the holders of all notes of that series, waive any past default or event of default and its consequences for that series, except (1) a default in the payment of the principal, premium or interest with respect to those notes or (2) a default with respect to a provision of the indenture that cannot be amended without the consent of each holder affected by the amendment. In case of a waiver of a default, that default shall cease to exist, and any event of default arising from that default shall be deemed to have been cured for all purposes. The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount outstanding of the notes of any series may also, on behalf of the holders of notes of that series, waive, with respect to that series, compliance with certain restrictive covenants in the indenture. If any event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an event of default (collectively referred to in this paragraph as a default) occurs and is continuing with respect to notes of a particular series and if it is known to any specified responsible officer of the Trustee, the Trustee will mail to each holder of such notes notice of such default within 90 days after it occurs or, if later, after the Trustee obtains knowledge of such default. Except in the case of default in the payment of principal, premium or interest with respect to the notes of that series or in the making of any sinking fund payment with respect to the notes of that series, the Trustee may withhold such notice if and so long as the corporate trust committee or a committee of specified responsible officers of the Trustee in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of the holders of such notes. A holder may institute a suit against us for enforcement of such holder s rights under the applicable indenture, for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy only if the following conditions are satisfied: 

33 the holder gives the Trustee written notice of a continuing event of default with respect to a series of notes held by that holder; holders of at least 25 of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of that series make a request, in writing, and offer reasonable indemnity, to the Trustee for the Trustee to institute the requested proceeding; the Trustee does not receive direction contrary to the holder s request from holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of that series within 60 days following such notice, request and offer of indemnity under the terms of such indenture; and the Trustee does not institute the requested proceeding within 60 days following such notice. The Guarantor and each Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each of Danaher s fiscal years, an officers certificate stating that a review of the activities of Danaher and its Subsidiaries during the preceding fiscal year has been made under the supervision of the officers signing the officers certificate, with a view to determining whether the Guarantor and the Issuer have each kept, observed, performed and fulfilled its obligations under the indenture, and further stating, as to each such officer signing such officers certificate, that to the best of his knowledge the Guarantor and the Issuer shall have each kept, observed, performed and fulfilled each and every covenant (without regard to periods of grace or notice requirements) contained in the indenture and is not in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions hereof (or, if an event of default shall have occurred, describing all such events of default of which he may have knowledge). The Guarantor or the Issuer, as applicable, will, so long as any of the notes are outstanding, deliver to the Trustee, forthwith upon becoming aware of any event of default, an officers certificate specifying such event of default and what action the Guarantor or the Issuer, as applicable, is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto. Modification and Waiver of the Indentures An Issuer and the Trustee may enter into supplemental indentures for the purpose of modifying or amending an indenture with the consent of holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of each series of the outstanding notes affected. However, the consent of all of the holders of the outstanding notes that are affected thereby is required for any of the following modifications or amendments: to reduce the percentage in principal amount of notes of any series whose holders must consent to a supplemental indenture, or consent to any waiver of compliance with certain provisions of the indenture, or consent to certain defaults under the indenture, in each case as provided for in the indenture; to reduce the rate of, or change the stated maturity of any installment of, interest on any note; to reduce the principal of or change the stated maturity of principal of, or any installment of principal of or interest on, any note; to reduce the premium payable upon the redemption of any note; to make any note, or any premium or interest thereon, payable in a currency other than that stated in that note; to change any place of payment where any note or any premium or interest thereon is payable; to impair the right to bring a lawsuit for the enforcement of any payment on or after the stated maturity of any note (or in the case of redemption, on or after the date fixed for redemption); with respect to the Danaher Notes, to modify the provisions of the 2007 Base Indenture with respect to subordination of debt securities in a manner adverse to any registered holder of a debt security; or 

34 generally, to modify any of the above provisions of the indenture or any provisions providing for the waiver of past defaults or waiver of compliance with certain covenants, except to increase the percentage in principal amount of notes of any series whose holders must consent to an amendment or waiver, as applicable, or to provide that certain other provisions of the indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the holder of each outstanding note affected by the modification or waiver. In addition, an Issuer and the Trustee with respect to an indenture may enter into supplemental indentures without the consent of the holders of the outstanding notes for one or more of the following purposes : to evidence that another person has become the Issuer s successor and that the successor assumes the Issuer s covenants, agreements, and obligations in the indenture and in the notes; to surrender any of the Issuer s rights or powers under the indenture, or to add to its covenants further covenants for the protection of the holders of all or any series of notes; to add any additional events of default for the benefit of the holders of all or any series of notes; to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision in the indenture that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision in the indenture, or to make other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising under the indenture; to add to or change any of the provisions of the indenture as necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance of notes in bearer form, registrable or not registrable as to principal, and with or without interest coupons, or to permit or facilitate the issuance of notes in uncertificated form; to secure the notes; to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor or separate trustee with respect to the notes of one or more series and to add to or change any of the provisions of the indenture as necessary to provide for the administration of the indenture by more than one trustee; with respect to the Danaher Notes, with respect to the subordinated indenture, to add to, change or eliminate any of the subordination provisions in the indenture or change the definition of senior indebtedness in respect of one or more series of debt securities, provided that any such addition, change or elimination does not adversely affect the interests of the holders of outstanding debt securities in any material respect; and with respect to the Danaher International I Notes and Danaher International II Notes, to conform the indenture or any supplemental indenture to the description of the notes set forth in any prospectus or prospectus supplement related to such notes. Satisfaction and Discharge Each indenture will generally cease to be of any further effect with respect to a series of notes and the related guarantees if: the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee for cancellation all notes of that series (with limited exceptions); or all notes of that series not previously delivered to the Trustee for cancellation have become due and payable, will become due and payable within one year, or are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee, and in any such case the Issuer has deposited with the Trustee as trust funds (in euro) the entire amount sufficient to pay at maturity or upon redemption all of the principal, premium and interest due with respect to those notes; 

35 and if, in either case, an Issuer or the Guarantor also pays or causes to be paid all sums payable under the applicable indenture by an Issuer or the Guarantor and deliver to the Trustee an officers certificate and opinion of counsel stating that all conditions precedent to the satisfaction and discharge of the applicable indenture have been complied with. Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance Each series of notes is subject to the defeasance and discharge provisions of the applicable indenture. An Issuer may elect either: legal defeasance, which will permit the Issuer to defease and be discharged from, subject to limitations, all of its obligations with respect to those notes; or covenant defeasance, which will permit the Issuer and the Guarantor to be released from their obligations to comply with certain covenants relating to those notes. If we exercise our legal defeasance option with respect to a series of notes, payment of those notes may not be accelerated because of an event of default. If we exercise our covenant defeasance option with respect to a series of notes, payment of those notes may not be accelerated because of an event of default related to the specified covenants. Each Issuer may invoke legal defeasance or covenant defeasance with respect to any series of its notes only if: it irrevocably deposits with the Trustee, in trust, an amount in such currency (taking into account payment of principal, premium and interest thereon in accordance with their terms) which will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay, when due upon maturity or redemption, as the case may be, the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on those notes; it delivers to the Trustee a certificate from a nationally recognized firm of independent accountants expressing their opinion that the payments of principal, premium and interest when due on the deposited money will provide cash at such times and in such amounts as will be sufficient to pay the principal, premium, and interest when due with respect to all the notes of that series to maturity or redemption, as the case may be; no event which is, or after notice or lapse of time would become, an event of default under the indenture shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such deposit or, with regard to any default relating to Issuer s bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, at any time on or prior to the 90th day after such deposit; the deposit does not cause the Trustee to have a conflicting interest within the meaning of the Trust Indenture Act (assuming all securities under the indenture are in default within the meaning of such Act); the deposit is not a default under any other agreement binding on the Issuer; such deposit will not result in the trust arising from such deposit constituting an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, unless such trust is registered under, or exempt from, such act; the Issuer delivers to the Trustee an opinion of counsel addressing certain federal income tax matters relating to the defeasance; if the securities are to be redeemed prior to the stated maturity (other than from mandatory sinking fund payments or analogous payments), notice of such redemption shall have been duly given or provision for such notice satisfactory to the Trustee shall have been made; and we deliver to the Trustee an officers certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent to the defeasance and discharge of the notes of that series as contemplated by the applicable indenture have been complied with. 

36 Certain Covenants Each indenture governing the notes contains provisions that, among other things, require the applicable Issuer and the Guarantor to: deliver to the trustee all information documents and reports required to be filed by an Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, within 15 days after the same is filed with the SEC; preserve and keep in full force and effect the Guarantor s and the applicable Issuer s corporate existences; and pay and cause Danaher s significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act) to pay the applicable Issuer s, the Guarantor s and their taxes, assessments and government levies when due, except to the extent the same is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. Documents filed by an Issuer or the Guarantor with the SEC via the EDGAR system will be deemed to be filed with the Trustee and transmitted to holders of the notes as of the time such documents are filed via the EDGAR system. You can find the definitions of certain terms used in this section under the subsequent subheading Certain Covenants Definitions. Limitation on Secured Debt The indentures provide that Danaher will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, assume, or guarantee any Secured Debt without making effective provision for securing the notes equally and ratably with such Secured Debt. However, this limitation does not apply to debt secured by: purchase money mortgages created to secure payment for the acquisition or construction of any property including, but not limited to, any indebtedness incurred by Danaher or a Subsidiary prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after the later of the acquisition, the completion of construction (including any improvements on an existing property) or the commencement of commercial operation of such property, which indebtedness is incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of such property or construction or improvements on such property; mortgages, pledges, liens, security interests or encumbrances (collectively referred to as security interests) on property, or any conditional sales agreement or any title retention with respect to property, existing at the time of acquisition thereof, whether or not assumed by Danaher or any of its Subsidiaries; security interests on property or shares of capital stock or indebtedness of any corporation or firm existing at the time such corporation or firm becomes a Subsidiary; security interests in property or shares of capital stock or indebtedness of a corporation existing at the time such corporation is merged into or consolidated with Danaher or any of its Subsidiaries or at the time of a sale, lease, or other disposition of the properties of a corporation or firm as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to Danaher or any of its Subsidiaries, provided that no such security interests shall extend to any other Principal Property of ours or such Subsidiary prior to such acquisition or to other Principal Property thereafter acquired other than additions or improvements to the acquired property; security interests on Danaher s property or property of a Subsidiary in favor of the United States of America or any state thereof, or in favor of any other country, or any department, agency, instrumentality or political subdivision thereof (including, without limitation, security interests to secure indebtedness of the pollution control or industrial revenue type) in order to permit Danaher or any of its Subsidiaries to perform a contract or to secure indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price for the cost of constructing or improving the property subject to such security interests or which is required by law or regulation as a condition to the transaction of any business or the exercise of any privilege, franchise or license; 

37 security interests on any property or assets of any Subsidiary to secure indebtedness owing by it to Danaher or to another Subsidiary; any mechanics , materialmen s, carriers or other similar lien arising in the ordinary course of business, including construction of facilities, in respect of obligations that are not yet due or that are being contested in good faith; any security interest for taxes, assessments or government charges or levies not yet delinquent, or already delinquent, but the validity of which is being contested in good faith; any security interest arising in connection with legal proceedings being contested in good faith, including any judgment lien so long as execution thereof is being stayed; landlords liens on fixtures located on premises leased by Danaher or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; or any extension, renewal or replacement, or successive extensions, renewals or replacements, in whole or in part, of any security interest referred to in the foregoing bullets. Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions The indentures provide that that Danaher will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter any lease longer than three years (excluding leases of newly acquired, improved or constructed property) covering any Principal Property of Danaher or any of its Subsidiaries that is sold to any other person in connection with such lease (a Sale and Leaseback Transaction ), unless either: Danaher or such Subsidiary would be entitled, without equally and ratably securing the senior debt securities, to incur Indebtedness secured by a mortgage on the Principal Property leased pursuant to any of the bullets referenced above under Limitation on Secured Debt, or an amount equal to the value of the Principal Property so leased is applied to the retirement, within 120 days of the effective date of such arrangement, of indebtedness for borrowed money incurred or assumed by Danaher or a Subsidiary which is recorded as Funded Debt as shown on Danaher s most recent consolidated balance sheet and which in the case of such Indebtedness of ours, is not subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior payment of the notes or guarantees, as applicable. Exempted Indebtedness Notwithstanding the limitations on Secured Debt and Sale and Leaseback Transactions described above, Danaher and any one or more of its Subsidiaries may, without securing the notes, issue, assume, or guarantee Secured Debt or enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions, provided that, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such Secured Debt then outstanding (not including Secured Debt permitted under the foregoing exceptions) and the Attributable Debt of Sale and Leaseback Transactions, other than Sale and Leaseback Transactions described in either bullet of the preceding paragraph, at such time does not exceed 15 of Consolidated Net Assets. Business Activities Danaher International I and Danaher International II will not engage in any activities or take any action that would be inconsistent with the definition of finance subsidiary within the meaning of Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. 

38 Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets Danaher International I and Danaher International II may engage in a consolidation, merger or transfer or lease of assets substantially as an entirety only if: the surviving or acquiring entity is (1) Danaher or (2) a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States or any member country of the European Union directly or indirectly wholly-owned by Danaher and in each case the acquiring entity expressly assumes the Issuer s obligations with respect to the outstanding debt securities under the applicable indenture by executing a supplemental indenture; immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no event of default, or event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default, shall have happened and be continuing; and the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an officers certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that the consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture, comply with the applicable indenture and all conditions precedent relating to such transaction have been complied with. In addition, Danaher may engage in a consolidation, merger or transfer or lease of assets as an entirety only if: the surviving or acquiring entity is a U.S. corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust and the acquiring entity expressly assumes Danaher s obligations with respect to the outstanding debt securities under the indentures by executing a supplemental indenture; immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no event of default, or event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default, shall have happened and be continuing; and Danaher has delivered to the Trustee an officers certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that the consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture, comply with the indentures and all conditions precedent relating to such transaction have been complied with. Certain Covenants Definitions Set forth below are certain defined terms used in the indentures. Reference is made to the indentures for a complete definition of these terms, as well as any other capitalized terms used herein for which no definition is provided. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the following terms will mean as follows for purposes of covenants that may be applicable to any particular series of notes. Attributable Debt, in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction, means, as of any particular time, the present value (discounted at the rate of interest implicit in the lease involved in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as determined by Danaher in good faith) of the obligation of the lessee thereunder for rental payments (excluding, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee, whether or not designated as rent or additional rent, on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges or any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon the amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges) during the remaining term of such lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). Consolidated Assets means the aggregate of all assets of Danaher and its Subsidiaries (including the value of all existing Sale and Leaseback Transactions and any assets resulting from the capitalization of other long-term lease obligations in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP )), appearing on the most recent available consolidated balance sheet of Danaher and its Subsidiaries at their net book values, after deducting related depreciation, amortization and other valuation reserves, all prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

39 Consolidated Current Liabilities means the aggregate of the current liabilities of Danaher and its Subsidiaries appearing on the most recent available consolidated balance sheet of Danaher and its Subsidiaries, all in accordance with GAAP. In no event shall Consolidated Current Liabilities include any obligation of Danaher and its Subsidiaries issued under a revolving credit or similar agreement if the obligation issued under such agreement matures by its terms within twelve months from the date thereof but by the terms of such agreement such obligation may be renewed or extended or the amount thereof reborrowed or refunded at Danaher s option or the option of any Subsidiary for a term in excess of twelve months from the date of determination. Consolidated Net Assets means Consolidated Assets after deduction of Consolidated Current Liabilities. Funded Debt means, in the case of Danaher International I Notes, all indebtedness for money borrowed having a maturity of more than twelve months from the date of the most recent consolidated balance sheet of Danaher and its Subsidiaries or renewable and extendable beyond twelve months at the option of the borrower and all obligations in respect of lease rentals which under GAAP would be shown on Danaher s consolidated balance sheet as a liability item other than a current liability; provided, however, that Funded Debt shall not include any of the foregoing to the extent that such indebtedness or obligations are not required by GAAP to be shown on Danaher s balance sheet. Funded Debt means, in the case of Danaher International II Notes, all indebtedness for money borrowed having a maturity of more than twelve months from the date of the most recent consolidated balance sheet of Danaher and its Subsidiaries or renewable and extendable beyond twelve months at the option of the borrower and all obligations in respect of lease rentals which under GAAP would be required to be accounted for as finance leases on Danaher s consolidated balance sheet; provided, however, that Funded Debt shall not include any of the foregoing to the extent that such indebtedness or obligations are not required by GAAP to be shown on Danaher s balance sheet. Principal Property means any manufacturing plant, warehouse, office building or parcel of real property (including fixtures but excluding leases and other contract rights which might otherwise be deemed real property) owned by Danaher or any of its Subsidiaries, whether owned on the date of the indenture or thereafter, provided each such plant, warehouse, office building or parcel of real property has a gross book value (without deduction for any depreciation reserves) at the date as of which the determination is being made of in excess of two percent of the Consolidated Net Assets of Danaher and its Subsidiaries, other than any such plant, warehouse, office building or parcel of real property or portion thereof which, in the opinion of Danaher s board of directors (evidenced by a certified board resolution delivered to the Trustee), is not of material importance to the business conducted by Danaher and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Secured Debt means, in the case of Danaher International I Notes, Indebtedness for borrowed money and any Funded Debt which, in each case, is secured by a security interest in: any Principal Property, or any shares of capital stock or Indebtedness of any Subsidiary. Secured Debt means, in the case of Danaher International II Notes, Indebtedness for borrowed money and any Funded Debt which, in each case, is secured by a security interest in: any Principal Property, or any shares of capital stock or Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that owns a Principal Property. Subsidiary means any corporation or other entity (including, without limitation, partnerships, joint ventures and associations) of which at least a majority of the outstanding stock having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such corporation or other entity (irrespective of whether or not at the time the stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any such contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned by Danaher, or by one or more Subsidiaries of Danaher, or by Danaher and one or more other Subsidiaries. Each Issuer constitutes a Subsidiary under the indentures. 

40 Listing The notes are listed on The New York Stock Exchange; however, the Guarantor and the Issuers are under no obligation to maintain such listing, and may delist any series of the notes at any time. Book-Entry; Delivery and Form Except as described herein, certificates have not been and will not be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the global notes. Each series of notes are issued in the form of one or more fully registered global notes, deposited with, or on behalf of, a common depositary, and registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for the accounts of Clearstream Banking S.A. Clearstream ), and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System Euroclear ). Beneficial interests in the global notes are represented, and transfers of such beneficial interests will be effected, through accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct or indirect participants in Euroclear or Clearstream. Beneficial interests in the notes are in denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. Payments of principal, interest and additional amounts, if any, in respect of the global notes will be made to Euroclear, Clearstream, such nominee or such common depositary, as the case may be, as registered holder thereof. Distributions of principal, interest and additional amounts, if any, in respect of the global notes will be credited in euro to the extent received by Euroclear or Clearstream from the paying agent to the cash accounts of Euroclear or Clearstream participants in accordance with the relevant system s rules and procedures. Certificated Notes If the depositary for any of the notes represented by a registered global note is at any time unwilling or unable to continue as depositary or ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, and a successor depositary registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days, we will issue notes in definitive form in exchange for the registered global note that had been held by the depositary. Any notes issued in definitive form in exchange for a registered global note will be registered in the name or names that the depositary gives to the Trustee or other relevant agent of the Trustee. It is expected that the depositary s instructions will be based upon directions received by the depositary from participants with respect to ownership of beneficial interests in the registered global note that had been held by the depositary. In addition, the Issuer may at any time determine that the notes shall no longer be represented by a global note and will issue notes in definitive form in exchange for such global note pursuant to the procedure described above. The Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. is acting as trustee under the indentures governing the outstanding notes. Governing Law The indentures, the notes and the guarantees are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. For the avoidance of doubt, the applicability of Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law dated August 10, 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, shall be excluded. 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 ex104-omnibusincentivepl.htm
 EX-10.4

ex104-omnibusincentivepl 

Exhibit 10.4 DANAHER CORPORATION 2007 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (Non-Employee Directors) Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, As Amended and Restated (the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement ). I. NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT Name: Employee ID: The undersigned Optionee has been granted Options to purchase Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows: Date of Grant Exercise Price per Share Total Number of Shares Granted Type of Option Nonstatutory Stock Option Expiration Date Tenth anniversary of Date of Grant Vesting Schedule 100 vested upon grant II. AGREEMENT 1. Grant of Option. The Company hereby grants to the Optionee named in this Grant Notice (the Optionee ), an option (the Option or the Options as the case may be) to purchase the number of shares of Common Stock (the Shares set forth in the Grant Notice, at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Grant Notice (the Exercise Price ), and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. 2. Exercise of Option. (a) Right to Exercise. This Option shall be exercisable during its term in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. (b) Method and Time of Exercise. This Option shall be exercisable by any method permitted by the Plan and this Agreement that is made available from time to time by the external third party administrator of the Options. An exercise may be made with respect to whole Shares only, and not 

2 for a fraction of a Share. Shares shall not be issued under the Plan unless the issuance and delivery of such Shares comply with (or are exempt from) all applicable requirements of law, including (without limitation) the Securities Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws and regulations, and the regulations of any stock exchange or other securities market on which the Company s securities may then be traded. The Committee may require the Optionee to take any reasonable action in order to comply with any such rules or regulations. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Shares shall be considered transferred to the Optionee on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Shares. (c) Acknowledgment of Potential Securities Law Restrictions. Unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covers the Shares issued upon exercise of an Option, the Committee may require that the Optionee agree in writing to acquire such Shares for investment and not for public resale or distribution, unless and until the Shares subject to the Options are registered under the Securities Act. The Committee may also require the Optionee to acknowledge that the Optionee shall not sell or transfer such Shares except in compliance with all applicable laws, and may apply such other restrictions as it deems appropriate. The Optionee acknowledges that the U.S. federal securities laws prohibit trading in the stock of the Company by persons who are in possession of material, non-public information, and also acknowledges and understands the other restrictions set forth in the Company s Insider Trading Policy. (d) Fractional Shares. The Company will not issue fractional Shares upon the exercise of an Option. Any fractional Share will be rounded up and issued to the Optionee in a whole Share; provided that to the extent rounding a fractional Share up would result in the imposition of either (i) individual tax and penalty interest charges imposed under Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 409A ), or (ii) adverse tax consequences if the Optionee is located outside of the United States, the fractional Share will be rounded down without the payment of any consideration in respect of such fractional Share. (e) Automatic Exercise Upon Expiration Date. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (other than this Section), on the last trading day on which all or a portion of the outstanding Option may be exercised, if as of the close of trading on such day the then Fair Market Value of a Share exceeds the per share Exercise Price of the Option by at least .01 (such expiring portion of the Option that is so in-the-money, an Auto-Exercise Eligible Option ), the Optionee will be deemed to have automatically exercised such Auto-Exercise Eligible Option (to the extent it has not previously been exercised, forfeited or terminated) as of the close of trading in accordance with the provisions of this Section. In the event of an automatic exercise pursuant to this Section, the Company will reduce the number of Shares issued to the Optionee upon such automatic exercise of the Auto-Exercise Eligible Option in an amount necessary to satisfy (1) the Optionee s Exercise Price obligation for the Auto- Exercise Eligible Option, and (2) up to the maximum amount (or such other rate that will not cause adverse accounting consequences for the Company) of tax required to be withheld in the applicable jurisdiction(s), if any, arising upon the automatic exercise in accordance with the procedures of Section 6(f) of the Plan (unless the Committee deems that a different method of satisfying the tax withholding obligations is practicable and advisable), in each case based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the close of trading on the date of exercise. The Optionee may notify the Plan record-keeper in writing in advance that the Optionee does not wish for the Auto-Exercise Eligible Option to be exercised. This Section shall not apply to the Option to the extent that this Section causes the Option to fail to qualify for favorable tax treatment under applicable law. In its discretion, the Company may determine to cease automatically exercising Options at any time. 

3 3. Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price shall be by any of the following methods (or a combination thereof): (a) cash, delivered to the external third party administrator of the Options in any methodology permitted by such third party administrator; (b) upon the Administrator's approval, through a reduction in the number of Shares issued to the Optionee upon the exercise of the Option with a value, based on their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise, equal to the aggregate Exercise Price; (c) through a broker-dealer sale and remittance procedure under which the exercise notice directs that the Shares issued upon the exercise be delivered, either in certificate form or in book entry form, to a licensed broker acceptable to the Company as the agent for the Optionee and at the time the Shares are delivered to the broker, either in certificate form or in book entry form, the broker will tender to the Company cash or cash equivalents acceptable to the Company and equal to the aggregate Exercise Price; or (d) upon the Administrator's approval, surrender of other Shares owned by the Optionee which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the exercised Options. 4. Termination. (a) General. In the event the Optionee s active service-providing relationship with the Company terminates for any reason (other than death, Early Retirement or Normal Retirement) whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws, Optionee s right to receive options under the Plan shall terminate as of the date of termination. The Committee shall have discretion to determine whether the Optionee has ceased actively providing services to the Company or Eligible Subsidiary, and the effective date on which such active service-providing relationship terminated. The Optionee s active service- providing relationship will not be extended by any notice period mandated under applicable law (e.g., shall not include a period of garden leave , paid administrative leave or similar period pursuant to applicable law) and in the event of the Optionee s termination (whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws), Optionee s right to exercise any Option after termination, if any, shall be measured by the date of termination of active service and shall not be extended by any notice period mandated under applicable law. Unless the Committee provides otherwise termination will include instances in which the Optionee is terminated and immediately hired as an independent contractor. (b) General Termination Rule. In the event the Optionee s active service-providing relationship with the Company terminates for any reason (other than death, Disability, Early Retirement, Normal Retirement or Gross Misconduct), whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws, the Optionee shall have a period of 90 days, commencing with the date the Optionee is no longer actively providing services to the Company, to exercise the vested portion of any outstanding Options, subject to the Expiration Date of the Option. However, if the exercise of an Option following Optionee s termination (to the extent such post-termination exercise is permitted under Section 11(a) of the Plan) is not covered by an effective registration statement on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, then the Option will terminate upon the later of (i) thirty (30) days after such exercise becomes covered by an effective registration statement, (ii) in the event that a sale of Shares would subject the Optionee to liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, thirty (30) days after the last date on which such sale would result in liability, or (iii) the end of the original post-termination exercise period, but in no event may the Option be exercised after the Expiration Date of the Option. 

4 (c) Death. In the event the Optionee s active service-providing relationship with the Company terminates by reason of the Optionee s death, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the Option, all unexpired Options may be exercised for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter (subject to the Expiration Date of the Option) by the personal representative of the Optionee s estate or any other person to whom the Option is transferred under a will or under the applicable laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, upon termination of the Optionee's active service-providing relationship with the Company by reason of the Optionee's death, if as of the date of death the Optionee also qualifies for Early Retirement or Normal Retirement as reflected below, the Optionee's estate shall be entitled to the most favorable terms of both applicable termination provisions. (d) Disability. In the event the Optionee s active service-providing relationship with the Company terminates by reason of the Optionee s Disability, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the Option, all unvested Options shall be automatically forfeited by the Optionee as of the date of termination and the Optionee shall have until the first anniversary of the termination of Optionee s active service-providing relationship for Disability (subject to the Expiration Date of the Option) to exercise the vested portion of any outstanding Options. (e) Retirement. In the event the Optionee s active service-providing relationship with the Company terminates as a result of Early Retirement or Normal Retirement, and the Date of Grant of the Option precedes the Optionee s Early Retirement or Normal Retirement date by at least six (6) months, the Optionee s Options shall remain outstanding and may be exercised until the Expiration Date of the Option. If the Date of Grant of the Option does not precede the Optionee s Early Retirement or Normal Retirement date by at least six (6) months, the Option shall be governed by the other provisions of this Section 4, as applicable. (f) Gross Misconduct. If the Optionee is terminated as an Eligible Director by reason of Gross Misconduct as determined by the Administrator, the Administrator in its sole discretion may provide that all, or any portion specified by the Administrator, of the Optionee s unexercised Options shall terminate and be forfeited immediately, without consideration. The Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Optionee s termination shall also be deemed to be a termination by reason of the Optionee s Gross Misconduct if, after the Optionee s active service-providing relationship has terminated, facts and circumstances are discovered or confirmed by the Company that would have justified a termination for Gross Misconduct. (g) Violation of Post-Termination Covenant. To the extent that any of the Optionee s Options remain outstanding under the terms of the Plan or this Agreement after termination of the Optionee s active service-providing relationship, such Options shall nevertheless expire as of the date the Optionee violates any covenant not to compete or similar covenant that exists between the Optionee on the one hand and the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, on the other hand. (h) Substantial Corporate Change. Upon a Substantial Corporate Change, the Optionee s outstanding Options will terminate unless provision is made in writing in connection with such transaction for the assumption or continuation of the Options, or the substitution for such Options of any options or grants covering the stock or securities of a successor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary of such successor, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares of stock and prices, in which event the Options will continue in the manner and under the terms so provided. 

5 5. Non-Transferability of Option; Term of Option. (a) Unless the Committee determines otherwise in advance in writing, the Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the applicable laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee and/or by the Optionee s duly appointed guardian. The terms of the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs and permitted successors and assigns of the Optionee. (b) Notwithstanding any other term in this Agreement, the Option may be exercised only prior to the Expiration Date set out in the Grant Notice, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Agreement. 6. Amendment of Option or Plan. The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Optionee with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Optionee expressly warrants that the Optionee is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. The Board may amend, modify or terminate the Plan or any Option in any respect at any time; provided, however, that modifications to this Agreement or the Plan that materially and adversely affect the Optionee s rights hereunder can be made only in an express written contract signed by the Company and the Optionee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Agreement and the Optionee s rights under outstanding Options as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Optionee, (1) upon a Substantial Corporate Change, (2) as required by law, or (3) to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection with this award of Options. 7. Tax Obligations. (a) Taxes. Regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to any or all federal, state, local or foreign income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax related items Tax Related Items ), the Optionee acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax Related Items associated with the Option is and remains the Optionee s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company and that the Company (i) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents; and (ii) does not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate the Optionee s liability for Tax Related Items. Further, if Optionee is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, Optionee acknowledges that the Company may be required to withhold or account for Tax- Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. (b) Code Section 409A. Payments made pursuant to the Plan and this Agreement are intended to qualify for an exemption from or comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan and/or this Agreement to ensure that all Options granted to the Optionees who are United States taxpayers are made in such a manner that either qualifies for exemption from or complies with Section 409A; provided, however, that the Company makes no representations that the Plan or the Options shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Plan or any Options granted thereunder. If this Agreement fails to meet the requirements of Section 409A, neither the Company nor any of its Eligible Subsidiaries shall have any liability for any tax, penalty or interest imposed on the 

6 Optionee by Section 409A, and the Optionee shall have no recourse against the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries for payment of any such tax, penalty or interest imposed by Section 409A. 8. Rights as Shareholder. Until all requirements for exercise of the Option pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan have been satisfied, the Optionee shall not be deemed to be a shareholder or to have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to any Shares. 9. No Right to Continue as Eligible Director. Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon the Optionee any right to continuation as an Eligible Director. 10. Board Authority. The Board and/or the Committee shall have the power to interpret this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of this Agreement as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether any Options have vested). All interpretations and determinations made by the Board and/or the Committee in good faith shall be final and binding upon the Optionee, the Company and all other interested persons and such determinations of the Board and/or the Committee do not have to be uniform nor do they have to consider whether optionees are similarly situated. 11. Headings. The captions used in this Agreement and the Plan are inserted for convenience and shall not be deemed to be a part of the Option for construction and interpretation. 12. Electronic Delivery. (a) If the Optionee executes this Agreement electronically, for the avoidance of doubt the Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Optionee s execution of this Agreement electronically (through an on-line system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company, or otherwise) shall have the same binding legal effect as would execution of this Agreement in paper form. The Optionee acknowledges that upon request of the Company the Optionee shall also provide an executed, paper form of this Agreement. (b) If the Optionee executes this Agreement in paper form, for the avoidance of doubt the parties acknowledge and agree that it is their intent that any agreement previously or subsequently entered into between the parties that is executed electronically shall have the same binding legal effect as if such agreement were executed in paper form. (c) If the Optionee executes this Agreement multiple times (for example, if the Optionee first executes this Agreement in electronic form and subsequently executes this Agreement in paper form), the Optionee acknowledges and agrees that (i) no matter how many versions of this Agreement are executed and in whatever medium, this Agreement only evidences a single grant of Options relating to the number of Shares set forth in the Grant Notice and (ii) this Agreement shall be effective as of the earliest execution of this Agreement by the parties, whether in paper form or electronically, and the subsequent execution of this Agreement in the same or a different medium shall in no way impair the binding legal effect of this Agreement as of the time of original execution. (d) The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver by electronic means any documents related to the Option, to participation in the Plan, or to future awards granted under the Plan, or otherwise required to be delivered to the Optionee pursuant to the Plan or under applicable law, including but not limited to, the Plan, this Agreement, the Plan prospectus and any reports of the Company generally provided to shareholders. Such means of electronic delivery may include, but do not necessarily include, the delivery of a link to the Company s intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of documents via electronic mail e-mail or such other 

7 means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. By executing this Agreement, the Optionee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery. At the Optionee s written request to the Secretary of the Company, the Company shall provide a paper copy of any document at no cost to the Optionee. 13. Data Privacy. The Company is located at 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., 20037, United States of America and grants Options under the Plan to employees and directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries in its sole discretion. In conjunction with the Company s grant of Options under the Plan and its ongoing administration of such awards, the Company is providing the following information about its data collection, processing and transfer practices Personal Data Activities ). In accepting the grant of the Option, the Optionee expressly and explicitly consents to the Personal Data Activities as described herein. (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage. The Company collects, processes and uses the Optionee s personal data, including the Optionee s name, home address, email address, and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance/passport number or other identification number (e.g. resident registration number), salary, citizenship, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Options or any other equity compensation awards granted, cancelled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in the Optionee s favor, which the Company receives from the Optionee or the Employer Personal Information ). In granting the Option under the Plan, the Company will collect the Optionee s Personal Information for purposes of allocating Shares and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for the collection, processing and usage of the Optionee's Personal Information is the Optionee s consent. (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider. The Company transfers the Optionee's Personal Information to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share the Optionee's Personal Information with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for the Optionee to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan. The Optionee will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition to the Optionee s ability to participate in the Plan. (c) International Data Transfers. The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States. The Optionee should note that the Optionee s country of residence may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from the United States. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of the Optionee's Personal Information to the United States is the Optionee s consent. (d) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal. The Optionee s participation in the Plan and the Optionee s grant of consent is purely voluntary. The Optionee may deny or withdraw the Optionee s consent at any time. If the Optionee does not consent, or if the Optionee later withdraws the Optionee s consent, the Optionee may be unable to participate in the Plan. This would not affect the Optionee s existing employment or salary; instead, the Optionee merely may forfeit the opportunities associated with the Plan. (e) Data Subject Rights. The Optionee may have a number of rights under the data privacy laws in the Optionee s country of residence. For example, the Optionee s rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of personal data the Company processes, (ii) request rectification of incorrect data, (iii) request deletion of data, (iv) place restrictions on processing, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Optionee s country of residence, and/or (vi) request 

8 a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Optionee's Personal Information. To receive clarification regarding the Optionee s rights or to exercise the Optionee s rights, the Optionee should contact the Company's human resources department. 14. Waiver of Right to Jury Trial. EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WAIVES ANY RIGHT OR EXPECTATION AGAINST THE OTHER TO TRIAL OR ADJUDICATION BY A JURY OF ANY CLAIM, CAUSE OR ACTION ARISING WITH RESPECT TO THE OPTION OR HEREUNDER, OR THE RIGHTS, DUTIES OR LIABILITIES CREATED HEREBY. 15. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 16. Governing Law and Venue. The laws of the State of Delaware (other than its choice of law provisions) shall govern this Agreement and its interpretation. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises with respect to this Option, this Agreement or the Plan, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware, and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of New Castle County, or the United States Federal court for the District of Delaware, and no other courts; and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning or arising from such dispute which is brought in any such court is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any claim under the Plan, this Agreement or any Option must be commenced by Optionee within twelve (12) months of the earliest date on which Optionee s claim first arises, or Optionee s cause of action accrues, or such claim will be deemed waived by Optionee. 17. Nature of Option. In accepting the Option, Optionee acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the award of the Option is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, benefits in lieu of options or other equity awards, even if options have been granted in the past; (c) all decisions with respect to future equity awards, if any, shall be at the sole discretion of the Company; (d) the Optionee s participation in the Plan is voluntary; (e) the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace or supplement any pension rights or compensation; (f) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty, and if the Shares do not increase in value, the Option will have no value; (g) if the Optionee exercises the Option and obtains Shares, the value of the Shares obtained upon exercise may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price; 

9 (h) in consideration of the award of the Option, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Option or diminution in value of the Option, or Shares purchased through the exercise of the Option, resulting from termination of the Optionee s continuous service by the Company or any Subsidiary (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws of the applicable jurisdiction) and in consideration of the grant of the Option, the Optionee irrevocably releases the Company and any Subsidiary from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by signing/electronically accepting this Agreement, Optionee shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived the Optionee s entitlement to pursue or seek remedy for any such claim; (i) the Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Optionee s participation in the Plan or Optionee s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares; (j) the Optionee should consult with Optionee s own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Optionee s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan; and (k) neither the Company nor any other Eligible Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Optionee s local currency and the U.S. Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to the Optionee pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise. 18. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 19. Waiver. The Optionee acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Optionee or any other participant. 20. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws. By accepting the Options, the Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee is bound by all the terms and conditions of any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Optionee further acknowledges that, depending on the Optionee s country, the Optionee may be or may become subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect the Optionee s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., Options) or rights linked to the value of Shares under the Plan during such times as the Optionee is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Optionee placed before the Optionee possessed inside information. Furthermore, the Optionee could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow employees and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Optionee acknowledges that it is the Optionee s personal responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and Optionee should speak to the Optionee s personal advisor on this matter. 21. Legal and Tax Compliance; Cooperation. If the Optionee resides or is employed outside of the United States, the Optionee agrees, as a condition of the grant of the Options, to repatriate all payments attributable to the Shares and/or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Options) if required 

10 by and in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Optionee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, the Optionee also agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries, as may be required to allow the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Optionee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, the Optionee agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Optionee's personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Optionee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 22. Private Offering. The grant of the Options is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Optionee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filing with the local securities authorities with respect to the grant of the Options (unless otherwise required under local law). No employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Optionee on whether the Optionee should purchase Shares under the Plan or provide the Optionee with any legal, tax or financial advice with respect to the grant of the Options. Investment in Shares involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to purchase Shares pursuant to the Options, the Optionee should carefully consider all risk factors and tax considerations relevant to the acquisition of Shares under the Plan or the disposition of them. Further, the Optionee should carefully review all of the materials related to the Options and the Plan, and the Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal legal, tax and financial advisors for professional advice in relation to the Optionee's personal circumstances. 23. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Requirements and Exchange Controls. The Optionee's country may have certain exchange control and/or foreign asset/account reporting requirements which may affect the Optionee's ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on Shares or sale proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Optionee's country. The Optionee may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Optionee s country. The Optionee may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Optionee s participation in the Plan to the Optionee s country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. The Optionee acknowledges that it is the Optionee s responsibility to comply with any applicable regulations, and that the Optionee should speak to the Optionee s personal advisor on this matter. 24. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Optionee s participation in the Plan, on the Option and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons and provided the imposition of the term or condition will not result in any adverse accounting expense to the Company, and to require the Optionee to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 25. Recoupment. The Options granted pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the terms of the Danaher Corporation Recoupment Policy in the form approved by the Committee from time to time (including any successor thereto, the Policy if and to the extent such Policy by its terms applies to the Options, and to the terms required by applicable law,; and the terms of the Policy and such applicable law are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. For purposes of the foregoing, the Optionee expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Optionee's behalf, to any brokerage firm and/or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold the Optionee's Shares and other amounts acquired pursuant to the Optionee's Options, to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and/or other amounts to the Company upon the Company's enforcement of the Policy. To the extent that this Agreement and the Policy conflict, the terms of the Policy shall prevail. 

11 26. Notices. The Company may, directly or through its third party stock plan administrator, endeavor to provide certain notices to the Optionee regarding certain events relating to awards that the Optionee may have received or may in the future receive under the Plan, such as notices reminding the Optionee of the vesting or expiration date of certain awards. The Optionee acknowledges and agrees that (1) the Company has no obligation (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to provide any such notices; (2) to the extent the Company does provide any such notices to the Optionee the Company does not thereby assume any obligation to provide any such notices or other notices; and (3) the Company, its Subsidiaries and the third party stock plan administrator have no liability for, and the Optionee has no right whatsoever (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to make any claim against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the third party stock plan administrator based on any allegations of, damages or harm suffered by the Optionee as a result of the Company s failure to provide any such notices or the Optionee s failure to receive any such notices. The Optionee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the Optionee s residence address. 27. Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan or this Agreement, no individual acting as a director, employee, or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will be liable to the Optionee or the Optionee s spouse, beneficiary, or any other person or entity for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan, nor will such individual be personally liable because of any contract or other instrument the Optionee executes in such other capacity. No member of the Board or of the Committee will be liable for any action or determination (including, but limited to, any decision not to act) made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Option. 28. Consent and Agreement With Respect to Plan. The Optionee (a) acknowledges that the Plan and the prospectus relating thereto are available to the Optionee on the website maintained by the Stock Plan Administrator; (b) represents that the Optionee has read and is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel of the Optionee s choice prior to executing this Agreement and fully understands all provisions of this Agreement and the Plan; (c) accepts this Option subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof; (d) consents and agrees to all amendments that have been made to the Plan since it was adopted in 2007 (and for the avoidance of doubt consents and agrees to each amended term reflected in the Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement), and consents and agrees that all options and restricted stock units, if any, held by the Optionee that were previously granted under the Plan as it has existed from time to time are now governed by the Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement (except to the extent the Committee has expressly provided that a particular Plan amendment does not apply retroactively); and (e) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. 

12 [If the Agreement is signed in paper form, complete and execute the following:] OPTIONEE DANAHER CORPORATION Signature Signature Print Name Print Name Title Residence Address Declaration of Data Privacy Consent. By providing the additional signature below, the undersigned explicitly declares the Optionee s consent to the data processing operations described in Section 13 of this Agreement. This includes, without limitation, the transfer of the Optionee's Personal Information to, and the processing of such data by, the Company or as the case may be, the Stock Plan Administrator in the United States. The undersigned may withdraw the Optionee s consent at any time, with future effect and for any or no reason as described in Section 13 of this Agreement. PARTICIPANT Signature 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 4
 ex105-rsuawardagreement.htm
 EX-10.5

ex105-rsuawardagreement 

Exhibit 10.5 DANAHER CORPORATION 2007 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (Non-Employee Directors) Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, As Amended and Restated (the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement ). I. NOTICE OF GRANT Name: Employee ID: The undersigned Participant has been granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows (each of the following capitalized terms are defined terms having the meaning indicated below): Date of Grant Number of Restricted Stock Units Vesting Schedule: Time-Based Vesting Criteria The time-based vesting criteria will be satisfied with respect to 100 of the shares underlying the RSUs on the earlier of (1) the first anniversary of the Date of Grant, or (2) the date of, and immediately prior to, the next annual meeting of shareholders of the Company following the Date of Grant. II. AGREEMENT 1. Grant of RSUs. Danaher Corporation (the Company hereby grants to the Participant named in this Grant Notice (the Participant ), an Award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs to acquire the number of shares of Common Stock (the Shares set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. 2. Vesting. (a) Vesting Schedule. Except as may otherwise be set forth in this Agreement or in the Plan, RSUs awarded to a Participant shall not vest until the Participant continues to be actively providing services to the Company for the periods required to satisfy the time-based vesting criteria Time-Based Vesting Criteria applicable to such RSUs. The Time-Based Vesting Criteria applicable to RSUs are referred to as Vesting Conditions, and the date upon which all Vesting Conditions are satisfied is referred to as the Vesting Date. The Vesting Conditions shall be established by the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors and reflected in the 

2 account maintained for the Participant by an external third party administrator of the RSUs. Further, during any approved leave of absence (and without limiting the application of any other rules governing leaves of absence that the Committee may approve from time to time pursuant to the Plan), to the extent permitted by applicable law the Committee shall have discretion to provide that the vesting of the RSUs shall be frozen as of the first day of the leave (or as of any subsequent day during such leave, as applicable) and shall not resume until and unless the Participant returns to active service. (b) Fractional RSU Vesting. In the event the Participant is vested in a fractional portion of an RSU (a Fractional Portion ), such Fractional Portion will be rounded up and converted into a whole Share and issued to the Participant; provided that to the extent rounding a fractional share up would result in the imposition of either (i) individual tax and penalty interest charges imposed under Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 409A ), or (ii) adverse tax consequences if the Participant is located outside of the United States, the fractional share will be rounded down without the payment of any consideration in respect of such fractional share. 3. Form and Timing of Payment; Conditions to Issuance of Shares. (a) Form and Timing of Payment. The Award of RSUs represents the right to receive a number of Shares equal to the number of RSUs that vest pursuant to the Vesting Conditions. Unless and until the RSUs have vested in the manner set forth in Sections 2 and 4, the Participant shall have no right to payment of any such RSUs. Prior to actual issuance of any Shares underlying the RSUs, such RSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. Subject to the other terms of the Plan and this Agreement, any RSUs that vest in accordance with Sections 2 and 4 will be paid to the Participant in whole Shares on the earlier of (i) the first day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service as an Eligible Director, or (ii) the Participant s date of death (or in each case the next business day thereafter if such date is not a business day). The Shares shall not be issued under the Plan unless the issuance and delivery of such Shares comply with (or are exempt from) all applicable requirements of law, including (without limitation) the Securities Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws and regulations, and the regulations of any stock exchange or other securities market on which the Company s securities may then be traded. The Committee may require the Participant to take any reasonable action in order to comply with any such rules or regulations. (b) Acknowledgment of Potential Securities Law Restrictions. Unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covers the Shares issued upon vesting of an RSU, the Committee may require that the Participant agree in writing to acquire such Shares for investment and not for public resale or distribution, unless and until the Shares subject to the RSUs are registered under the Securities Act. The Committee may also require the Participant to acknowledge that the Participant shall not sell or transfer such Shares except in compliance with all applicable laws, and may apply such other restrictions as it deems appropriate. The Participant acknowledges that the U.S. federal securities laws prohibit trading in the stock of the Company by persons who are in possession of material, non-public information, and also acknowledges and understands the other restrictions set forth in the Company s Insider Trading Policy. 4. Termination. (a) General. In the event the Participant s active service-providing relationship with the Company terminates (the date of any such termination is referred to as the Termination Date for any reason (other than death, Early Retirement or Normal Retirement) whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the RSUs, all RSUs that are unvested as of the 

3 Termination Date shall automatically terminate as of the Termination Date and the Participant s right to receive further RSUs under the Plan shall also terminate as of the Termination Date. The Committee shall have discretion to determine whether the Participant has ceased actively providing services to the Company, and the effective date on which such active service-providing relationship terminated. The Participant s active service-providing relationship will not be extended by any notice period mandated under applicable law (e.g. a period of garden leave , paid administrative leave or similar period pursuant to applicable law). Unless the Committee provides otherwise, termination will include instances in which the Participant is terminated and immediately rehired as an independent contractor. (b) Death. Upon Participant s death, any unvested RSUs shall vest. (c) Retirement. (i) Upon termination of Participant s active service-providing relationship with the Company by reason of the Participant s Early Retirement, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Committee either initially or subsequent to the grant of RSUs, the unvested portion of the RSUs held by the Participant for at least six (6) months prior to the Early Retirement date will continue to vest in accordance with Section 2. (ii) Upon termination of Participant s active service-providing relationship with the Company by reason of the Participant s Normal Retirement, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Committee either initially or subsequent to the grant of the RSUs, the unvested portion of the RSUs held by the Participant for at least six (6) months prior to the Normal Retirement date will continue to vest in accordance with Section 2. (d) Gross Misconduct. If the Participant is terminated as an Eligible Director by reason of Gross Misconduct as determined by the Administrator, the Administrator in its sole discretion may provide that all, or any portion specified by the Administrator, of the Participant s unvested RSUs shall automatically terminate as of the time of termination without consideration. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s termination shall also be deemed to be a termination by reason of the Participant s Gross Misconduct if, after the Participant s active service-providing relationship has terminated, facts and circumstances are discovered or confirmed by the Company that would have justified a termination for Gross Misconduct. (e) Violation of Post-Termination Covenant. To the extent that any of the Participant s RSUs remain outstanding under the terms of the Plan or this Agreement after the Termination Date, such RSUs shall expire as of the date the Participant violates any covenant not to compete or similar covenant that exists between the Participant on the one hand and the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, on the other hand. (f) Substantial Corporate Change. Upon a Substantial Corporate Change, the Participant s unvested RSUs will terminate unless provision is made in writing in connection with such transaction for the assumption or continuation of the RSUs, or the substitution for such RSUs of any options or grants covering the stock or securities of a successor employer corporation, or a parent or subsidiary of such successor, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares of stock and prices, in which event the RSUs will continue in the manner and under the terms so provided. 5. Non-Transferability of RSUs. Unless the Committee determines otherwise in advance in writing, RSUs may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the applicable laws of descent or distribution. The terms of the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs and permitted successors and assigns of the Participant. 

4 6. Amendment of RSUs or Plan. The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Participant expressly warrants that the Participant is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. The Board may amend, modify or terminate the Plan or the RSUs in any respect at any time; provided, however, that modifications to this Agreement or the Plan that materially and adversely affect the Participant s rights hereunder can be made only in an express written contract signed by the Company and the Participant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Agreement and Participant s rights under outstanding RSUs as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Participant, (1) upon a Substantial Corporate Change, (2) as required by law, or (3) to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection with the RSUs. 7. Tax Obligations. (a) Taxes. Regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to any or all federal, state, local or foreign income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax related items Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax- Related Items associated with the RSUs is and remains the Participant s responsibility and that the Company (i) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSUs, the delivery of the Shares, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents; and (ii) does not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. Further, if Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. (b) Code Section 409A. Payments made pursuant to this Plan and the Agreement are intended to qualify for an exemption from or comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement, the Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan and/or this Agreement to ensure that all RSUs granted to Participants who are United States taxpayers are made in such a manner that either qualifies for exemption from or complies with Section 409A; provided, however, that the Company makes no representations that the Plan or the RSUs shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Plan or any RSUs granted thereunder. If this Agreement fails to meet the requirements of Section 409A, neither the Company nor any of its Eligible Subsidiaries shall have any liability for any tax, penalty or interest imposed on the Participant by Section 409A, and the Participant shall have no recourse against the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries for payment of any such tax, penalty or interest imposed by Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, these provisions shall apply to any payments and benefits otherwise payable to or provided to the Participant under this Agreement. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment (as defined by Section 409A) made under this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment. In addition, for purposes of Section 409A, payments shall be deemed exempt from the definition of deferred compensation under Section 409A to the fullest extent possible under (i) the short-term deferral exemption of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4), and (ii) (with respect to amounts paid as separation pay no later than the second calendar year following the calendar year containing the Participant s separation from service (as defined for purposes of Section 409A)) the two years/two-times involuntary separation pay exemption of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), which are hereby incorporated by reference. 

5 For purposes of making a payment under this Agreement, if any amount is payable as a result of a Substantial Corporate Change, such event must also constitute a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. 8. Rights as Shareholder. Until all requirements for vesting of the RSUs pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan have been satisfied, the Participant shall not be deemed to be a shareholder of the Company, and shall have no dividend rights or voting rights with respect to the RSUs or any Shares underlying or issuable in respect of such RSUs until such Shares are actually issued to the Participant. 9. No Right to Continue as Eligible Director. Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continuation as an Eligible Director. 10. Board Authority. The Board and/or the Committee shall have the power to interpret this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Agreement as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether any RSUs have vested). All interpretations and determinations made by the Board and/or the Committee in good faith shall be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons and such determinations of the Board and/or the Committee do not have to be uniform nor do they have to consider whether Plan participants are similarly situated. 11. Headings. The captions used in this Agreement and the Plan are inserted for convenience and shall not be deemed to be a part of the RSUs for construction and interpretation. 12. Electronic Delivery. (a) If the Participant executes this Agreement electronically, for the avoidance of doubt the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s execution of this Agreement electronically (through an on-line system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company, or otherwise) shall have the same binding legal effect as would execution of this Agreement in paper form. The Participant acknowledges that upon request of the Company the Participant shall also provide an executed, paper form of this Agreement. (b) If the Participant executes this Agreement in paper form, for the avoidance of doubt the parties acknowledge and agree that it is their intent that any agreement previously or subsequently entered into between the parties that is executed electronically shall have the same binding legal effect as if such agreement were executed in paper form. (c) If Participant executes this Agreement multiple times (for example, if the Participant first executes this Agreement in electronic form and subsequently executes this Agreement in paper form), the Participant acknowledges and agrees that (i) no matter how many versions of this Agreement are executed and in whatever medium, this Agreement only evidences a single Award relating to the number of RSUs set forth in the Grant Notice and (ii) this Agreement shall be effective as of the earliest execution of this Agreement by the parties, whether in paper form or electronically, and the subsequent execution of this Agreement in the same or a different medium shall in no way impair the binding legal effect of this Agreement as of the time of original execution. (d) The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver by electronic means any documents related to the RSUs, to participation in the Plan, or to future awards granted under the Plan, or otherwise required to be delivered to the Participant pursuant to the Plan or under applicable law, 

6 including but not limited to, the Plan, this Agreement, the Plan prospectus and any reports of the Company generally provided to shareholders. Such means of electronic delivery may include, but do not necessarily include, the delivery of a link to the Company s intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of documents via electronic mail e-mail or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. By executing this Agreement, the Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery. At the Participant s written request to the Secretary of the Company, the Company shall provide a paper copy of any document at no cost to the Participant. 13. Data Privacy. The Company is located at 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., 20037, United States of America and grants RSUs under the Plan to employees and directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries in its sole discretion. In conjunction with the Company s grant of the RSUs under the Plan and its ongoing administration of such awards, the Company is providing the following information about its data collection, processing and transfer practices Personal Data Activities ). In accepting the grant of the RSUs, the Participant expressly and explicitly consents to the Personal Data Activities as described herein. (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage. The Company collects, processes and uses the Participant's Personal Information, including the Participant s name, home address, email address, and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance/passport number or other identification number (e.g. resident registration number), salary, citizenship, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of all RSUs or any other equity compensation awards granted, canceled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or the Employer Personal Information ). In granting the RSUs under the Plan, the Company will collect the Participant's Personal Information for purposes of allocating Shares and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for the collection, processing and usage of the Participant's Personal Information is the Participant s consent. (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider. The Company transfers the Participant's Personal Information to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share the Participant's Personal Information with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition to the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. (c) International Data Transfers. The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States. The Participant should note that the Participant s country of residence may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from the United States. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of the Participant's Personal Information to the United States is the Participant s consent. (d) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal. The Participant s participation in the Plan and the Participant s grant of consent is purely voluntary. The Participant may deny or withdraw the Participant s consent at any time. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later withdraws the Participant s consent, the Participant may be unable to participate in the Plan. This would not affect the Participant s existing employment or salary; instead, the Participant merely may forfeit the opportunities associated with the Plan. 

7 (e) Data Subjects Rights. The Participant may have a number of rights under the data privacy laws in the Participant s country of residence. For example, the Participant s rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of personal data the Company processes, (ii) request rectification of incorrect data, (iii) request deletion of data, (iv) place restrictions on processing, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s country of residence, and/or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Participant's Personal Information. To receive clarification regarding the Participant s rights or to exercise the Participant s rights, the Participant should contact the Company's human resources department. 14. Waiver of Right to Jury Trial. EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WAIVES ANY RIGHT OR EXPECTATION AGAINST THE OTHER TO TRIAL OR ADJUDICATION BY A JURY OF ANY CLAIM, CAUSE OR ACTION ARISING WITH RESPECT TO THE RSUS OR HEREUNDER, OR THE RIGHTS, DUTIES OR LIABILITIES CREATED HEREBY. 15. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 16. Governing Law and Venue. The laws of the State of Delaware (other than its choice of law provisions) shall govern this Agreement and its interpretation. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises with respect to the RSUs, this Agreement or the Plan, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware, and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of New Castle County, or the United States Federal court for the District of Delaware, and no other courts; and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning or arising from such dispute which is brought in any such court is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any claim under the Plan, this Agreement or RSUs must be commenced by the Participant within twelve (12) months of the earliest date on which the Participant s claim first arises, or the Participant s cause of action accrues, or such claim will be deemed waived by the Participant. 17. Nature of RSUs. In accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the award of RSUs is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of RSUs, benefits in lieu of RSUs or other equity awards, even if RSUs have been awarded repeatedly in the past; (c) all decisions with respect to future equity awards, if any, shall be at the sole discretion of the Company; (d) Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary; (e) the award of RSUs and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace or supplement any pension rights or compensation; (f) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty; 

8 (g) the value of the Shares acquired upon vesting/settlement of the RSUs may increase or decrease in value; (h) in consideration of the award of RSUs, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the RSUs or from any diminution in value of the RSUs or the Shares upon vesting of the RSUs resulting from termination of the Participant s continuous service with the Company or any Subsidiary (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws of the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any) and in consideration of the grant of the RSUs, the Participant agrees not to institute any claim against the Company or any Subsidiary; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by signing the Agreement/electronically accepting the Agreement, Participant shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived the Participant s entitlement to pursue or seek remedy for any such claim; (i) neither the Company, nor any other Eligible Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant's local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the RSUs or of any amounts due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon vesting; and (j) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the RSUs, the underlying Shares and the income from and value of same are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary or affiliate. 18. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 19. Waiver. Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other participant. 20. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws. By accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant is bound by all the terms and conditions of any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Participant further acknowledges that, depending on the Participant's country, the Participant may be or may become subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., RSUs) or rights linked to the value of Shares under the Plan during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow employees and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s personal responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Participant should speak to the Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 21. Legal and Tax Compliance; Cooperation. If the Participant resides or is employed outside of the United States, the Participant agrees, as a condition of the grant of the RSUs, to repatriate all payments attributable to the Shares and/or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, 

9 dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the RSUs) if required by and in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant 's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, the Participant also agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries, as may be required to allow the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant's personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant 's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 22. Private Offering. The grant of the RSUs is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filing with the local securities authorities with respect to the grant of the RSUs (unless otherwise required under local law). No employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant on whether the Participant should acquire Shares under the Plan or provide the Participant with any legal, tax or financial advice with respect to the grant of the RSUs. Investment in Shares involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to acquire Shares pursuant to the RSUs, the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors and tax considerations relevant to the acquisition of Shares under the Plan or the disposition of them. Further, the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to the RSUs and the Plan, and the Participant should consult with the Participant's personal legal, tax and financial advisors for professional advice in relation to the Participant's personal circumstances. 23. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Requirements and Exchange Controls. The Participant's country may have certain foreign asset/ account reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect the Participant's ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any dividends paid on Shares, sale proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant's country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets, or transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Participant's country. The Participant may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant's participation in the Plan to the Participant's country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant's responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and the Participant should consult the Participant s personal legal advisor for any details. 24. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant's participation in the Plan, on the RSUs and on any Shares subject to the RSUs, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons and provided the imposition of the term or condition will not result in any adverse accounting expense to the Company, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 25. Recoupment. The RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the terms of the Danaher Corporation Recoupment Policy in the form approved by the Committee from time to time (including any successor thereto, the Policy if and to the extent such Policy by its terms applies to the RSUs, and to the terms required by applicable law; and the terms of the Policy and such applicable law are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant's behalf, to any brokerage firm and/or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold the Participant's Shares and other amounts acquired pursuant to the Participant's RSUs, to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and/or other amounts to the Company upon the Company's enforcement 

10 of the Policy. To the extent that the Agreement and the Policy conflict, the terms of the Policy shall prevail. 26. Notices. The Company may, directly or through its third party stock plan administrator, endeavor to provide certain notices to the Participant regarding certain events relating to awards that the Participant may have received or may in the future receive under the Plan, such as notices reminding the Participant of the vesting or expiration date of certain awards. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that (1) the Company has no obligation (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to provide any such notices; (2) to the extent the Company does provide any such notices to the Participant the Company does not thereby assume any obligation to provide any such notices or other notices; and (3) the Company, its Subsidiaries and the third party stock plan administrator have no liability for, and the Participant has no right whatsoever (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to make any claim against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the third party stock plan administrator based on any allegations of, damages or harm suffered by the Participant as a result of the Company s failure to provide any such notices or the Participant s failure to receive any such notices. The Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the Participant s residence address. 27. Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan or this Agreement, no individual acting as a director, employee, or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will be liable to the Participant or the Participant s spouse, beneficiary, or any other person or entity for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan, nor will such individual be personally liable because of any contract or other instrument the Participant executes in such other capacity. No member of the Board or of the Committee will be liable for any action or determination (including, but limited to, any decision not to act) made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any RSUs. 28. Consent and Agreement With Respect to Plans. The Participant (a) acknowledges that the Plan and the prospectus relating thereto are available to the Participant on the website maintained by the Stock Plan Administrator; (b) represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel of the Participant s choice prior to executing this Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Agreement and the Plan; (c) accepts these RSUs subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof; (d) consents and agrees to all amendments that have been made to the Plan since it was adopted in 2007 (and for the avoidance of doubt consents and agrees to each amended term reflected in the Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement), and consents and agrees that all options and restricted stock units, if any, held by the Participant that were previously granted under the Plan as it has existed from time to time are now governed by the Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement (except to the extent the Committee has expressly provided that a particular Plan amendment does not apply retroactively); and (e) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. 

11 [If the Agreement is signed in paper form, complete and execute the following:] PARTICIPANT DANAHER CORPORATION Signature Signature Print Name Print Name Title Residence Address Declaration of Data Privacy Consent. By providing the additional signature below, the undersigned explicitly declares the Participant s consent to the data processing operations described in Section 13 of this Agreement. This includes, without limitation, the transfer of the Participant's Personal Information to, and the processing of such data by, the Company or as the case may be, the Stock Plan Administrator in the United States. The undersigned may withdraw the Participant s consent at any time, with future effect and for any or no reason as described in Section 13 of this Agreement. PARTICIPANT Signature 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 5
 ex106-nqagreement.htm
 EX-10.6

ex106-nqagreement 

Exhibit 10.6 1 DANAHER CORPORATION 2007 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, As Amended and Restated (the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement ). I. NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT Name: Employee ID: The undersigned Optionee has been granted Options to purchase Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows: Date of Grant Exercise Price per Share Total Number of Shares Granted Type of Option Nonstatutory Stock Option Expiration Date Tenth anniversary of Date of Grant Vesting Schedule: ____________________ 

2 II. AGREEMENT 1. Grant of Option. The Company hereby grants to the Optionee named in this Grant Notice (the Optionee ), an option (the Option or the Options as the case may be) to purchase the number of shares of Common Stock (the Shares set forth in the Grant Notice, at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Grant Notice (the Exercise Price ), and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. 2. Vesting. (a) Vesting Schedule. Except as may otherwise be set forth in this Agreement or in the Plan, Options awarded to the Optionee shall not vest until the Optionee continues to be actively employed with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary for the periods required to satisfy the time-based vesting criteria Time-Based Vesting Criteria applicable to such Options. The Time-Based Vesting Criteria applicable to an Option are referred to as Vesting Conditions, and the earliest date upon which all Vesting Conditions are satisfied is referred to as the Vesting Date. The Vesting Conditions for an Option received by the Optionee are established by the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (or by one or more members of Company management, if such power has been delegated in accordance with the Plan and applicable law) and reflected in the account maintained for the Optionee by an external third party administrator of the Options. Further, during any approved leave of absence (and without limiting the application of any other rules governing leaves of absence that the Committee may approve from time to time pursuant to the Plan), to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Committee shall have discretion to provide that the vesting of the Options shall be frozen as of the first day of the leave (or as of any subsequent day during such leave, as applicable) and shall not resume until and unless the Optionee returns to active employment prior to the Expiration Date of the Options. (b) Fractional Shares. The Company will not issue fractional Shares upon the exercise of an Option. Any fractional Share will be rounded up and issued to the Optionee in a whole Share; provided that to the extent rounding a fractional Share up would result in the imposition of either (i) individual tax and penalty interest charges imposed under Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 409A ), or (ii) adverse tax consequences if the Optionee is located outside of the United States, the fractional Share will be rounded down without the payment of any consideration in respect of such fractional Share. (c) Addenda. The provisions of Addendum A, Addendum B, Addendum C and Addendum D (collectively, the Addenda ), are incorporated by reference herein and made a part of this Agreement. To the extent any provision in the Addenda conflicts with any provision set forth elsewhere in this Agreement (including without limitation any provisions relating to Retirement), the provision set forth in the Addenda shall control. 3. Exercise of Option. (a) Right to Exercise. This Option shall be exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Grant Notice and with the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. (b) Method and Time of Exercise. This Option shall be exercisable by any method permitted by the Plan and this Agreement that is made available from time to time by the external third party administrator of the Options. An exercise may be made with respect to whole Shares only, and not for a fraction of a Share. Shares shall not be issued under the Plan unless the issuance and delivery of such 

3 Shares comply with (or are exempt from) all applicable requirements of law, including (without limitation) the Securities Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws and regulations, and the regulations of any stock exchange or other securities market on which the Company s securities may then be traded. The Committee may require the Optionee to take any reasonable action in order to comply with any such rules or regulations. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Shares shall be considered transferred to the Optionee on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Shares. (c) Acknowledgment of Potential Securities Law Restrictions. Unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covers the Shares issued upon exercise of an Option, the Committee may require that the Optionee agree in writing to acquire such Shares for investment and not for public resale or distribution, unless and until the Shares subject to the Options are registered under the Securities Act. The Committee may also require the Optionee to acknowledge that the Optionee shall not sell or transfer such Shares except in compliance with all applicable laws, and may apply such other restrictions as it deems appropriate. The Optionee acknowledges that the U.S. federal securities laws prohibit trading in the stock of the Company by persons who are in possession of material, non-public information, and also acknowledges and understands the other restrictions set forth in the Company s Insider Trading Policy. (d) Automatic Exercise Upon Expiration Date. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement (other than this Section), on the last trading day on which all or a portion of the outstanding Option may be exercised, if as of the close of trading on such day the then Fair Market Value of a Share exceeds the per share Exercise Price of the Option by at least .01 (such expiring portion of the Option that is so in-the-money, an Auto-Exercise Eligible Option ),the Optionee will be deemed to have automatically exercised such Auto-Exercise Eligible Option (to the extent it has not previously been exercised, forfeited or terminated) as of the close of trading in accordance with the provisions of this Section. In the event of an automatic exercise pursuant to this Section, the Company will reduce the number of Shares issued to the Optionee upon such automatic exercise of the Auto-Exercise Eligible Option in an amount necessary to satisfy (1) the Optionee s Exercise Price obligation for the Auto-Exercise Eligible Option, and (2) up to the maximum amount (or such other rate that will not cause adverse accounting consequences for the Company) of tax required to be withheld in the applicable jurisdiction(s), if any, arising upon the automatic exercise in accordance with the procedures of Section 6(f) of the Plan (unless the Committee deems that a different method of satisfying the tax withholding obligations is practicable and advisable), in each case based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the close of trading on the date of exercise. The Optionee may notify the Plan record-keeper in writing in advance that the Optionee does not wish for the Auto-Exercise Eligible Option to be exercised. This Section shall not apply to the Option to the extent that this Section causes the Option to fail to qualify for favorable tax treatment under applicable law. In its discretion, the Company may determine to cease automatically exercising Options at any time. 4. Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price shall be by any of the following methods (or a combination thereof): (a) cash, delivered to the external third party administrator of the Options in any methodology permitted by such third party administrator; (b) upon the Administrator's approval, through a reduction in the number of Shares issued to the Optionee upon the exercise of the Option with a value, based on their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise, equal to the aggregate Exercise Price; (c) through a broker-dealer sale and remittance procedure under which the exercise notice directs that the Shares issued upon the exercise be delivered, either in certificate form or in book entry form, to a licensed broker acceptable to the Company as the agent for the Optionee and at the time the Shares are 

4 delivered to the broker, either in certificate form or in book entry form, the broker will tender to the Company cash or cash equivalents acceptable to the Company and equal to the aggregate Exercise Price; or (d) upon the Administrator's approval, surrender of other Shares owned by the Optionee which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the exercised Options. 5. Termination. (a) General. In the event the Optionee s active employment or other active service- providing relationship with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates for any reason (other than death, Early Retirement or Normal Retirement) whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the Option, all unvested Options shall be automatically forfeited by the Optionee as of the date of termination and the Optionee s right to receive options under the Plan shall also terminate as of the date of termination. The Committee shall have discretion to determine whether the Optionee has ceased to be actively employed by (or, if the Optionee is a consultant or director, has ceased actively providing services to) the Company or Eligible Subsidiary, and the effective date on which such active employment (or active service-providing relationship) terminated. The Optionee s active employer-employee or other active service-providing relationship will not be extended by any notice period mandated under applicable law (e.g., active employment shall not include a period of garden leave , paid administrative leave or similar period pursuant to applicable law) and in the event of the Optionee s termination of employment (whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws), the Optionee s right to exercise any Option after termination of employment, if any, shall be measured by the date of termination of active employment or service and shall not be extended by any notice period mandated under applicable law. Unless the Committee provides otherwise (1) termination of the Optionee s employment will include instances in which the Optionee is terminated and immediately rehired as an independent contractor, and (2) the spin-off, sale, or disposition of the Optionee s employer from the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary (whether by transfer of shares, assets or otherwise) such that the Optionee s employer no longer constitutes an Eligible Subsidiary will constitute a termination of employment or service. (b) General Post-Termination Exercise Period. In the event the Optionee s employment (or other active service-providing relationship, as applicable) with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates for any reason (other than death, Disability, Early Retirement, Normal Retirement or Gross Misconduct), whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws, the Optionee shall have a period of 90 days, commencing with the date the Optionee is no longer actively employed (or is no longer actively providing services, as applicable), to exercise the vested portion of any outstanding Options, subject to the Expiration Date of the Option. However, if the exercise of an Option following the Optionee s termination of employment (to the extent such post-termination exercise is permitted under Section 11(a) of the Plan) is not covered by an effective registration statement on file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, then the Option will terminate upon the later of (i) thirty (30) days after such exercise becomes covered by an effective registration statement, (ii) in the event that a sale of Shares would subject the Optionee to liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, thirty (30) days after the last date on which such sale would result in liability, or (iii) the end of the original post-termination exercise period, but in no event may the Option be exercised after the Expiration Date of the Option. (c) Death. Upon the Optionee s death prior to termination of employment (or other active service-providing relationship, as applicable), unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the Option, all unexpired Options shall become fully exercisable and may be exercised for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter (subject 

5 to the Expiration Date of the Option) by the personal representative of the Optionee s estate or any other person to whom the Option is transferred under a will or under the applicable laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, upon termination of employment by reason of the Optionee's death, if as of the date of death the Optionee also qualifies for Early Retirement or Normal Retirement as reflected below, the Optionee's estate shall be entitled to the most favorable terms of both applicable termination provisions. (d) Disability. In the event the Optionee s employment (or other active service- providing relationship) with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates by reason of the Optionee s Disability, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the Option, all unvested Options shall be automatically forfeited by the Optionee as of the date of termination and the Optionee shall have until the first anniversary of the Optionee s termination of employment for Disability (subject to the Expiration Date of the Option) to exercise the vested portion of any outstanding Options. (e) Early Retirement. In the event the Optionee s employment (or other active service- providing relationship) with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates by reason of the Optionee s Early Retirement, and the Date of Grant of the Option precedes the Optionee s Early Retirement date by at least six (6) months, the unvested portion of the Options as of the Early Retirement date will continue to vest in accordance with Section 2 and such Options together with any Options that are vested as of the Optionee s Early Retirement date shall remain outstanding and (once vested) may be exercised until the fifth anniversary of the Early Retirement date (or if earlier, the Expiration Date of the Option). If the Date of Grant of the Option does not precede the Optionee s Early Retirement date by at least six (6) months, the Option shall be governed by the other provisions of this Section 5, as applicable. (f) Normal Retirement. In the event the Optionee s employment (or other active service-providing relationship) with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates by reason of the Optionee s Normal Retirement, and the Date of Grant of the Option precedes the Optionee s Normal Retirement date by at least six (6) months, the unvested portion of the Options will continue to vest in accordance with Section 2 and such Options together with any Options that are vested as of the Optionee s Normal Retirement date shall remain outstanding and (once vested) may be exercised until the Expiration Date of the Option. If the Date of Grant of the Option does not precede the Optionee s Normal Retirement date by at least six (6) months, the Option shall be governed by the other provisions of this Section 5, as applicable. (g) Gross Misconduct. If the Optionee s employment with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary is terminated for Gross Misconduct as determined by the Administrator, the Administrator in its sole discretion may provide that all, or any portion specified by the Administrator, of the Optionee s unexercised Options shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration. The Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Optionee s termination of employment shall also be deemed to be a termination of employment by reason of the Optionee s Gross Misconduct if, after the Optionee s employment has terminated, facts and circumstances are discovered or confirmed by the Company that would have justified a termination for Gross Misconduct. (h) Violation of Post Termination Covenant. To the extent that any of the Optionee s Options remain outstanding under the terms of the Plan or this Agreement after termination of the Optionee s employment or service-providing relationship, as applicable, with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary, such Options shall nevertheless expire as of the date the Optionee violates any covenant not to compete or other post termination covenant that exists between the Optionee on the one hand and the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, on the other hand. 

6 (i) Substantial Corporate Change. Upon a Substantial Corporate Change, the Optionee s outstanding Options will terminate unless provision is made in writing in connection with such transaction for the assumption or continuation of the Options, or the substitution for such Options of any options or grants covering the stock or securities of a successor employer corporation, or a parent or subsidiary of such successor, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares of stock and prices, in which event the Options will continue in the manner and under the terms so provided. 6. Non-Transferability of Option; Term of Option. (a) Unless the Committee determines otherwise in advance in writing, the Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the applicable laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee and/or by the Optionee's duly appointed guardian. The terms of the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs and permitted successors and assigns of the Optionee. (b) Notwithstanding any other term in this Agreement, the Option may be exercised only prior to the Expiration Date set out in the Grant Notice, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Agreement. 7. Amendment of Option or Plan. (a) The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Optionee with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Optionee expressly warrants that the Optionee is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. The Board may amend, modify or terminate the Plan or any Option in any respect at any time; provided, however, that modifications to this Agreement or the Plan that materially and adversely affect the Optionee s rights hereunder can be made only in an express written contract signed by the Company and the Optionee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Agreement and the Optionee s rights under outstanding Options as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Optionee, (1) upon a Substantial Corporate Change, (2) as required by law, or (3) to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection with this award of Options. (b) The Optionee acknowledges and agrees that if the Optionee changes classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee the Committee may in its sole discretion (1) reduce or eliminate the Optionee s unvested Options, and/or (2) extend any vesting schedule to one or more dates that occur on or before the Expiration Date. 8. Tax Obligations. (a) Withholding Taxes. Regardless of any action the Company or any Eligible Subsidiary employing the Optionee (the Employer takes with respect to any or all federal, state, local or foreign income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax related-items Tax Related-Items ), the Optionee acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax Related-Items associated with the Option is and remains the Optionee s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company and that the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Related-Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends; and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of 

7 the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate the Optionee s liability for Tax Related-Items. Further, if Optionee is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Optionee acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Related-Items in more than one jurisdiction. The Optionee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of an Option first becomes includible in the gross income of the Optionee for purposes of Tax Related-Items, pay to the Company and/or the Employer, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator (in its sole discretion) regarding payment of, all Tax Related-Items required by applicable law to be withheld by the Company and/or the Employer with respect to the Option. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be conditional on the making of such payments or arrangements, and the Company and/or the Employer shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, have the right to deduct any such Tax Related-Items from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Optionee. The Company shall have the right to require the Optionee to remit to the Company an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any applicable withholding requirements related thereto. With the approval of the Administrator, the Optionee may satisfy the foregoing requirement by either (i) electing to have the Company withhold from delivery of Shares or (ii) delivering already owned unrestricted Shares, in each case, having a value up to the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld in the applicable jurisdiction (or such other rate that will not cause adverse accounting consequences for the Company). Any such Shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date as of which the amount of Tax Related-Items to be withheld is determined. Such an election may be made with respect to all or any portion of the Shares to be delivered pursuant to the Option. The Company may also use any other method or combination of methods of obtaining the necessary payment or proceeds, as permitted by applicable law, to satisfy its withholding obligation with respect to any Option. If the obligation for Tax Related-Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, the Optionee shall be deemed to have been issued the full member of Shares issued upon exercise of the Options notwithstanding that a member of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax Related- Items. (b) Code Section 409A. Payments made pursuant to the Plan and this Agreement are intended to qualify for an exemption from or comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement, the Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan and/or this Agreement to ensure that all Options granted to the Optionees who are United States taxpayers are made in such a manner that either qualifies for exemption from or complies with Section 409A; provided, however, that the Company makes no representations that the Plan or the Options shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Plan or any Options granted thereunder. If this Agreement fails to meet the requirements of Section 409A, neither the Company nor any of its Eligible Subsidiaries shall have any liability for any tax, penalty or interest imposed on the Optionee by Section 409A, and the Optionee shall have no recourse against the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries for payment of any such tax, penalty or interest imposed by Section 409A. 9. Rights as Shareholder. Until all requirements for exercise of the Option pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan have been satisfied, the Optionee shall not be deemed to be a shareholder or to have any of the rights of a shareholder with respect to any Shares. 10. No Employment Contract. Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement constitutes an employment or service contract between the Company and the Optionee and this Agreement shall not confer upon the Optionee any right to continuation of employment or service with the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries, nor shall this Agreement interfere in any way with the Company s or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries right to terminate the Optionee s employment or service at any time, with or without cause 

8 (subject to any employment or service agreement the Optionee may otherwise have with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary thereof and/or applicable law). 11. Board Authority. The Board and/or the Committee shall have the power to interpret this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of this Agreement as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether any Options have vested). All interpretations and determinations made by the Board and/or the Committee in good faith shall be final and binding upon the Optionee, the Company and all other interested persons and such determinations of the Board and/or the Committee do not have to be uniform nor do they have to consider whether optionees are similarly situated. 12. Headings. The captions used in this Agreement and the Plan are inserted for convenience and shall not be deemed to be a part of the Option for construction and interpretation. 13. Electronic Delivery. (a) If the Optionee executes this Agreement electronically, for the avoidance of doubt, the Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Optionee's execution of this Agreement electronically (through an on-line system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company, or otherwise) shall have the same binding legal effect as would execution of this Agreement in paper form. The Optionee acknowledges that upon request of the Company the Optionee shall also provide an executed, paper form of this Agreement. (b) If the Optionee executes this Agreement in paper form, for the avoidance of doubt the parties acknowledge and agree that it is their intent that any agreement previously or subsequently entered into between the parties that is executed electronically shall have the same binding legal effect as if such agreement were executed in paper form. (c) If the Optionee executes this Agreement multiple times (for example, if the Optionee first executes this Agreement in electronic form and subsequently executes this Agreement in paper form), the Optionee acknowledges and agrees that (i) no matter how many versions of this Agreement are executed and in whatever medium, this Agreement only evidences a single grant of Options relating to the number of Shares set forth in the Grant Notice and (ii) this Agreement shall be effective as of the earliest execution of this Agreement by the parties, whether in paper form or electronically, and the subsequent execution of this Agreement in the same or a different medium shall in no way impair the binding legal effect of this Agreement as of the time of original execution. (d) The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver by electronic means any documents related to the Option, to participation in the Plan, or to future awards granted under the Plan, or otherwise required to be delivered to the Optionee pursuant to the Plan or under applicable law, including but not limited to, the Plan, this Agreement, the Plan prospectus and any reports of the Company generally provided to shareholders. Such means of electronic delivery may include, but do not necessarily include, the delivery of a link to the Company s intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of documents via electronic mail e-mail or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. By executing this Agreement, the Optionee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery. At the Optionee s written request to the Secretary of the Company, the Company shall provide a paper copy of any document at no cost to the Optionee. 14. Data Privacy. The Company is located at 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., 20037, United States of America and grants Options under the Plan to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries in its sole discretion. In conjunction with the Company s grant of 

9 Options under the Plan and its ongoing administration of such awards, the Company is providing the following information about its data collection, processing and transfer practices Personal Data Activities ). In accepting the grant of the Option, the Optionee expressly and explicitly consents to the Personal Data Activities as described herein. (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage. The Company collects, processes and uses the Optionee s personal data, including the Optionee s name, home address, email address, and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance/passport number or other identification number (e.g. resident registration number), salary, citizenship, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Options or any other equity compensation awards granted, cancelled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in the Optionee s favor, which the Company receives from the Optionee or the Employer Personal Information ). In granting the Option under the Plan, the Company will collect the Optionee s Personal Information for purposes of allocating Shares and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for the collection, processing and usage of the Optionee's Personal Information is the Optionee s consent. (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider. The Company transfers the Optionee's Personal Information to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share the Optionee's Personal Information with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for the Optionee to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan. The Optionee will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition to the Optionee s ability to participate in the Plan. (c) International Data Transfers. The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States. The Optionee should note that the Optionee s country of residence may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from the United States. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of the Optionee's Personal Information to the United States is the Optionee s consent. (d) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal. The Optionee s participation in the Plan and the Optionee's grant of consent is purely voluntary. The Optionee may deny or withdraw the Optionee's consent at any time. If the Optionee does not consent, or if the Optionee later withdraws the Optionee's consent, the Optionee may be unable to participate in the Plan. This would not affect the Optionee s existing employment or salary; instead, the Optionee merely may forfeit the opportunities associated with the Plan. (e) Data Subject Rights. The Optionee may have a number of rights under the data privacy laws in the Optionee s country of residence. For example, the Optionee s rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of personal data the Company processes, (ii) request rectification of incorrect data. (iii) request deletion of data, (iv) place restrictions on processing, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Optionee s country of residence, and/or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Optionee's Personal Information. To receive clarification regarding the Optionee s rights or to exercise the Optionee's rights, the Optionee should contact the Optionee's local human resources department. 15. Waiver of Right to Jury Trial. EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WAIVES ANY RIGHT OR EXPECTATION AGAINST THE OTHER TO TRIAL OR ADJUDICATION BY A JURY OF ANY CLAIM, CAUSE OR ACTION 

10 ARISING WITH RESPECT TO THE OPTION OR HEREUNDER, OR THE RIGHTS, DUTIES OR LIABILITIES CREATED HEREBY. 16. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 17. Governing Law and Venue. The laws of the State of Delaware (other than its choice of law provisions) shall govern this Agreement and its interpretation. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises with respect to this Option, this Agreement or the Plan, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware, and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of New Castle County, or the United States Federal court for the District of Delaware, and no other courts; and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning or arising from such dispute which is brought in any such court is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any claim under the Plan, this Agreement or any Option must be commenced by the Optionee within twelve (12) months of the earliest date on which Optionee s claim first arises, or the Optionee s cause of action accrues, or such claim will be deemed waived by the Optionee. 18. Nature of Option. In accepting the Option, Optionee acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the award of the Option is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, benefits in lieu of options or other equity awards, even if options have been granted in the past; (c) all decisions with respect to future equity awards, if any, shall be at the sole discretion of the Company; (d) the Optionee s participation in the Plan is voluntary; (e) the Option, and the income and value of same, is an extraordinary item that (i) does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or any Subsidiary, and (ii) is outside the scope of the Optionee s employment or service contract, if any; (f) the Option, and the income and value of same, is not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or any Subsidiary; (g) the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace or supplement any pension rights or compensation; (h) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Option, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service the Optionee may provide as a director of any Subsidiary; 

11 (i) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty; (j) if the Shares do not increase in value, the Option will have no value; (k) if the Optionee exercises the Option and obtains Shares, the value of the Shares obtained upon exercise may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price; (l) in consideration of the award of the Option, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Option or diminution in value of the Option, or Shares purchased through the exercise of the Option, resulting from termination of the Optionee s employment or continuous service with the Company or any Subsidiary (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of applicable labor laws of the jurisdiction where the Optionee is employed or the terms of the Optionee s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Options, the Optionee agrees not to institute any claim against the Company or any Subsidiary; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by signing/electronically accepting this Agreement, Optionee shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived the Optionee s entitlement to pursue or seek remedy for any such claim; and (m) neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Eligible Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Optionee s local currency and the U.S. Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to the Optionee pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon exercise. 19. Language. The Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee is proficient in the English language and understands the terms of this Agreement. If the Optionee has received the Plan, this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control, unless otherwise prescribed by applicable law. 20. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 21. Waiver. The Optionee acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Optionee or any other participant. 22. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws. By accepting the Options, the Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee is bound by all the terms and conditions of any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Optionee further acknowledges that, depending on the Optionee s country, the Optionee may be or may become subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect the Optionee s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., Options) or rights linked to the value of Shares under the Plan during such times as the Optionee is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Optionee placed before the Optionee possessed inside information. Furthermore, the Optionee could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow employees and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The 

12 Optionee acknowledges that it is the Optionee s personal responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Optionee should speak to the Optionee's personal advisor on this matter. 23. Legal and Tax Compliance; Cooperation. If the Optionee resides or is employed outside of the United States, the Optionee agrees, as a condition of the grant of the Options, to repatriate all payments attributable to the Shares and/or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Options) if required by and in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Optionee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, the Optionee also agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries, as may be required to allow the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Optionee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, the Optionee agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Optionee's personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Optionee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 24. Private Offering. The grant of the Options is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Optionee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filing with the local securities authorities with respect to the grant of the Options (unless otherwise required under local law). No employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Optionee on whether the Optionee should purchase Shares under the Plan or provide the Optionee with any legal, tax or financial advice with respect to the grant of the Options. Investment in Shares involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to purchase Shares pursuant to the Options, the Optionee should carefully consider all risk factors and tax considerations relevant to the acquisition of Shares under the Plan or the disposition of them. Further, the Optionee should carefully review all of the materials related to the Options and the Plan, and the Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal legal, tax and financial advisors for professional advice in relation to the Optionee's personal circumstances. 25. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Requirements and Exchange Controls. The Optionee's country may have certain exchange control and/or foreign asset/account reporting requirements which may affect the Optionee's ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on Shares or sale proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Optionee's country. The Optionee may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Optionee's country. The Optionee may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Optionee s participation in the Plan to the Optionee s country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. The Optionee acknowledges that it is the Optionee's responsibility to comply with any applicable regulations, and that the Optionee should speak to the Optionee's personal advisor on this matter. 26. Country-Specific Provisions. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement, the Option and any Shares acquired under the Plan shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Optionee s country of employment and country of residence, if different, as set forth in any Addenda. Moreover, if the Optionee relocates to one of the countries included in any of the Addenda, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Optionee, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons and provided the imposition of the term or condition will not result in any adverse accounting expense with respect to the Option (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Optionee s transfer). The Addenda constitute part of the Agreement. 

13 27. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Optionee s participation in the Plan, on the Option and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons and provided the imposition of the term or condition will not result in any adverse accounting expense to the Company, and to require the Optionee to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 28. Recoupment. The Options granted pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the terms of the Danaher Corporation Recoupment Policy in the form approved by the Committee from time to time (including any successor thereto, the Policy if and to the extent such Policy by its terms applies to the Options, and to the terms required by applicable law; and the terms of the Policy and such applicable law are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. For purposes of the foregoing, the Optionee expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Optionee's behalf, to any brokerage firm and/or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold the Optionee's Shares and other amounts acquired pursuant to the Optionee's Options, to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and/or other amounts to the Company upon the Company's enforcement of the Policy. To the extent that the Agreement and the Policy conflict, the terms of the Policy shall prevail. 29. Notices. The Company may, directly or through its third party stock plan administrator, endeavor to provide certain notices to the Optionee regarding certain events relating to awards that the Optionee may have received or may in the future receive under the Plan, such as notices reminding the Optionee of the vesting or expiration date of certain awards. The Optionee acknowledges and agrees that (1) the Company has no obligation (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to provide any such notices; (2) to the extent the Company does provide any such notices to the Optionee the Company does not thereby assume any obligation to provide any such notices or other notices; and (3) the Company, its Subsidiaries and the third party stock plan administrator have no liability for, and the Optionee has no right whatsoever (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to make any claim against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the third party stock plan administrator based on any allegations of, damages or harm suffered by the Optionee as a result of the Company s failure to provide any such notices or the Optionee s failure to receive any such notices. The Optionee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the Optionee's residence address. 30. Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan or this Agreement, no individual acting as a director, employee, or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will be liable to the Optionee or the Optionee s spouse, beneficiary, or any other person or entity for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan, nor will such individual be personally liable because of any contract or other instrument the Optionee executes in such other capacity. No member of the Board or of the Committee will be liable for any action or determination (including, but limited to, any decision not to act) made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Option. 31. Consent and Agreement With Respect to Plan. The Optionee (a) acknowledges that the Plan and the prospectus relating thereto are available to the Optionee on the website maintained by the Stock Plan Administrator; (b) represents that the Optionee has read and is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel of the Optionee's choice prior to executing this Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Agreement and the Plan; (c) accepts this Option subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof; (d) consents and agrees to all amendments that have been made to the Plan since it was adopted in 2007 (and for the avoidance of doubt consents and agrees to each amended term reflected in the Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement), and consents and agrees that all options and restricted stock units, if any, held by the Optionee that were previously granted under the Plan as it has existed from time to time are now governed by the Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement (except to the extent the 

14 Committee has expressly provided that a particular Plan amendment does not apply retroactively); and (e) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. 

15 [If the Agreement is signed in paper form, complete and execute the following:] OPTIONEE DANAHER CORPORATION Signature Signature Print Name Print Name Title Residence Address Declaration of Data Privacy Consent. By providing the additional signature below, the Optionee explicitly declares the Optionee's consent to the data processing operations described in Section 14 of this Agreement. This includes, without limitation, the transfer of the Optionee's Personal Information to, and the processing of such data by, the Company, the Employer or, as the vase may be, the Stock Plan Administrator in the United States. The undersigned may withdraw the Optionee's consent at any time, with future effect and for any or no reason as described in Section 14 of this Agreement. OPTIONEE Signature 

16 ADDENDUM A This Addendum A includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Option granted to the Optionee if the Optionee resides and/or works in one of the countries listed herein. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Grant Notice, the Agreement or the Plan. This Addendum A also includes information regarding securities, exchange control, tax and certain other issues of which the Optionee should be aware with respect to the Optionee s participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, tax and other laws in effect as of December 2022. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that the Optionee not rely on the information contained herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of the Optionee s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Optionee exercises the Option or sells Shares acquired under the Plan. In addition, this Addendum A is general in nature and may not apply to the Optionee s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure the Optionee of any particular result. Accordingly, the Optionee should to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Optionee s country apply to the Optionee s specific situation. If the Optionee is a citizen or resident (or is considered as such for local tax purposes) of a country other than the one in which the Optionee is currently working and/or residing, or if the Optionee transfers employment and/or residency to another country after the grant of the Option, the information contained herein may not be applicable to the Optionee in the same manner. BRAZIL / EUROPEAN UNION EU / EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA / SWITZERLAND / THE UNITED KINGDOM Data Privacy If the Optionee resides and/or is employed in Brazil, the EU / EEA, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, the following provision replaces Section 14 of the Agreement: The Company is located at 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., 20037, United States of America and grants Options under the Plan to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries in its sole discretion. The Optionee should review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage. Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, the Optionee is hereby notified that the Company collects, processes, and uses certain personally-identifiable information about the Optionee; specifically, including the Optionee s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance/passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, citizenship, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Options or any other equity compensation awards granted, cancelled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in the Optionee s favor, which the Company receives from the Optionee or the Employer Personal Information ). In granting the Options under the Plan, the Company will collect the Optionee s Personal Information for purposes of allocating Shares and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for collecting, processing and using the Optionee s Personal Information will be the Company's legitimate interest of managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards, the Company's necessity to execute its contractual obligations under the Agreement and to comply with its legal obligations. The Optionee s refusal to 

17 provide Personal Information may affect the Optionee s ability to participate in the Plan. As such, by participating in the Plan, the Optionee voluntarily acknowledges the collection, processing and use, of the Optionee's Personal Information as described herein. (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider. The Company transfers Optionee's Personal Information to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share the Optionee's Personal Information with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for the Optionee to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan. The Optionee will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition to the Optionee s ability to participate in the Plan. (c) International Data Transfers. The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States. The Company can only meet its contractual obligations to the Optionee if the Optionee s Personal Information is transferred to the United States. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of the Optionee's Personal Information to the United States is to satisfy its contractual obligations under the terms of the Agreement and/or its use of the standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission. (d) Data Retention. The Company will use the Optionee s Personal Information only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Optionee s participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and securities laws. When the Company no longer needs the Optionee s Personal Information, the Company will remove it from its systems. If the Company keeps the Optionee s Personal Information longer, it would be to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be for compliance with relevant laws or regulations. (e) Data Subjects Rights. The Optionee may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in the Optionee s country of residence (and country of employment, if different). For example, the Optionee s rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of Personal Information the Company processes pursuant to the Agreement, (ii) request rectification of incorrect Personal Information, (iii) request deletion of Personal Information, (iv) request restrictions on processing of Personal Information, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Optionee s country of residence (and country of employment, if different), and/or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Optionee s Personal Information. To receive clarification regarding the Optionee s rights or to exercise the Optionee's rights, the Optionee should contact the Optionee's local human resources department. 

18 ARGENTINA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Method of Exercise The Optionee acknowledges that due to existing foreign currency exchange restrictions in Argentina, and notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the Plan or the Agreement to the contrary, if the Optionee resides in Argentina, the Optionee will be restricted to the cashless sell-all method of exercise with respect to the Options. To complete a cashless sell-all exercise, the Optionee understands that the Optionee needs to instruct the broker to: (i) sell all of the purchased Shares issued upon exercise; (ii) use the proceeds to pay the Exercise Price, brokerage fees and any applicable Tax Related-Items; and (iii) remit the balance in cash to the Optionee. In the event of changes in existing foreign currency exchange restrictions, the Company reserves the right to eliminate the cashless sell-all method of exercise requirement and, in its sole discretion, to permit cash exercises, cashless sell-to-cover exercises or any other method of exercise and payment deemed appropriate by the Company. Labor Law Acknowledgement The following provision supplements Section 18 of the Agreement: In accepting the Option, the Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the grant of the Options is made by the Company (not the Employer) in its sole discretion and that the value of the Options or any Shares acquired under the Plan shall not constitute salary or wages for any purpose under Argentine labor law, including, but not limited to, the calculation of (i) any labor benefits including, without limitation, vacation pay, thirteenth salary, compensation in lieu of notice, annual bonus, disability, and leave of absence payments, etc., or (ii) any termination or severance indemnities or similar payments. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any benefits under the Plan are considered as salary or wages for any purpose under Argentine labor law, the Optionee acknowledges and agrees that such benefits shall not accrue more frequently than on the relevant Exercise Date(s). NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The Optionee understands that neither the grant of the Option nor the purchase of Shares constitute a public offering as defined by the Law N 17,811, or any other Argentine law. The offering of the Option is a private placement and the underlying Shares are not listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. As such, the offering is not subject to the supervision of any Argentine governmental authority. Exchange Control Notice Exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to frequent change. The Optionee is solely responsible for complying with any and all Argentine currency exchange restrictions, approvals and reporting requirements in connection with the exercise of the Options, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at exercise and the receipt of any dividends paid on such Shares. The Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations Optionee may have in connection with the Optionee's participation in the Plan. 

19 Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information If the Optionee holds the Shares as of December 31 of any year, the Optionee is required to report the holding of the Shares on the Optionee's personal tax return for the relevant year. The Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal tax advisor to determine the Optionee's personal reporting obligations. AUSTRALIA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Australian ESS Offer Document The Optionee understands that the offering of the Plan in Australia is being made under Division 1A of Part 7.12 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). Please note that if the Optionee offers Shares for sale to a person or entity resident in Australia, the offer may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law. The Optionee should obtain legal advice on the Optionee s disclosure obligations prior to making any such offer. Participation in the Plan is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Australian Offer Document, (which is attached hereto as Addendum B), the Plan and the Agreement provided to the Optionee. Options Conditioned on Satisfaction of Regulatory Obligations If the Optionee is (a) a director of a Subsidiary incorporated in Australia, or (b) a person who is a management-level executive of a Subsidiary incorporated in Australia and who also is a director of a Subsidiary incorporated outside of Australia, the grant of the Option is conditioned upon satisfaction of the shareholder approval provisions of section 200B of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in Australia. Termination Sections 5(e) and (f) of the Agreement, (Early Retirement and Normal Retirement, respectively), shall not apply to any Optionee who as of the Date of Grant is on permanent, non-temporary assignment in Australia. Instead, the provisions of Section 5(a) (General), shall apply, notwithstanding the provisions therein regarding Early Retirement and Normal Retirement to the contrary. NOTIFICATIONS Tax Information The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to the conditions in that Act). Securities Law Notice If the Optionee acquires Shares under the Plan and subsequently offers such Shares for sale to a person or entity resident in Australia, such offer may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law. The Optionee should obtain legal advice regarding any applicable disclosure requirements prior to making any such offer. Exchange Control Notice Exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding A 10,000 and international fund transfers of any amount. The Australian bank assisting with the transaction will file the report for the 

20 Optionee. If there is no Australian bank involved in the transfer, the Optionee will be responsible for filing the report. AUSTRIA NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice If the Optionee holds securities (including Shares acquired under the Plan) or cash (including proceeds from the sale of Shares) outside Austria, the Optionee will be required to report certain information to the Austrian National Bank if certain thresholds are exceeded. Specifically, if the Optionee holds securities outside Austria, reporting requirements will apply if the value of such securities meets or exceeds 5,000,000 as of the end of any calendar quarter. Further, if the Optionee holds cash in accounts outside Austria, monthly reporting requirements will apply if the aggregate transaction volume of such cash accounts meets or exceeds 10,000,000. These thresholds may be subject to change. The Optionee should consult with the Optionee s personal advisor(s) regarding any personal legal, regulatory or foreign exchange obligations the Participant may have in connection with the Optionee s participation in the Plan. BELGIUM TERMS AND CONDITIONS Terms and Conditions Options granted to the Optionee in Belgium shall not be accepted by the Optionee earlier than the 61st day following the Offer Date. The Offer Date is the date on which the Company notifies the Optionee of the material terms and conditions of the Option grant. Any acceptance given by the Optionee before the 61st day following the grant date shall be null and void. NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Optionee is required to report any securities (e.g., Shares acquired under the Plan) or bank accounts (including brokerage accounts) opened and maintained outside of Belgium on the Optionee's annual tax return. The Optionee will also be required to complete a separate report, providing the National Bank of Belgium with details regarding any such account (including the account number, the name of the bank in which such account is held and the country in which such account is located). This report, as well as additional information on how to complete it, can be found on the website of the National Bank of Belgium, www.nbb.be, under Kredietcentrales / Centrales des cr dits caption. Stock Exchange Tax Information A stock exchange tax applies to transactions executed by a Belgian resident through a non-Belgian financial intermediary, such as a U.S. broker. The stock exchange tax will apply when Shares acquired pursuant to the Option are sold. The Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal tax or financial advisor for additional details on the Optionee s obligations with respect to the stock exchange tax. 

21 Annual Securities Account Tax An annual securities accounts tax may be payable if the total value of securities held in a Belgian or foreign securities account (e.g., Shares acquired under the Plan) exceeds a certain threshold on four reference dates within the relevant reporting period (i.e., December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30). In such case, the tax will be due on the value of the qualifying securities held in such account. The Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal tax or financial advisor for additional details on the Optionee s obligations with respect to the annual securities account tax. BRAZIL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgment The following provision supplements Section 18 of the Agreement: By accepting the Option, the Optionee agrees that the Optionee is (i) making an investment decision, (ii) that the Option will be exercisable by the Optionee only if the Vesting Conditions are met and any necessary services are rendered by the Optionee during the vesting period set forth in the Vesting Schedule, and (iii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the vesting period without compensation to the Optionee. Compliance with Law By accepting the Option, the Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee agrees to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the exercise of the Option, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan. NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information If the Optionee is a resident or domiciled in Brazil, the Optionee may be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil. If the aggregate value of such assets and/or rights is US 1,000,000 or more but less than US 100,000,000, a declaration must be submitted annually. If the aggregate value exceeds US 100,000,000, a declaration must be submitted quarterly. Tax on Financial Transaction (IOF) Repatriation of funds (e.g., the proceeds from the sale of Shares) into Brazil and the conversion of USD into BRL associated with such fund transfers may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is the Optionee's responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from the Optionee's participation in the Plan. The Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal tax advisor for additional details. 

22 CANADA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Non-Qualified Securities. All or a portion of the Shares subject to the Option may be non-qualified securities within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada). The Company shall provide the Optionee with additional information and/or appropriate notification regarding the characterization of the Option for Canadian income tax purposes as may be required by the Income Tax Act (Canada) and the regulations thereunder. Method of Payment and Tax Obligations The following provision supplements Sections 4 and 8(a) of the Agreement: Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or in the Agreement, without the Company s consent, the Optionee is not permitted to pay the Exercise Price by the method set forth in Section 4(c), nor is the Optionee permitted to pay for any Tax Related-Items by the delivery of (i) unencumbered Shares, or (ii) withholding in Shares otherwise issuable to the Optionee upon exercise, as set forth in Section 8(a). Forfeiture Upon Termination of Employment The following provision replaces Section 5(a) of the Agreement: Until exercised, the Options shall be subject to forfeiture in the event of the termination of the Optionee's employment, where termination of employment means the date on which the Optionee is no longer actively providing services to the Company (including, for this purpose, all Eligible Subsidiaries) for any reason, whether such termination is occasioned by the Optionee; by the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries, with or without cause, and whether or not later found to be invalid or unlawful; by mutual agreement or by operation of law Termination of Employment ). For the avoidance of doubt, unless explicitly required by applicable legislation, the date on which any Termination of Employment occurs shall not be extended by any notice period or period for which pay in lieu of notice or related damages or payments are provided or mandated under local law (including, but not limited to, statute, contract, regulatory law and/or common or civil law), and the Optionee shall have no right to full or pro-rated vesting or compensation for lost vesting related to such periods. For greater clarity, the date on which Termination of Employment occurs shall not be extended by any period of garden leave , paid administrative leave or similar period under local law. The Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Optionee ceased to actively provide services to the Employer for the purposes of this Option (including, subject to statutory protections, whether the Optionee may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence). Unless the Committee provides otherwise (1) Termination of Employment shall include instances in which the Optionee is terminated and immediately rehired as an independent contractor, and (2) the spin-off, sale, or disposition of the Employer from the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary (whether by transfer of shares, assets or otherwise) such that the Employer no longer constitutes an Eligible Subsidiary shall constitute a Termination of Employment. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, applicable employment legislation explicitly requires continued vesting during a statutory notice period, the Optionee s right to vest in the Option, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of the minimum statutory notice period, but the Optionee will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the Optionee s statutory notice period, nor will the Optionee be entitled to any compensation for the lost vesting. 

23 Sections 5(b) through 5(h) of the Agreement shall continue to apply to the Optionee; provided, however, that any reference to termination of employment, termination of an active service-providing relationship, no longer actively employed (or is no longer actively providing services, as applicable) or similar language shall be interpreted to mean Termination of Employment as defined in this Addendum A. The following two provisions apply if the Optionee is a resident of Quebec: Language. A French translation of this Agreement, the Plan and certain other documents related to the offer will be made available to the Optionee as soon as reasonably practicable following the Optionee's written request. Notwithstanding the Language provision included in Section 19 of the Agreement, to the extent required by applicable law and unless the Optionee indicates otherwise, the French translation of such documents will govern the Optionee s participation in the Plan. Langue. Une traduction fran aise du pr sent Contrat, du Plan et de certains autres documents li s l offre sera mise la disposition du B n ficiaire d s que cela sera raisonnablement possible apr s la demande crite du titulaire de l'option. Nonobstant la disposition reprise ci-dessus dans la Section 19 du Contrat relative la Langue, dans la mesure o la loi applicable l'exige et moins que le B n ficiaire n'indique le contraire, la traduction fran aise de ces documents r gira la participation au Plan du B n ficiaire. Data Privacy The provision supplements Section 14 of the Agreement: The Optionee hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Optionee s awards under the Plan. The Optionee further authorizes the Company, its Subsidiaries and the Stock Plan Administrator to disclose and discuss the Optionee s participation in the Plan with their respective advisors. The Optionee further authorizes the Company and its Subsidiaries to record such information and to keep such information in the Optionee's employee file. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The Optionee is permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any (or any other broker acceptable to the Company), provided the resale of Shares acquired under the Plan takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed. The Shares are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information Specified foreign property, including Options, Shares acquired under the Plan, and other rights to receive shares of a non-Canadian company held by a Canadian resident must generally be reported annually on a Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. Thus, Options must be reported generally at a nil cost if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because the Optionee holds other specified foreign property. When Shares are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the Shares. The ACB would ordinarily equal the fair market value of the Shares at the time of acquisition, but if the Optionee owns other shares of the Company, this ACB may need to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares. The Optionee should consult the Optionee's personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 

24 CHILE NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The grant of the Options hereunder is not intended to be a public offering of securities in Chile but instead is intended to be a private placement. a) The starting date of the offer will be the Date of Grant (as defined in the Agreement), and this offer conforms to General Ruling No. 336 of the Chilean Commission of the Financial Market CMF b) The offer deals with securities not registered in the Registry of Securities or in the Registry of Foreign Securities of the CMF, and therefore such securities are not subject to its oversight; c) The issuer is not obligated to provide public information in Chile regarding the foreign securities, as such securities are not registered with the CMF; and d) The foreign securities shall not be subject to public offering as long as they are not registered with the corresponding registry of securities in Chile. a) La fecha de inicio de la oferta ser el de la fecha de otorgamiento (o Date of Grant , seg n este t rmino se define en el documento denominado Agreement y esta oferta se acoge a la norma de Car cter General N 336 de la Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero de Chile CMF b) La oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores o en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros que lleva la CMF, por lo que tales valores no est n sujetos a la fiscalizaci n de sta; c) Por tratar de valores no inscritos en la CMF no existe la obligaci n por parte del emisor de entregar en Chile informaci n p blica respecto de esos valores; y d) Esos valores no podr n ser objeto de oferta p blica mientras no sean inscritos en el registro de valores correspondiente. Exchange Control Notice If the Optionee is a resident of Chile, the Optionee is not required to repatriate any proceeds obtained from the sale of Shares or the receipt of dividends to Chile. However, if the Optionee is a resident of Chile and decides to repatriate proceeds from the sale of Shares or the receipt of dividends and the amount of the proceeds to be repatriated exceeds US 10,000, the Optionee must effect such repatriation through the Formal Exchange Market. It is unnecessary to convert any repatriated funds into Chilean currency. Please note that exchange control regulations in Chile are subject to change. The Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that the Optionee may have prior to the exercise of the Option. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Chilean Internal Revenue Service CIRS requires all taxpayers to provide information annually regarding: (i) any taxes paid abroad which they will use as a credit against Chilean income taxes, and (ii) the results of foreign investments. These annual reporting obligations must be complied with by submitting a sworn statement setting forth this information before July 1 of each year. The sworn statement disclosing 

25 this information (or Formularios) must be submitted electronically through the CIRS website, www.sii.cl, using Form 1929. CHINA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Exchange Control Restrictions Applicable to Optionees who are PRC Nationals If the Optionee is a local national of the People s Republic of China PRC ), the Optionee understands that, except as otherwise provided herein, the Optionee's Options can be exercised only by means of the cashless sell-all method, under which all Shares underlying the Options are immediately sold upon exercise. In addition, the Optionee understands and agrees that, pursuant to local exchange control requirements, the Optionee is required to repatriate the cash proceeds from the cashless sell-all method of exercise of the Options (i.e., the sale proceeds less the Exercise Price and any administrative fees). The Optionee agrees that the Company is authorized to instruct its designated broker to assist with the immediate sale of such Shares (on the Optionee s behalf pursuant to this authorization), and the Optionee expressly authorizes such designated broker to complete the sale of such Shares. If the Company changes its designated brokerage firm, the Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Company may transfer any Shares issued under the Plan to the new designated brokerage firm, if necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Optionee agrees to sign any documentation necessary to facilitate the transfer of Shares. Further, the Optionee acknowledges that the Company s broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of Shares at any particular price. The Company reserves the right to provide additional methods of exercise depending on the development of local law. In addition, the Optionee understands and agrees that the cash proceeds from the exercise of the Optionee's Options, (i.e., the proceeds of the sale of the Shares underlying the Options, less the Exercise Price and any administrative fees) will be repatriated to China. The Optionee further understands that, under local law, such repatriation of the cash proceeds may be effectuated through a special foreign exchange control account to be approved by the local foreign exchange administration, and the Optionee hereby consents and agrees that the proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan, net of the Exercise Price and administrative fees, may be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered to the Optionee. The proceeds, net of Tax Related-Items, may be paid to the Optionee in U.S. Dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion (as of the Date of Grant, the proceeds are paid to the Optionee in local currency). In the event the proceeds are paid to the Optionee in U.S. Dollars, the Optionee understands that the Optionee will be required to set up a U.S. Dollar bank account in China and provide the bank account details to the Employer and/or the Company so that the proceeds may be deposited into this account. If the proceeds are paid to the Optionee in local currency, the Optionee agrees to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time Shares are sold and the time the sale proceeds are distributed through any such special exchange account. Method of Exercise The Optionee acknowledges that due to regulatory requirements, and notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the Plan or the Agreement to the contrary, Optionees residing in mainland China will be restricted to the cashless sell-all method of exercise with respect to their Options. To complete a cashless sell-all exercise, the Optionee understands that the Optionee needs to instruct the broker to: (i) sell all of the purchased Shares issued upon exercise; (ii) use the proceeds to pay the Exercise Price, brokerage fees and any applicable Tax Related-Items; and (iii) remit the balance in cash to the Optionee. In the event of changes in regulatory requirements, the Company reserves the right to eliminate the cashless sell-all method 

26 of exercise requirement and, in its sole discretion, to permit cash exercises, cashless sell-to-cover exercises or any other method of exercise and payment deemed appropriate by the Company. NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice Applicable to Optionees in the PRC If the Optionee is a local national of the PRC, the Optionee understands that exchange control restrictions may limit the Optionee s ability to access and/or convert funds received under the Plan, particularly if these amounts exceed US 50,000. The Optionee should confirm the procedures and requirements for withdrawals and conversions of foreign currency with the Optionee's local bank prior to the Option exercise. The Optionee agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in the PRC. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information PRC residents are required to report to SAFE details of their foreign financial assets and liabilities, as well as details of any economic transactions conducted with non-PRC residents, either directly or through financial institutions. The Optionee may be subject to reporting obligations for the Shares or awards acquired under the Plan and Plan-related transactions. It is the Optionee's responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation and the Optionee should consult his/her personal tax advisor in this regard. COLOMBIA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Labor Law Acknowledgement The following provision supplements Section 18 of the Agreement: The Optionee acknowledges that pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, the Plan, the Option, the underlying Shares, and any other amounts or payments granted or realized from participation in the Plan do not constitute a component of the Optionee's salary for any purpose. To this extent, they will not be included and/or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal/fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions or any other labor- related amount which may be payable. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The Shares are not and will not be registered with the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores), and therefore, the Shares cannot be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as making a public offer of securities, or the promotion of financial products in Colombia. Exchange Control Notice Foreign investments must be registered with the Central Bank of Colombia (Banco de la Rep blica). Upon the subsequent sale or other disposition of investments held abroad, the registration with the Central Bank must be canceled, the proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the Shares must be repatriated 

27 to Colombia and the appropriate Central Bank form must be filed (usually with the Optionee s local bank). The Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee personally is responsible for complying with Colombian exchange control requirements. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information An annual informative return must be filed with the Colombian Tax Office detailing any assets held abroad (including the Shares acquired under the Plan). If the individual value of any of these assets exceeds a certain threshold, each asset must be described (e.g., its nature and its value) and the jurisdiction in which it is located must be disclosed. The Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee personally is responsible for complying with this tax reporting requirement. CROATIA NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice The Optionee must report any foreign investments (including Shares acquired under the Plan) to the Croatian National Bank for statistical purposes. However, because exchange control regulations may change without notice, the Optionee should consult with the Optionee's legal advisor to ensure compliance with current regulations. The Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee personally is responsible for complying with Croatian exchange control laws. CZECH REPUBLIC NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice Upon request of the Czech National Bank (the CNB ), the Optionee may need to report the following to the CNB: foreign direct investments, financial credits from abroad, investment in foreign securities and associated collection and payments (Shares and proceeds from the sale of the Shares may be included in this reporting requirement). Even in the absence of a request from the CNB, the Optionee may need to report foreign direct investments with a value of CZK 2,500,000 or more in the aggregate or other foreign financial assets with a value of CZK 2,000,000,000 or more. Because exchange control regulations change frequently and without notice, the Optionee should consult the Optionee's personal legal advisor prior to the exercise of the Option and the subsequent sale of Shares to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is the Optionee s responsibility to comply with Czech exchange control laws, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will be liable for any resulting fines or penalties. DENMARK TERMS AND CONDITIONS Danish Stock Option Act Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the Option upon the Optionee s termination of employment with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary, as applicable, shall be governed by the Danish Stock Option Act, as in effect at the time of the Optionee s termination (as determined by the Committee in its discretion in consultation with legal counsel). By accepting the Option, the Optionee 

28 acknowledges that the Optionee has received a Danish translation of an Employer Statement, (which is attached hereto as Addendum C), which is being provided to comply with the Danish Stock Option Act. NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information If Danish residents establish an account holding Shares or an account holding cash outside Denmark, they must report the account to the Danish Tax Administration as part of their annual tax return under the section related to foreign affairs and income. The form which should be used in this respect can be obtained from a local bank. ECUADOR NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Optionee will be responsible for including any Options that vested during the previous fiscal year in the Optionee's annual Net Worth Declaration if the Optionee's net worth exceeds the thresholds set forth in the law. The Net Worth Declaration must be filed in May of the following year using the electronic form on the tax authorities website (www.sri.gob.ec). Penalties will apply to a late filing and it is not possible to seek an extension. FINLAND NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. There are no specific reporting requirements with respect to foreign assets/accounts. However, the Optionee should check the Optionee's pre-completed tax return to confirm that the ownership of Shares and other securities (foreign or domestic) are correctly reported. If the Optionee finds any errors or omissions, the Optionee must make the necessary corrections electronically or by sending specific paper forms to the local tax authorities. GERMANY NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported to the German Federal Bank (Bundesbank). If the Optionee acquires Shares with a value in excess of this amount, the Employer will report the acquisition of the Shares to Bundesbank. If the Optionee otherwise makes or receives a payment in excess of this amount (e.g., if the Optionee sells Shares via a foreign broker, bank or service provider and receive proceeds in excess of this amount), the Participant must report the payment to Bundesbank, either electronically using the General Statistics Reporting Portal Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik available on the Bundesbank website (www.bundesbank.de) or via such other method (e.g., by email or telephone) as is permitted or required by Bundesbank. The report must be submitted monthly or within other such timing as is permitted or required by Bundesbank. 

29 HONG KONG TERMS AND CONDITIONS Sale Restriction Shares received at exercise are accepted as a personal investment. If, for any reason, the Option vests and becomes exercisable and the Option is exercised and Shares are issued to the Optionee (or the Optionee's heirs) within six (6) months of the Date of Grant, the Optionee (or the Optionee's heirs) agrees that the Optionee will not dispose of any such Shares prior to the six (6)-month anniversary of the Date of Grant. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice WARNING: The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. The Optionee is advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If the Optionee is in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, the Optionee should obtain independent professional advice. Neither the offer of Options nor the issuance of Shares upon exercise of the Options constitutes a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and is available only to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Agreement, including this Addendum A, the Plan and other incidental communication materials distributed in connection with the Options (i) have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong and (ii) are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries and may not be distributed to any other person. Nature of Scheme The Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be treated as an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance. HUNGARY No country-specific provisions. INDIA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Method of Exercise The Optionee acknowledges that due to regulatory requirements, and notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the Plan or the Agreement to the contrary, if the Optionee resides in India, the Optionee will be restricted to the cashless sell-all method of exercise with respect to their Options. To complete a cashless sell-all exercise, the Optionee understands that the Optionee needs to instruct the broker to: (i) sell all of the purchased Shares issued upon exercise; (ii) use the proceeds to pay the Exercise Price, brokerage fees and any applicable Tax Related-Items; and (iii) remit the balance in cash to the Optionee. In the event of changes in regulatory requirements, the Company reserves the right to eliminate the cashless sell-all method of exercise requirement and, in its sole discretion, to permit cash exercises, cashless sell-to-cover exercises or any other method of exercise and payment deemed appropriate by the Company. 

30 NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice The Optionee must repatriate any proceeds from the sale of the Shares and any cash dividends acquired under the Plan to India and convert the proceeds into local currency within a certain period from the time of receipt (90 days for sale proceeds and 180 days for dividend payments, or within such other period of time as may be required under applicable regulations and to convert the proceeds into local currency). The Optionee will receive a foreign inward remittance certificate FIRC from the bank where the Optionee deposits the foreign currency. The Optionee should maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof of repatriation. It is the Optionee s responsibility to comply with exchange control laws in India, and neither the Company nor the Employer will be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from the Optionee s failure to comply with applicable local laws. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Optionee is required to declare the Optionee's foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including Shares held outside India) in the Optionee's annual tax return. It is the Optionee s responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation and the Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal tax advisor in this regard as significant penalties may apply in the case of non-compliance. INDONESIA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Language Consent A translation of the documents relating to this grant into Bahasa Indonesia can be provided to Optionee upon request to Danaher s Corporate Compensation department. By accepting the Option, the Optionee (i) confirms having read and understood the documents relating to the Options (i.e., the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language, (ii) accepts the terms of those documents accordingly, and (iii) agrees not to challenge the validity of this document based on Law No. 24 of 2009 on National Flag, Language, Coat of Arms and National Anthem or the implementing Presidential Regulation (when issued). Persetujuan Bahasa Terjemahan dari dokumen-dokumen terkait dengan pemberian ini ke Bahasa Indonesia dapat disediakan untuk Peserta berdasarkan permintaan kepada Danaher s Corporate Compensation department. Dengan menerima Pemberian, Peserta (i) memberikan konfirmasi bahwa anda telah membaca dan memahami dokumen-dokumen berkaitan dengan Pemberian ini (yaitu, Program dan Perjanjian) yang disediakan dalam Bahasa Inggris, (ii) menerima persyaratan di dalam dokumen-dokumen tersebut, dan (iii) setuju untuk tidak mengajukan keberatan atas keberlakuan dari dokumen ini berdasarkan Undang-Undang No. 24 Tahun 2009 tentang Bendera, Bahasa dan Lambang Negara serta Lagu Kebangsaan ataupun Peraturan Presiden sebagai pelaksanaannya (ketika diterbitkan). 

31 NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice Indonesian residents repatriating funds (e.g., remittance of proceeds from the sale of Shares into Indonesia) into Indonesia, the Indonesian bank through which the transaction is made will submit a report of the transaction to the Bank of Indonesia. For transactions of USD10,000 or more (or its equivalent in other currency), a more detailed description of the transaction must be included in the report and the Optionee may be required to provide information about the transaction to the bank in order to complete the transaction. For foreign currency transactions exceeding USD25,000, the underlying document of that transaction will have to be submitted to the relevant local bank. IRELAND NOTIFICATIONS Director Notification Obligation Irish residents who may be a director, shadow director or secretary of an Irish subsidiary whose interest in the Company represents more than 1 of the Company s voting share capital are required to notify such Irish Subsidiary in writing within a certain time period. This notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of a spouse or children under the age of 18 (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary). ISRAEL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Trust Arrangement The Optionee understands and agrees that the Options awarded under the Agreement are awarded subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Sub-Plan for Israel (the Sub-Plan ), the Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement between the Company and the Company s trustee appointed by the Company or its Subsidiary in Israel (the Trustee ), or any successor trustee. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Sub-Plan, the Agreement and/or the Plan, the Sub-Plan will govern. Type of Grant The Options are intended to qualify for favorable tax treatment in Israel as a 102 Capital Gains Track Grant (as defined in the Sub-Plan) subject to the terms and conditions of Section 102 (as defined in the Sub-Plan) and the rules promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by accepting the Options, the Optionee acknowledges that the Company cannot guarantee or represent that the favorable tax treatment under Section 102 will apply to the Options. By accepting the Options, the Optionee: (a) acknowledges receipt of and represents that the Optionee has read and is familiar with the terms and provisions of Section 102, the Plan, the Sub-Plan, the Trust Agreement and the Agreement; (b) accepts the Options subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Plan, the Sub-Plan, the Trust Agreement and Section 102 and the rules promulgated thereunder; and (c) agrees that the Options and/or any Shares issued in connection therewith, will be registered for the benefit of the Optionee in the name of the Trustee as required to qualify under Section 102. 

32 The Optionee hereby undertakes to release the Trustee from any liability in respect of any action or decision duly taken and bona fide executed in relation to the Plan, or any Options or the Shares granted thereunder. The Optionee agrees to execute any and all documents which the Company or the Trustee may reasonably determine to be necessary in order to comply with Section 102 and the Income Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961 ITO ). Electronic Delivery The following provision supplements Section 13 of the Agreement. To the extent required pursuant to Israeli tax law and/or by the Trustee, the Optionee consents and agrees to deliver hard-copy written notices and/or actual copies of any notices or confirmations provided by the Optionee related to the Optionee's participation in the Plan. Data Privacy The following provision supplements Section 14 of the Agreement: Without derogating from the scope of Section 14 of the Agreement, the Optionee hereby explicitly consents to the transfer of Data between the Company, the Trustee, and/or a designated Plan broker, including any requisite transfer of such Data outside of the Optionee s country and further transfers thereafter as may be required to a broker or other third party. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The grant of the Options does not constitute a public offering under the Securities Law, 1968. ITALY TERMS AND CONDITIONS Plan Document Acknowledgement In accepting the Option, the Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee has received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement and has reviewed the Plan and the Agreement, (including this Addendum A), in their entirety and fully understands and accepts all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, (including this Addendum A). The Optionee further acknowledges that the Optionee has read and specifically and expressly approves the following paragraphs of the Agreement: Section 8: Tax Obligations; Section 17: Governing Law and Venue; Section 18: Nature of Option; Section 26: Country-Specific Provisions; Section 27: Imposition of Other Requirements; Section 28: Recoupment; and the Data Privacy section above. Method of Exercise The Optionee acknowledges that due to regulatory requirements, and notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the Plan or the Agreement to the contrary, if the Optionee resides in Italy, the Optionee will be restricted to the cashless sell-all method of exercise with respect to their Options. To complete a cashless sell-all exercise, the Optionee understands that the Optionee needs to instruct the broker to: (i) sell all of the purchased Shares issued upon exercise; (ii) use the proceeds to pay the Exercise Price, brokerage fees 

33 and any applicable Tax Related-Items; and (iii) remit the balance in cash to the Optionee. In the event of changes in regulatory requirements, the Company reserves the right to eliminate the cashless sell-all method of exercise requirement and, in its sole discretion, to permit cash exercises, cashless sell-to-cover exercises or any other method of exercise and payment deemed appropriate by the Company. NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information To the extent that the Optionee holds investments abroad or foreign financial assets that may generate taxable income in Italy (such as the Shares acquired under the Plan) during the calendar year, the Optionee is required to report them on the Optionee s annual tax return (UNICO Form, RW Schedule), or on a special form if no tax return is due and pay the foreign financial assets tax. The tax is assessed at the end of the calendar year or on the last day the shares are held (in such case, or when the shares are acquired during the course of the year, the tax is levied in proportion to the number of days the shares are held over the calendar year). No tax payment duties arise if the amount of the foreign financial assets tax calculated on all financial assets held abroad does not exceed a certain threshold. In other words, if the Optionee holds investments abroad or foreign financial assets for an overall value currently not exceeding EUR 6,000, the Optionee does not have to pay the foreign financial assets tax. JAPAN NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice If the Optionee acquires Shares valued at more than 100,000,000 in a single transaction, the Optionee must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance through the Bank of Japan within 20 days of the purchase of the Shares. In addition, if the Optionee pays more than 30,000,000 in a single transaction for the purchase of Shares when the Optionee exercises the Option, the Optionee must file a Payment Report with the Ministry of Finance through the Bank of Japan by the 20th day of the month following the month in which the payment was made. The precise reporting requirements vary depending on whether or not the relevant payment is made through a bank in Japan. A Payment Report is required independently from a Securities Acquisition Report. Therefore, if the total amount that the Optionee pays upon a one-time transaction for exercising the Option and purchasing Shares exceeds 100,000,000, then the Optionee must file both a Payment Report and a Securities Acquisition Report. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Optionee will be required to report details of any assets held outside of Japan as of December 31st (including any Shares acquired under the Plan) to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding 50,000,000. Such report will be due by March 15th each year. The Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal tax advisor as to whether the reporting obligation applies to the Optionee and whether the Optionee will be required to include details of any outstanding Option or Shares held by the Optionee in the report. 

34 KAZAKHSTAN NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The grant of the Option is addressed only to certain eligible employees of the Company and Eligible Subsidiaries in the form of Shares to be issued by the Company, which as of the date hereof are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement has been approved, nor do they need to be approved, by the National Bank of Kazakhstan. This offer is intended only for the original recipient and is not for general circulation in the Republic of Kazakhstan. KOREA NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice If the Optionee realizes US 500,000 or more from the sale of Shares or the receipt of any dividends with respect to options granted prior to July 18, 2017, Korean exchange control laws may require the Optionee to repatriate the proceeds back to Korea within three (3) years of the sale/receipt. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information Korean residents must declare all foreign financial accounts (e.g., non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts in June of the following year if the monthly balance of such accounts exceeds KRW 500 million (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency) on any month-end date during a calendar year. The Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal tax advisor to determine the Optionee's personal reporting obligations. LIECHTENSTEIN No country-specific provisions. LUXEMBOURG NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice The Optionee must report any inward remittance of funds to the Banque Central de Luxembourg and/or the Service Central de La Statistique et des tudes conomiques within fifteen (15) working days following the month during which the transaction occurred. If a Luxembourg financial institution is involved in the transaction, it will usually fulfill the reporting obligation on the Optionee s behalf; otherwise, the Optionee personally will be responsible for reporting the transaction. 

35 MALAYSIA NOTIFICATIONS Director Notification If the Optionee is a director of a subsidiary or other related company in Malaysia, then the Optionee is subject to certain notification requirements under the Malaysian Companies Act, 2016. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Malaysian subsidiary in writing when the Optionee receives an interest (e.g., Options, Shares) in the Company or any related companies. In addition, the Optionee must notify the Malaysian subsidiary when the Optionee sells Shares of the Company or any related company (including when the Optionee sells Shares acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within fourteen (14) days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any related company. MEXICO TERMS AND CONDITIONS Labor Law Acknowledgement The following provision supplements Section 18 of the Agreement. By accepting the Options, the Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee understands and agrees that: (i) the Option is not related to the salary and other contractual benefits granted to the Optionee by the Employer; and (ii) any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of employment. Policy Statement The grant of the Option the Company is making under the Plan is unilateral and discretionary and, therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend it and discontinue it at any time without any liability. The Company, with registered offices at 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., 20037, United States of America, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan. Participation in the Plan and, the acquisition of Shares under the Plan does not, in any way establish an employment relationship between the Optionee and the Company since the Optionee is participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and the Optionee s sole employer is the Subsidiary employing the Optionee, as applicable, nor does it establish any rights between the Optionee and the Employer. Plan Document Acknowledgment By participating in the Plan, the Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee has received copies of the Plan and the Agreement, has reviewed the Plan and the Agreement in their entirety and fully understands and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. In addition, by participating in the Plan, the Optionee further acknowledges that the Optionee has read and specifically and expressly approves the terms and conditions in Section 18 of the Agreement, in which the following is clearly described and established: (i) participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right; (ii) the Plan and participation in the Plan is offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis; (iii) participation in the Plan is voluntary; and (iv) the Company and its Subsidiaries are not responsible for any decrease in the value of the Shares underlying the Option. 

36 Finally, the Optionee hereby declares that the Optionee does not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages as a result of participation in the Plan and therefore grants a full and broad release to the Employer and the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to any claim that may arise under the Plan. Spanish Translation Reconocimiento de la Ley Laboral Esta disposici n complementan la secci n 18 de Acuerdo: Al Acpetar la Opci n, la persona que recibe la opci n manifiesta que entiende y acuerda que: (i) la Opci n no se encuentra relacionada con el salario ni con otras prestaciones contractuales concedidas a la persona que recibe la opci npor parte del patr n; y (ii) cualquier modificaci n del Plan o su terminaci n no constituye un cambio o detrimento en los t rminos y condiciones de empleo. Declaraci n de Pol tica La concesi n de la Opci n que hace la Compa a bajo el Plan es unilateral y discrecional y, por lo tanto, la Compa a se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y discontinuar el mismo en cualquier momento, sin ninguna responsabilidad. La Compa a, con oficinas registradas ubicadas en 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., 20037, Estados Unidos de Norteam rica, es la nica responsable de la administraci n del Plan. La participaci n en el Plan y la adquisici n de Acciones no establece de forma alguna, una relaci n de trabajo entre quien recibe la opci n y la Compa a, ya que la participaci n en el Plan por parte de quien recibe la opci n es completamente comercial y el nico patr n es Subsidiaria que esta contratando a quien recibe la opci n, en caso de ser aplicable, as como tampoco establece ning n derecho entre quien recibe la opci n y el patr n. Reconocimiento del Plan de Documentos Al aceptar la opci n, quien recibe la misma reconoce que ha recibido copias del Plan y del Acuerdo, que ha revisado en su totalidad tanto el Plan como el Acuerdo y, que ha entendido y aceptado las disposiciones contenidas en el Plan y en el Acuerdo. Adicionalmente, al firmar el Acuerdo, quien recive la opci n reconoce que ha le do, y que aprueba espec fica y expresamente los t rminos y condiciones contenidos en la secci n 18 del Acuerdo, en la cual se encuentra claramente descrito y establecido lo siguiente: (i) la participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido; (ii) el Plan y la participaci n en el mismo es ofrecida por la Compa a de forma enteramente discrecional; (iii) la participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria; y (iv) la Compa a, as como sus Subsidiarias no son responsables por cualquier detrimento en el valor de las Acciones en relaci n con la Opci n. Finalmente, por medio de la presente, quien recibe la opci n declara que no se reserva ninguna acci n o derecho para interponer una demanda en contra de la Compa a por compensaci n, da o o perjuicio alguno como resultado de la participaci n en el Plan y en consecuencia, otorga el m s amplio finiquito a su patr n, as como a la Compa a, a sus Subsidiarias con respecto a cualquier demanda que pudiera originarse en virtud del Plan. 

37 NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The Options granted, and any Shares acquired, under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, Agreement and any other document relating to the Options may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to the Optionee because of the Optionee s existing relationship with the Company and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities, but rather a private placement of securities addressed specifically to certain employees of the Company and its subsidiaries and are made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law. Any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. MOROCCO TERMS AND CONDITIONS Method of Exercise The Optionee acknowledges that due to existing foreign currency exchange restrictions in Morocco, and notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the Plan or the Agreement to the contrary, if the Optionee resides in Morocco, the Optionee will be restricted to the cashless sell-all method of exercise with respect to the Options. To complete a cashless sell-all exercise, the Optionee understands that the Optionee needs to instruct the broker to: (i) sell all of the purchased Shares issued upon exercise; (ii) use the proceeds to pay the Exercise Price, brokerage fees and any applicable Tax Related-Items; and (iii) remit the balance in cash to the Optionee. In the event of changes in existing foreign currency exchange restrictions, the Company reserves the right to eliminate the cashless sell-all method of exercise requirement and, in its sole discretion, to permit cash exercises, cashless sell-to-cover exercises or any other method of exercise and payment deemed appropriate by the Company. NETHERLANDS No country-specific provisions. NORWAY NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Information In general, Norwegian residents should not be subject to any foreign exchange requirements in connection with their acquisition or sale of Shares under the Plan, except normal reporting requirements to the Norwegian Currency Registry. If any transfer of funds into or out of Norway is made through a Norwegian bank, the bank will make the registration. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information Norwegian residents may be subject to foreign asset reporting as part of their ordinary tax return. Norwegian banks, financial institutions, limited companies etc. must report certain information to the Tax Administration. Such information may then be pre-completed in a Norwegian resident s tax return. 

38 However, if the resident has traded, or is the owner of, financial instruments (e.g., Shares) not pre-completed in the tax return, the Norwegian resident must enter this information in Form RF-1159, which is an appendix to the tax return. PERU TERMS AND CONDITIONS Labor Law Acknowledgement The following provision supplements Section 18 of the Agreement: The Optionee acknowledges that the Plan, the Option, the underlying Shares, and any other amounts or payments granted or realized from participation in the Plan are being granted ex gratia as a reward to the Optionee and do not constitute a component of the Optionee's salary for any purpose. On this basis, the Option, the underlying Shares, and any other amounts or payments granted or realized from participation in the Plan will not be included and/or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal/fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The grant of the Options hereunder is not intended to be a public offering of securities in Chile but instead is intended to be a private placement. POLAND NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information Polish residents holding foreign securities (e.g., Shares) and/or maintaining accounts abroad are obligated to file quarterly reports with the National Bank of Poland incorporating information on transactions and balances of the securities and cash deposited in such accounts if the value of such securities and cash (when combined with all other assets held abroad) exceeds PLN 7,000,000. Exchange Control Notice Polish residents are also required to transfer funds through a bank account in Poland if the transferred amount in any single transaction exceeds a specified threshold (currently EUR 15,000). Polish residents are required to store documents connected with foreign exchange transactions for a period of five years from the date the exchange transaction was made. 

39 PORTUGAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Language Consent The Optionee hereby expressly declares that the Optionee is proficient in the English language and has read, understood and fully accepts and agrees with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. Conhecimento da Lingua O Benefici rio, pelo presente instrumento, declara expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que leu, compreendeu e livremente aceitou e concordou com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e do Contrato. NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice If the Optionee is a Portuguese resident and holds Shares after exercise of the Option, the acquisition of the Shares should be reported to the Banco de Portugal for statistical purposes. If the Shares are deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, such bank or financial intermediary will submit the report on the Optionee s behalf. If the Shares are not deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, The Optionee is responsible for submitting the report to the Banco de Portugal, unless the Optionee engages a Portuguese financial intermediary to file the reports on the Optionee's behalf. RUSSIA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Labor Law Acknowledgement The Optionee understands that if the Optionee continues to hold the Shares acquired under the Plan after an involuntary termination of employment, the Optionee will be ineligible to receive unemployment benefits in Russia. U.S. Transaction Any Shares issued upon exercise of the Options shall be delivered to the Optionee through a brokerage account with the Stock Plan Administrator established in the United States. The Optionee may hold the Shares in the Optionee s brokerage account in the United States; however, in no event will the Shares issued to the Optionee and/or share certificates or other instruments be delivered to the Optionee in Russia. The Optionee is not permitted to make any public advertising or announcements regarding the Options or Shares in Russia, or promote these Shares to other Russian legal entities or individuals, and the Optionee is not permitted to sell Shares acquired upon exercise of the Options directly to other Russian legal entities or residents. The Optionee is permitted to sell Shares only on the New York Stock Exchange and only through a United States broker. Data Privacy This data privacy consent replaces Section 14 of the Agreement: 

40 1. Purposes for processing of the Personal Data 1. 1.1. Granting to the Optionee restricted share units or rights to purchase shares of common stock. 1.1. (Option) . 1.2. Compliance with the effective Russian Federation laws; 1.2. 2. The Optionee hereby grants consent to processing of the personal data listed below 2. 2.1. Last name, first name, patronymic, year, month, date and place of birth, gender, age, address, citizenship, information on education, contact details (home address(es), direct office, home and mobile telephone numbers, e-mail address, etc.), photographs; 2.1. , , , , , , , , , , , ) ), , , .), 2.2. Information contained in personal identification documents (including passport details), tax identification number and number of the State Pension Insurance Certificate, including photocopies of passports, visas, work permits, drivers licenses, other personal documents; 2.2. , , , , , , , , , 2.3. Information on employment, including the list of duties, information on the current and former employers, information on promotions, disciplinary sanctions, transfer to other position / work, etc.; 2.3. , , , , , / , . 2.4. Information on the Optionee s salary amount, information on salary changes, on participation in employer benefit plans and programs, on bonuses paid, etc.; 2.4. , , , , . 2.5. Information on work time, including hours scheduled for work per week and hours actually worked; 2.5. , 2.6. Information on potential membership of certain categories of employees having rights for guarantees and benefits in accordance with the 2.6. , 

41 Russian Federation Labor Code and other effective legislation; 2.7. Information on the Optionee s tax status (exempt, tax resident status, etc.); 2.7. , . .); 2.8. Information on shares of Common Stock or directorships held by the Optionee, details of all awards or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding; 2.8. , , , , , , . 2.9. Any other information, which may become necessary to the Company in connection with the purposes specified in Clause 2 above. 2.9. , , . 3 . the Personal Data 3.1. The Optionee hereby consents to performing the following operations with the Personal Data: 3.1. : 3.1.1 processing of the Personal Data, including collection, systematization, accumulation, storage, verification (renewal, modification), use, dissemination (including transfer), impersonalizing, blockage, destruction; 3.1.1. , , , , , , ), , ), , , 3.1.2 transborder transfer of the Personal Data to perators located on the territory of foreign states. The Optionee hereby confirms that he was notified of the fact that the recipients of the Personal Data may be located in foreign states that do not ensure adequate protection of rights of personal data subjects; 3.1.2. . , , , 3.1.3 including Personal Data into generally accessible sources of personal data (including directories, address books and other), placing Personal Data on the Company s web-sites on the Internet. 3.1.3. , . .), . 

42 3.2. General description of the data processing methods used by the Company 3.2. 3.2.1. When processing the Personal Data, the Company undertakes the necessary organizational and technical measures for protecting the Personal Data from unlawful or accidental access to them, from destruction, change, blockage, copying, dissemination of Personal Data, as well as from other unlawful actions. 3.2.1. , , , , , , . 3.2.2. Processing of the Personal Data by the Company shall be performed using the data processing methods that ensure confidentiality of the Personal Data, except where: (1) Personal Data is impersonalized; and (2) in relation to publicly available Personal Data; and in compliance with the established requirements to ensuring the security of personal data, the requirements to the tangible media of biometric personal data and to the technologies for storage of such data outside personal data information systems in accordance with the effective legislation. 3.2.2. , , : (1) (2) , . 4. Term, revocation procedure 4. , This Statement of Consent is valid for an indefinite term. The Optionee may revoke this consent by sending to Company a written notice at least ninety (90) days in advance of the proposed consent revocation date. The Optionee agrees that during the specified notice period the Company is not obliged to cease processing of personal data or to destroy the personal data of The Optionee. . 90 . , ) ) . NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The Optionee acknowledges that the Agreement, the grant of the Option, the Plan and all other materials the Optionee may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia, and the Optionee's acceptance of the Option results in an agreement between the Company and the Optionee that is completed in the United States and is governed by the laws of the State 

43 of Delaware. The Shares to be issued under the Plan have not and will not be registered in Russia nor will they be admitted for listing on any Russian exchange for trading within Russia. Thus, the Shares described in any Plan documents may not be offered or placed in public circulation in Russia. In no event will the Shares to be issued under the Plan be delivered to the Optionee in Russia. All the Shares acquired under the Plan will be maintained on behalf of the Optionee outside of Russia. The Optionee will not be permitted to sell or otherwise transfer the Shares directly to a Russian legal entity or resident. Exchange Control Notice The Optionee may be required to repatriate cash proceeds from the Optionee's participation in the Plan (e.g., cash dividends, sale proceeds) as soon as the Optionee intends to use those cash amounts for any purpose, including reinvestment. If the repatriation requirement applies, such funds must initially be credited to the Optionee through a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia. After the funds are initially received in Russia, they may be further remitted to other accounts, including ones at foreign banks, in accordance with Russian exchange control laws. As of April 17, 2020, the repatriation requirement may not apply with respect to cash amounts received in an account that is considered by the Central Bank of Russia to be a foreign brokerage account opened with a financial market institution other than a bank. Statutory exceptions to the repatriation requirement also may apply. The Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal legal advisor to determine the applicability of the repatriation requirement to any cash received in connection with the Optionee's participation in the Plan and to ensure compliance with any applicable exchange control requirements. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Optionee is required to report the opening, closing or change of details of any foreign bank account to Russian tax authorities within one (1) month of opening, closing or change of details of such account. The Optionee is also required to report (i) the beginning and ending balances in such a foreign bank account each year, and (ii) transactions related to such a foreign account during the year to the Russian tax authorities, on or before June 1 of the following year. The tax authorities may require supporting documents related to transactions in such foreign bank accounts. The Optionee should consult the Optionee's personal tax advisor to determine and ensure compliance with the Optionee's foreign asset/account reporting obligations. The Optionee is also required to report the Optionee's foreign brokerage accounts and foreign accounts with other financial institutions (financial market organizations). Certain specific exceptions from the reporting requirements may apply. Anti-Corruption Legislation Information Individuals holding public office in Russia, as well as their spouses and dependent children, may be prohibited from opening or maintaining a foreign brokerage or bank account and holding any securities, whether acquired directly or indirectly, in a foreign company (including the Shares acquired under the Plan). The Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal legal advisor to determine whether this restriction applies to the Optionee s circumstances. SAUDI ARABIA NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom except to such persons as are permitted under the Rules of the Offers of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority. 

44 The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this document. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorized financial adviser. SINGAPORE NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The grant of the Options is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA and is not made to the Optionee with a view to the underlying Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been, and will not be, lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Optionee should note that the Options are subject to section 257 of the SFA and the Optionee should not make (i) any subsequent sale of the Shares in Singapore or (ii) any offer of such subsequent sale of the Shares subject to the Option in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made after six (6) months from the Date of Grant or pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. The Company s Common Stock is currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange, which is located outside of Singapore, under the ticker symbol DHR and Shares acquired under the Plan may be sold through this exchange. Director Notification Requirement If the Optionee is a director, associate director, or shadow director of a Singapore Subsidiary of the Company, the Optionee is subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act, regardless of whether the Optionee is resident or employed in Singapore. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Subsidiary in writing when the Optionee receives an interest (e.g., the Options, Shares, etc.) in the Company or any related company. In addition, the Optionee must notify the Singapore Subsidiary when the Optionee sells the Shares of the Company or any related company (including when the Optionee sells the Shares acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within two (2) business days of (i) its acquisition or disposal, (ii) any change in a previously-disclosed interest (e.g., exercise of the Options or when Shares acquired under the Plan are subsequently sold), or (iii) becoming a director. If you are the Chief Executive Officer of the Singapore Subsidiary of the Company, these requirements may also apply to you. SLOVAKIA No country-specific provisions. SOUTH AFRICA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Tax Obligations The following provision supplements Section 8(a) of the Agreement. 

45 By accepting the Option, the Optionee agrees to immediately notify the Employer of the amount of any gain realized upon exercise of the Option. If the Optionee fails to advise the Employer of the gain realized upon exercise of the Option, the Optionee may be liable for a fine. The Optionee will be responsible for paying any difference between the actual tax liability and the amount of tax withheld by the Company or Employer. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice In compliance with South African securities laws, the documents listed below are available on the following websites: i. a copy of the Company's most recent annual report (i.e., Form 10-K) is available at: https://investors.danaher.com/sec-filings; ii. a copy of the Plan is attached as an exhibit to the Company s annual report (i.e., Form 10-K) available at https://investors.danaher.com/sec-filings; and iii. a copy of the Plan Prospectus is available at www.fidelity.com. A copy of the above documents will be sent to the Optionee free of charge on written request to Danaher Corporation, 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W. Suite 800W, Washington, DC 20037, USA Attention: Corporate Secretary. The Optionee should carefully read the materials provided before making a decision whether to participate in the Plan. In addition, the Optionee should contact the Optionee's tax advisor for specific information concerning the Optionee s personal tax situation with regard to Plan participation. Tax Clearance Certificate for Cash Exercises If the Optionee exercises the Option by a cash purchase exercise, the Optionee is required to obtain and provide to the Employer, or any third party designated by the Employer or the Company, a Tax Clearance Certificate (with respect to Foreign Investments) bearing the official stamp and signature of the Exchange Control Department of the South African Revenue Service SARS ). The Optionee must renew this Tax Clearance Certificate each twelve (12) months or in such other period as may be required by the SARS. If the Optionee exercises the Option by a cashless exercise whereby no funds are remitted offshore for the purchase of Shares, the Optionee is not required to obtain a Tax Clearance Certificate. Exchange Control Notice The Options may be subject to exchange control regulations in South Africa. In particular, if the Optionee is a South African resident for exchange control purposes, the Optionee is required to obtain approval from the South African Reserve Bank for payments (including payments of proceeds from the sale of the Shares) that the Optionee receives into accounts based outside of South Africa (e.g., a U.S. brokerage account). Because exchange control regulations are subject to change, the Optionee should consult with the Optionee's personal advisor to ensure compliance with current regulations. The Optionee is responsible for ensuring compliance with all exchange control laws in South Africa. 

46 SPAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS Nature of Options The following provision supplements Section 18 of the Agreement: In accepting the grant of Options, the Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee consents to participation in the Plan and has received a copy of the Plan. The Optionee understands that the Company, in its sole discretion, has unilaterally and gratuitously decided to grant Options under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any Options will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on an ongoing basis. Consequently, the Optionee understands that the Option is granted on the assumption and condition that the Option and the Shares issued upon exercise of the Option shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, or salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. Further, the Optionee understands and agrees that, unless otherwise expressly provided for by the Company or set forth in the Agreement, the Option will be cancelled without entitlement to any Shares if the Optionee s employment is terminated for any reason, including, but not limited to: resignation, retirement, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without good cause (i.e., subject to a despido improcedente ), material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, or under Article 10.3 of Royal Decree 1382/1985. The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine the date when the Optionee's employment has terminated for purposes of the Option. The Optionee understands that this Option grant would not be made to the Optionee but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above; thus, the Optionee acknowledges and freely accepts that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then any grant of, or right to, the Option shall be null and void. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory in connection with the Options. The Plan, the Agreement (including this Addendum A) and any other documents evidencing the grant of the Options have not, nor will they be, registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores, and none of those documents constitutes a public offering prospectus. Exchange Control Notice The Optionee must declare the acquisition of the Shares to the Direcci n General de Comercio e Inversiones (the Bureau for Commerce and Investments, the DGCI of the Ministry of Economy, Industry and Competitiveness for statistical purposes. The Optionee must also declare ownership of any Shares with 

47 the Directorate of Foreign Transactions each January while the Shares are owned. In addition, if the Optionee wishes to import the ownership title of the Shares (i.e., share certificates) into Spain, the Optionee must declare the importation of such securities to the DGCI. The sale of the Shares must also be declared to the DGCI by means of a form D-6 filed in January. The form D-6, generally, must be filed within one (1) month after the sale if the Optionee owns more than 10 of the share capital of the Company or the Optionee's investment exceeds 1,502,530. In addition, the Optionee may be required to electronically declare to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including Shares acquired under the Plan), and any transactions with non-Spanish residents, depending on the balances in such accounts together with the value of such instruments as of December 31 of the relevant year, or the volume of transactions with non-Spanish residents during the relevant year. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information To the extent the Optionee holds rights or assets (e.g., cash or the Shares held in a bank or brokerage account) outside of Spain with a value in excess of 50,000 per type of right or asset as of December 31 each year (or at any time during the year in which the Optionee sells or disposes of such right or asset), the Optionee is required to report information on such rights and assets on the Optionee's tax return for such year. After such rights or assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will only apply for subsequent years if the value of any previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than 20,000 per type of right or asset as of each subsequent December 31, or if the Optionee sells Shares or cancel bank accounts that were previously reported. Failure to comply with this reporting requirement may result in penalties to the Spanish residents. In addition, the Optionee may be required to electronically declare to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including Shares acquired under the Plan), and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of Shares made pursuant to the Plan), depending on the balances in such accounts together with the value of such instruments as of December 31 of the relevant year, or the volume of transactions with non-Spanish residents during the relevant year. Spanish residents should consult with their personal tax and legal advisors to ensure compliance with their personal reporting obligations. SWEDEN No country-specific provisions. SWITZERLAND NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Options (a) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (b) may be publicly distributed nor otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or (c) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 of FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA. 

48 TAIWAN TERMS AND CONDITIONS Data Privacy The Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee has read and understands the terms regarding collection, processing and transfer of personal data contained in Section 13 of the Agreement and agrees that, upon request of the Company or the Employer, the Optionee will provide any executed data privacy consent form to the Employer or the Company (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Employer or the Company) that the Company and/or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain under the data privacy laws in Optionee s country, either now or in the future. The Optionee understands the Optionee will not be able to participate in the Plan if the Optionee fails to execute any such consent or agreement. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The offer of participation in the Plan is available only for employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The offer of participation in the Plan is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. Exchange Control Notice If the Optionee is a resident of Taiwan, the Optionee may acquire foreign currency, and remit the same out of or into Taiwan, up to US 5,000,000 per year without justification. If the transaction amount is TWD 500,000 or more in a single transaction, the Optionee must submit a Foreign Exchange Transaction Form to the remitting bank. If the transaction amount is US 500,000 or more in a single transaction, the Optionee may be required to provide additional supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank. THAILAND NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice Thai residents receiving funds in connection with the Plan (e.g., dividends or sale proceeds) with a value equal to or greater than USD 1,000,000 per transaction are required to repatriate the funds to Thailand immediately following the receipt of the funds and to then either convert such repatriated funds into Thai Baht or deposit the funds into a foreign currency account opened with any commercial bank in Thailand acting as the authorized agent within 360 days of repatriation. The Optionee is also required to inform the authorized agent of the details of the foreign currency transaction, including the Optionee's identification information and the purpose of the transaction. If the Optionee does not comply with this obligation, the Optionee may be subject to penalties assessed by the Bank of Thailand. Because exchange control regulations change frequently and without notice, the Optionee should consult a legal advisor before selling Shares to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is the Optionee s responsibility to comply with exchange control laws in Thailand, and neither the Company nor any Parent or Subsidiary will be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from the Optionee s failure to comply with applicable laws. 

49 TURKEY NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice Under Turkish law, the Optionee is not permitted to sell the Shares acquired under the Plan in Turkey. The Shares are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol DHR and the Shares may be sold through this exchange. Exchange Control Notice In certain circumstances, Turkish residents are permitted to sell the Shares traded on a non-Turkish stock exchange only through a financial intermediary licensed in Turkey. Therefore, Turkish residents may be required to appoint a Turkish broker to assist with the sale of the Shares acquired under the Plan. The Optionee should consult the Optionee's personal legal advisor before selling any Shares acquired under the Plan to confirm the applicability of this requirement. UNITED ARAB EMIRATES NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The Agreement, the Plan, and other incidental communication materials related to the Options are intended for distribution only to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of an incentive scheme. The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority and Central Bank have no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection this statement. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved this statement nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and have no responsibility for it. The securities to which this statement relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. If the Optionee does not understand the contents of the Agreement, including this Addendum A, or the Plan, the Optionee should obtain independent professional advice. UNITED KINGDOM TERMS AND CONDITIONS Termination Sections 5(e) and (f) of the Agreement, (Early Retirement and Normal Retirement, respectively), shall not apply to any Optionee who as of the Date of Grant is on permanent, non-temporary assignment in the United Kingdom. Instead, the provisions of Section 5(a) (General), shall apply, notwithstanding the provisions therein regarding Early Retirement and Normal Retirement to the contrary. Tax Obligations The following provision supplements Section 8 of the Agreement: 

50 Without limitation to Section 8 of the Agreement, the Optionee hereby agrees that the Optionee is liable for all Tax Related-Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax Related-Items, as and when requested by the Company, or if different, the Employer, or by Her Majesty s Revenue Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). The Optionee also hereby agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and, if different, the Employer, against any Tax Related-Items that they are required to pay or withhold, or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on the Optionee s behalf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Optionee is a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the Optionee may not be able to indemnify the Company or the Employer for the amount of any income tax not collected from or paid by the Optionee, as it may be considered a loan. In this case, the amount of any uncollected amounts may constitute a benefit to the Optionee on which additional income tax and National Insurance Contributions may be payable. The Optionee will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying the Company or the Employer for the value of any National Insurance Contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Company or the Employer may recover by any of the means referred to in Section 8 of the Agreement. 

51 ADDENDUM B OFFER OF STOCK OPTIONS TO AUSTRALIAN RESIDENT EMPLOYEES ESS OFFER DOCUMENT DANAHER CORPORATION 2007 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED Investment in shares involves a degree of risk. Optionees employed in Australia who receive awards pursuant to the Plan Australian Participants should monitor their participation and consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares and rights to receive shares under the Plan (as defined herein) as set out in this ESS Offer Document and the Additional Documents (as defined herein). The information or advice contained in this ESS Offer Document and the Additional Documents is general information only. It is not advice or information specific to the particular objectives, financial situation or needs of any individual employee. Before deciding to participate in the Plan, Australian Participants should consider obtaining their own financial product advice from an independent person who is licensed by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission to give advice regarding their participation in the Plan. 

53 OFFER OF STOCK OPTIONS TO AUSTRALIAN RESIDENT PARTICIPANTS DANAHER CORPORATION 2007 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED Danaher Corporation (the Company is pleased to provide you with this offer to participate in the Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated (the Plan ). This ESS Offer Document sets out information regarding the grant of Stock Options Options to Australian resident Employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Any capitalized term used in this ESS Offer Document shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 1. TERMS OF GRANT The terms of the grant of Options incorporate the Plan, this ESS Offer Document and the Option Agreement to which this ESS Offer Document is attached (each the Agreement ). By accepting a grant of Options, you will be bound by the terms of the Plan and the Agreement. This offer is being made under Division 1A of Part 7.12 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the Act ). For purposes of that Division, the Agreement is to be regarded as a part of this ESS Offer Document. Please note that if you offer any Shares for sale to a person or entity resident in Australia, your offer may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law. Please obtain legal advice on your disclosure obligations prior to making any such offer. 2. HOW CAN I ASCERTAIN THE CURRENT MARKET VALUE OF THE SHARES IN AUSTRALIAN DOLLARS You may ascertain the current market price of the Shares as traded on the New York Stock Exchange at http://www.nyse.com under the symbol DHR. The Australian dollar equivalent of that price can be obtained at: http://www.rba.gov.au/statistics/frequency/exchange-rates.html. This will not be a prediction of what the market price per share will be when the Options vest, Options are exercised, Shares are issued, or of the applicable exchange rate on the actual vesting date, exercise date, or date the Shares are issued. 3. WHAT ADDITIONAL RISK FACTORS APPLY TO AUSTRALIAN RESIDENTS PARTICIPATION IN THE PLAN? You should have regard to risk factors relevant to investment in securities generally and, in particular, to the holding of Shares. For example, the price at which Shares are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange may increase or decrease due to a number of factors. There is no guarantee that the price of the shares will increase. Factors which may affect the price of Shares include fluctuations in the domestic and international market for listed stocks, general economic conditions, including interest rates, inflation rates, commodity and oil prices, changes to government fiscal, monetary or regulatory policies; legislation or regulation, the nature of the markets in which the Company operates and general operational and business risks. 

54 In addition, you should be aware that the Australian dollar value of any Shares acquired at vesting or exercise will be affected by the U.S. dollar/Australian dollar exchange rate. Participation in the Plan involves certain risks related to fluctuations in this rate of exchange. More information about potential factors that could affect the Company s business and financial results are included in the Company s periodic reports that are submitted to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these reports are available at http://www.sec.gov/ and on the Company's investor relations website at http://investors.danaher.com/. 4. WHAT ARE AUSTRALIAN TAXATION CONSEQUENCES OF PARTICIPATION IN THE PLAN? This summary outlines the general tax treatment in Australia for Options that may be granted to you by the Company under the Plan. This summary reflects the law in force in Australia as of 1 December 2022. The information in this summary relates to the tax treatment of shares or rights to acquire shares provided under an employee share scheme granted on or after 1 July 2015. Please note that tax laws are complex and change frequently. As a result, the information contained in this summary may be out of date by the time you exercise Options, receive Shares, or sell Shares you acquire upon exercise of Options. The following information is a summary of the Australian tax consequences of participating in the Plan for an employee who is an Australian resident for tax purposes and employed in Australia at all material times. This summary does not deal with your taxation treatment if you are not an Australian resident or are a temporary resident of Australia for tax purposes, or if you cease to be Australian resident before the Options are exercised. Special Australian tax rules will apply to those employees, and you should seek specific professional advice based on your own circumstances. In addition, the information in this document is general in nature. It deals with the general employee position, and does not specifically deal with special circumstances (e.g., if you are eligible for or close to being eligible for retirement on the date of grant of the award). This summary is not intended to serve as tax or investment advice and does not discuss all of the various laws, rules and regulations that may apply. It may not apply to your particular tax or financial situation. The Company does not give personal tax or financial advice, nor can the Company assure the accuracy of the information contained herein. Therefore, the information contained herein should not be relied upon by you and is not intended to take the place of consulting with your personal tax advisor. (a) What is the effect of the Award of the Options? The Australian tax legislation contains specific rules, in Division 83A of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997, governing the taxation of shares and rights acquired by employees under employee share schemes (called ESS interests ). The Options granted under the Plan should be regarded as a right to acquire shares and accordingly, an ESS interest for these purposes. Your assessable income includes any discount in relation to the acquisition of an ESS interest at grant, unless the ESS interest is subject to a real risk of forfeiture or there is a statement in the Additional Documents that tax deferral is to apply, in which case you will be subject to deferred taxation. In the case of the Options, the real risk of forfeiture test requires that: (i) there must be a real risk that, under the conditions of the Plan, you will forfeit the Options or lose them (other than by disposing of them or in connection with the vesting of Options); or 

55 (ii) there must be a real risk that if your Options vest, under the conditions of the Plan, you will forfeit the resulting Shares or lose them other than by disposing of them. The terms of your Options are set out in the Option Agreement. It is understood that your Options will generally satisfy the real risk of forfeiture test and that you will be subject to deferred taxation (i.e., you generally should not be subject to tax when the Options are granted to you). In addition, the Options are non-transferrable and the relevant Agreement contains a statement that Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 applies to the Plan, which means that tax deferral is to apply. Accordingly, you should not be subject to tax when the Options are granted to you). (b) When will the taxable income from the Options under the Plan be recognized? You will be required to include an amount in your assessable income for the income year (i.e., the financial year ending 30 June) in which the earliest of the following events occurs in relation to the Options (the ESS deferred taxing point ). In addition to income taxes, this amount may also be subject to Medicare Levy and, if applicable, Medicare Levy surcharge. Your ESS deferred taxing point will be the earliest of the following: (i) when there are both no longer any genuine restrictions on the disposal of the Options and there is no real risk of you forfeiting the Options; (ii) when there is no real risk of you forfeiting the Shares acquired at vesting or exercise (as applicable) and there is no genuine restriction on the disposal of the underlying Shares (if such restrictions exist, the taxing point is delayed until they lift); and (iv) 15 years from the date the Options were granted. Generally, this means that you will be subject to tax when you exercise your Options or at the first time after exercise that any genuine restrictions on disposal of the resulting Shares cease to apply. Further, the ESS deferred taxing point for your Options will be moved to the time you sell the underlying Shares if you sell such Shares within 30 days of the original ESS deferred taxing point (i.e., typically within 30 days of vesting or exercise (as applicable)). If you sell the underlying Shares within 30 days of the original ESS deferred taxing point, you must report the income in the income year in which the sale occurs and not in the income year when the original ESS deferred taxing point occurs, if different. (c) What is the amount to be included in your assessable income if an ESS deferred taxing point occurs? The amount you must include in your assessable income in the income year in which the ESS deferred taxing point occurs in relation to your Options will be the difference between the market value of the underlying Shares at the ESS deferred taxing point and the cost basis of the Options (which should include the exercise price). If, however, you sell the underlying Shares in an arm s-length transaction (as generally will be the case provided the Shares are sold through the New York Stock Exchange) within 30 days of the ESS deferred taxing point (i.e., typically when the Options are exercised), the amount to be included in your assessable income in the income year in which the sale occurs will be equal to the difference between the sale proceeds and the cost basis of the Options (which should include the exercise price and any incidental costs of sale, e.g., brokerage costs). 

56 (d) What is the market value of the underlying Shares? The market value of the underlying Shares at the ESS deferred taxing point is determined according to the ordinary meaning of market value, expressed in Australian currency. The Company will determine the market value in accordance with the applicable guidelines prepared by the Australian Tax Office. Since the Shares are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the market value generally will be based on the closing trading price of the Shares on the New York Stock Exchange on the applicable date. The Company has the obligation to provide you with certain information about your participation in the Plan at certain times, including after the end of the income year in which the ESS deferred taxing point occurs. This may assist you in determining the market value of the underlying Shares. However, this estimate may not be correct if you sell the Shares within 30 days of the exercise date, in which case it is your responsibility to report and pay the appropriate amount of tax based on the sale proceeds. (e) When do I recognize taxable income from dividends? You will be subject to income tax on any dividends you receive on the Shares you acquire under the Plan. You will be personally responsible for directly paying and reporting any tax liabilities attributable to dividends to the local tax authorities. Dividends paid will be subject to U.S. income tax withholding at source. You may be able to claim a reduced rate of U.S. federal income tax withholding on such dividends as a resident of a country with which the U.S. has an income tax treaty. You must have a properly completed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN on file in order to claim the treaty benefit. You also may be entitled to a tax offset in Australia for the U.S. federal income tax withheld. (f) On the date of sale of Shares acquired under the Plan, am I required to recognize a taxable gain or loss upon sale of the Shares? If so, How is the gain/loss calculated? What is the character of the gain? Is the gain subject to taxation at the same rates as ordinary income or at a preferential rate? Shares sold within 30 days of the Original ESS Deferred Taxing Point: If the Shares are sold within 30 days of the date of the original ESS deferred taxing point (e.g., cessation of employment, vesting or exercise, as the case may be), any gain realized is subject to income tax on the sales proceeds of the Shares sold less the cost base of the Shares (which should include any incremental costs you incur in connection with the sale (e.g., brokers fees, and should include the exercise price for Options)) and therefore no capital gains tax is due. Shares held more than 30 days after the ESS Deferred Taxing Point: If the Shares are sold more than 30 days after the ESS deferred taxing point (e.g., exercise), an additional tax liability may arise on the subsequent disposal of Shares acquired from the Options to the extent such Shares are sold at a gain. Any capital gain is calculated as the sales proceeds (assuming the sale of the Shares occurs in an arm s length transaction, as generally will be the case provided the Shares are sold through the New York Stock Exchange) less the cost base (which should include the market value of the Shares at the ESS deferred taxing point plus any incremental costs you incur in connection with the sale (e.g., brokers fees)). 

57 The amount of any capital gain you realize must be included in your assessable income for the year in which the Shares are sold. However, if you hold the Shares for at least one (1) year prior to selling (excluding the dates you acquired and sold the Shares), you may be able to apply a discount to the amount of capital gain that you are required to include in your assessable income. If this discount is available, you may calculate the amount of capital gain to be included in your assessable income by first subtracting all available capital losses from your capital gains and then multiplying each capital gain by the discount percentage of 50 . Tax on the capital gain will be payable at progressive income tax rates, plus the Medicare Levy and, if applicable, surcharge. If the sale proceeds (where the disposal is an arm s length transaction) of the Shares at the time of disposal is less than the cost base of the Shares, then a capital loss equal to the difference will be available to offset same-year or future-year capital gains. That is, a capital loss cannot be used to offset other income (including salary and wage income). (g) Withholding and Reporting You are responsible for reporting on your tax return and paying any tax liability in connection with your participation in the Plan. Your employer will be required to withhold tax due on the Options only if you have not provided your Tax File Number or Australian Business Number (as applicable) to your employer. However, the Company or your employer must provide you (no later than 14 July after the end of the year) and the Commissioner of Taxation (no later than 14 August after the end of the year) with a statement containing certain information about your participation in the Plan in the income year when the ESS deferred taxing point occurs (typically, in the year of vesting or exercise (as applicable)), including an estimate of the market value of the underlying Shares at the taxing point. Please note, however, that, if you sell the Shares within 30 days of the original ESS deferred taxing point, your taxing point will be moved to the date of disposal and, if your employer is not aware of the sale, the amount reported by your employer may differ from your actual taxable amount (which would be based on the value of the Shares when sold, rather than at the ESS deferred taxing point). You will be responsible for determining this amount and calculating your tax accordingly. It is your responsibility to report and pay any tax liability on any dividends received. Tax will not be withheld by either the Company or your employer. 5. U.S. TAXATION CONSEQUENCES OF PARTICIPATION IN THE PLAN Employees (who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents) will not be subject to U.S. tax by reason only of the grant of Options, the acquisition of Shares at exercise (as applicable) or the sale of Shares. However, liability for U.S. taxes may accrue if an employee is otherwise subject to U.S. taxes. The above is an indication only of the likely U.S. taxation consequences for Australian employees awarded Options under the Plan. You should seek your own advice as to the U.S. taxation consequences of your Plan participation. 6. STATUTORY TERMS AND CONDITIONS As noted above, this offer is being made under Division 1A of Part 7.12 of the Act. To comply with that Division, the following terms are included in this ESS Offer Document: 

58 A. Application Period This offer remains open until 60 days from the date of receiving this ESS Offer Document (the Application Period ). You may accept this offer at any time up until then. B. Acquisition of Options You cannot acquire any Options and purchase any Shares until at least 14 days after receiving this ESS Offer Document. Accordingly, no such acquisition will occur until the 14th day after receiving this ESS Offer Document. C Terms Relating to Disclosure This offer is also subject to the following terms relating to disclosure: (a) this ESS Offer Document and the terms of the offer: (i) must not include a misleading or deceptive statement; and (ii) must not omit any information that would result in this document or terms of the offer being misleading or deceptive; (b) the Company must provide you with an updated ESS Offer Document as soon as practicable after becoming aware that the document that was provided has become out of date, or is otherwise not correct, in a material respect; (c) each person mentioned in items 2, 3 and 4 of the table below must notify, in writing, the Company as soon as practicable if, during the Application Period, the person becomes aware that: (i) a material statement in the documents mentioned in paragraph (a) is misleading or deceptive; or (ii) information was omitted from any of those documents that has resulted in one or more of those documents being misleading or deceptive; or (iii) a new circumstance has arisen during the Application Period which means the ESS Offer Document is out of date, or otherwise not correct, in a material respect; and (d) if you suffer loss or damage because of a contravention of a term of the offer covered by paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above, you can recover the amount of loss or damage in accordance with the table below. For the purposes of paragraph (d) above, an ESS participant must be able to recover loss or damage in accordance with the following table: Item You may recover loss or damage suffered as a result of a contravention of from these people... 1 a term of the offer covered by any of the following paragraphs: paragraph (a) (misleading or deceptive statements and omissions); paragraph (b) (out of date ESS Offer Document) the Company 2 a term of the offer covered by any of the following paragraphs: paragraph (a) (misleading or deceptive statements and omissions); paragraph (b) (out of date ESS Offer Document) each director of the Company 3 a term of the offer covered by any of the following paragraphs: paragraph (a) (misleading or deceptive statements and omissions); a person named, with their consent, in an ESS Offer Document or the terms of the offer as a proposed director of the Company 

59 paragraph (b) (out of date ESS Offer Document) 4 a term of the offer covered by paragraph (a) (misleading or deceptive statements and omissions) a person named, with their consent, in the ESS Offer Document or the terms of the offer as having made: the misleading or deceptive statement; or a statement on which the misleading or deceptive statement is based 5 a term of the offer covered by paragraph (c) (failure to notify the Company of misleading or deceptive statement and omissions or new circumstances) the person mentioned in item 2, 3 or 4 of this table who failed to notify the Company in accordance with the term covered by paragraph (c) D Exclusions from Liability A person mentioned in the table in section C above is not liable for any loss or damage suffered by you because of a contravention of a term of the offer covered by paragraph (a) or (b) of section C above if: (a) the person: (i) made all inquiries (if any) that were reasonable in the circumstances; and (ii) after doing so, believed on reasonable grounds that the statement was not misleading or deceptive; or (b) the person did not know that the statement was misleading or deceptive; or (c) the person placed reasonable reliance on information given to the person by: (i) if the person is a body corporate or a responsible entity of a registered scheme - someone other than a director, employee or agent of the body corporate or responsible entity; or (ii) if the person is an individual someone other than an employee or agent of the individual; or (d) for a person mentioned in column 2 of item 3 or 4 of the table in section C above - the person proves that they publicly withdrew their consent to being named in the document in that way; or (e) the contravention arose because of a new circumstance that has arisen since the ESS Offer Document was prepared and the person proves that they were not aware of the matter. You are urged to carefully review the information contained in this ESS Offer Document and the Additional Documents. If you have any questions regarding these materials, please contact your HR Department. DANAHER CORPORATION 

60 ADDENDUM C EMPLOYER INFORMATION STATEMENT DENMARK STOCK OPTION GRANT EMPLOYER STATEMENT Danaher Corporation (hereinafter the Company must in accordance with the Danish Act on the use of purchase rights or subscription rights to shares etc. in employment relationships (hereinafter the Act ), provide you with the following information regarding the grant of stock options and/or restricted stock units (hereinafter the Grant which you have received under the Danaher Corporation Incentive Program. . This statement contains only the information set out in section 3(1) of the Act. The terms of the Grant are described in detail in the Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and in applicable award agreement relating to your award (hereinafter the Agreement 1. Date of the grant The grant date of your award is set forth in the Agreement of which this statement forms a part. 2. Terms of the grant The Grant is determined solely at the discretion of the Board (or the relevant board Committee). In its assessment, the Board (or the relevant board committee) has considered several factors, including your personal performance. Regardless of your personal performance and the Company's future prospects, the Company may decide unilaterally and in its sole discretion, not to grant options and/or restricted stock units to you in the future. Pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, you are not entitled and have no claim to receive future options and/or restricted stock units as a consequence of the Grant. 3. Exercise date Options and restricted stock units granted under the Plan are governed by the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and the applicable Agreement. 4. Exercise price With respect to any award of stock options, during the exercise period, the options may be exercised to purchase shares in the Company at the exercise price specified in the applicable Agreement. With respect to any award of restricted stock units, you do not have to pay any exercise fee when the restricted stock units have vested, and the shares are issued/transferred to you. 5. Your rights upon termination of employment Your rights upon termination of employment are set out in the Plan and the Agreement, which contain the terms for your options and RSUs in connection with disability, death, retirement, termination for gross misconduct and other terminations . 

61 6. Financial aspects of participation in the Program The Grant may have no immediate fiscal impact for you. The value of the rights which you have been granted under the Agreement, including the value of any shares that you purchase through exercising stock options and any shares issued pursuant to restricted stock units, are not taken into account when calculating holiday allowance, holiday supplement or other supplements or compensations stipulated by law, which are calculated in full or in part on the basis of the salary. Shares are financial instruments and investing in shares always involves a financial risk. The possibility of making a profit at the time you sell your shares depends on the Company's financial performance and its future prospects, as well as other factors such as the general economic situation and the situation in the financial markets. The value of any of the Company's ordinary shares that you purchase by exercising the share option, or receive as a result of restrictive stock units, can go both up and down. Previously achieved results of the Company s ordinary shares do not necessarily reflect how they will perform in the future. There are no guarantees that a share which you purchase by exercising the share option, or the granted restrictive stock units, will increase in value or retain the value that it had when it was purchased/granted. You are ultimately responsible for compliance with the obligations in regard to income tax, social insurances, or other tax withholdings (hereinafter Tax-related matters in connection with the Grant or the exercise thereof. By accepting the Grant, you simultaneously give permission for the Company and its subsidiaries to withhold all applicable Tax-related matters that you are legally obligated to pay of your salary or other compensation paid to you by the Company or its subsidiaries, or by proceeds from the sale of shares. 

62 ARBEJDSGIVERERKL RING Danaher Corporation (herefter Selskabet skal, i overensstemmelse med den danske Lov om brug af k beret eller tegningsret til aktier m.v. i ans ttelsesforhold (herefter Loven ), tilvejebringe Dem f lgende oplysninger ang ende tildeling af aktieoptioner og/eller betingede aktieenheder (herefter Tildelingen ), som De har modtaget i henhold til Danaher Corporations incitamentsprogram. Denne erkl ring indeholder kun de oplysninger, der st r i paragraf 3, stk. 1, i Loven. Vilk rene for Tildelingen er beskrevet detaljeret i Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan (herefter Programmet og i den relevant aftale om tildeling (herefter Aftalen ). 1. Tildelingstidspunkt Tildelingsdatoen for Deres tildeling er fastsat i Aftalen, som denne erkl ring udg r en del af. 2. Vilk r for tildelinger Tildelingen er vedtaget alene efter Bestyrelsens sk n (eller den relevante bestyrelseskomit s). Bestyrelsen (eller den relevante bestyrelseskomit har i sin bed mmelse overvejet en r kke faktorer, herunder Deres personlige pr stationer. Uagtet Deres personlige pr station og Selskabets fremtidsudsigter kan Selskabet beslutte, alene og efter eget sk n, ikke at tildele aktieoptioner og/eller betingede aktieenheder til Dem i fremtiden. I henhold til betingelserne i Programmet og Aftalen har De hverken ret til eller krav p at modtage fremtidige aktieoptioner og/eller betingede aktieenheder i medf r af Tildelingen. 3. Udnyttelsesdato Optioner og betingede aktieenheder, der er tildelt i henhold til Programmet, er reguleret af de betingelser, der er angivet i Programmet og i Aftalen. 4. Udnyttelsespris Med hensyn til tildeling af aktieoptioner, kan optionerne i udnyttelsesperioden udnyttes for at k be aktier i Selskabet til den udnyttelsespris, der er angivet i Aftalen. Med hensyn til tildeling af betingede aktieenheder skal De ikke betale noget udnyttelsesvederlag, n r de betingede aktieenheder vester (modnes) og aktier udstedes/overdrages til Dem. 5. Deres rettigheder ved ans ttelsens oph r Deres rettigheder ved ans ttelsens oph r er beskrevet i Programmet og Aftalen, som indeholder vilk r om Deres aktieoptioner og aktieenheder i tilf lde af uarbejdsdygtighed, d dsfald, pensionering, grov misligholdelse samt anden oph r af ans ttelsen. 6. konomiske aspekter ved deltagelse i Programmet Tildelingen har n ppe umiddelbar konomisk betydning for Dem. V rdien af de rettigheder, som De har under Aftalen, herunder v rdien af aktier, som De k ber gennem udnyttelse af aktieoptioner, samt aktier udstedt i henhold til betingede aktieenheder, tages der ikke hensyn til, n r der skal beregnes feriegodtg relse, ferietill g eller andre till g eller kompensationer fastsat ved lov, som helt eller delvist udm les p baggrund af l nnen. 

63 Aktier er finansielle instrumenter, og en investering i aktier indeb rer altid en konomisk risiko. Muligheden for fortjeneste p det tidspunkt, De s lger Deres aktier, afh nger af Selskabets konomiske pr station og dets fremtidsudsigter samt andre faktorer som f.eks. den generelle konomiske situation og situationen i de finansielle markeder. V rdien af hvilke som helst af Selskabets ordin re aktier, som De k ber ved at udnytte aktieoptionen, eller f r som f lge af betingede aktieenheder, kan g b de op og ned. Selskabets ordin re aktiers tidligere opn ede resultater siger ikke n dvendigvis noget om, hvordan de klarer sig fremover. Der udstedes ikke nogen garantier om, at en aktie, De k ber ved at udnytte aktieoptionen, eller de tildelte betingede aktieenheder, stiger i v rdi eller bevarer den v rdi, som den havde, da den blev k bt/tildelt. De er i sidste instans ansvarlig for overholdelse af forpligtelsen mht. indkomstskat, sociale forsikringer eller andre skattem ssige tilbageholdelser (herefter Skatterelaterede forhold i forbindelse med Tildelingen eller udnyttelsen heraf. Ved accept af Tildelingen giver De tilladelse til, at Selskabet og dets datterselskaber tilbageholder alle g ldende Skatterelaterede forhold, som De er juridisk forpligtiget til at betale ud af Deres l n eller af anden kompensation, som er udbetalt til Dem af Selskabet eller dets datterselskaber, eller af provenu fra aktiesalget. 

64 ADDENDUM D PERSONAL DATA (PRIVACY) ORDINANCE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION STATEMENT HONG KONG As part of its responsibilities in relation to the collection, holding, processing or use of the personal data of employees under the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, the Danaher Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company and the Optionee s Hong Kong employer, as applicable, (the Hong Kong Employer hereby is providing the Optionee with the following information. Purpose From time to time, it is necessary for the Optionee to provide the Company and the Hong Kong Employer with the Optionee's Personal Information for purposes related to the Optionee s employment and the grant of equity compensation awards by the Company to the Optionee under the Plan, as amended and restated and any other equity compensation plan that may be established by the Company (collectively, the Plan ), as well as managing the Optionee s ongoing participation in the Plan and for other purposes directly relating thereunder. Transfer of Personal Data Personal data will be kept confidential but, subject to the provisions of any applicable law, may be: made available to appropriate persons at the Company around the world (and the Optionee hereby consents to the transfer of the Optionee s data outside of Hong Kong); supplied to any agent, contractor or third party who provides administrative or other services to the Company and/or the Hong Kong Employer or elsewhere and who has a duty of confidentiality (examples of such persons include, but are not limited to, any third party brokers or administrators engaged by the Company in relation to the Plan, external auditors, trustees, insurance companies, actuaries and any consultants/agents appointed by the Company and/or the Hong Kong Employer to plan, provide and/or administer employee benefits and awards granted under the Plan); disclosed to any government departments or other appropriate governmental or regulatory authorities in Hong Kong or elsewhere such as the Inland Revenue Department and the Labour Department; made available to any actual or proposed purchaser of all or part of the business of the Company or the Hong Kong Employer, in the case of any merger, acquisition or other public offering, the purchaser or subscriber for shares in the Company or the Hong Kong Employer; and made available to third parties in the form of marketing materials and/or directories identifying the names, office telephone numbers, email addresses and/or other contact information for key officers, senior employees and their secretaries, assistants and support staff of the Company or the Hong Kong Employer for promotional and administrative purposes. Transfer of the Optionee's Personal Information in connection with the Plan will only be made for one or more of the purposes specified above. 

65 Access and Correction of Personal Data Under the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, the Optionee has the right to ascertain whether the Hong Kong Employer holds the Optionee's Personal Information, to obtain a copy of the data, and to correct any data that is inaccurate. The Optionee may also request the Hong Kong Employer to inform the Optionee of the type of personal data that it holds. Requests for access and correction or for information regarding policies and practices and kinds of data in connection with the Plan should be addressed in writing to: Danaher s Corporate Compensation department at the headquarters address of Danaher Corporation set forth above A small fee may be charged to offset our administrative costs in complying with the Optionee s access requests. Nothing in this statement shall limit the rights of the Optionee under the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance. The Optionee s signature set forth on the signature page of this Agreement represents the Optionee s acknowledgement of the terms contained herein. 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 6
 ex107-rsuagreement.htm
 EX-10.7

ex107-rsuagreement 

Exhibit 10.7 1 DANAHER CORPORATION 2007 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, As Amended and Restated (the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement ). I. NOTICE OF GRANT Name: Employee ID: The undersigned Participant has been granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows (each of the following capitalized terms are defined terms having the meaning indicated below): Date of Grant Number of Restricted Stock Units Time-Based Vesting Criteria ___________________________ II. AGREEMENT 1. Grant of RSUs. Danaher Corporation (the Company hereby grants to the Participant named in this Grant Notice (the Participant ), an Award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs to acquire the number of shares of Common Stock (the Shares set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. 2. Vesting. (a) Vesting Schedule. Except as may otherwise be set forth in this Agreement or in the Plan, with respect to each Tranche of RSUs granted under this Agreement (a Tranche consists of all RSUs as to which the Time-Based Vesting Criteria are scheduled to be satisfied on the same date), the Tranche shall not vest unless the Participant continues to be actively employed with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary for the period required to satisfy the Time-Based Vesting Criteria applicable to such Tranche (the date on which the Time-Based Vesting Criteria applicable to a Tranche are scheduled to be satisfied is the Time-Based Vesting Date ). Vesting shall be determined separately for each Tranche. The Time-Based Vesting Criteria applicable to any Tranche are referred to as Vesting Conditions, and the date upon which all Vesting Conditions applicable to that Tranche are satisfied is referred to as the Vesting Date for such Tranche. The Vesting Conditions shall be established by the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (or by one or more members of Company management, if such power has been delegated in accordance with the Plan and applicable law) and reflected in the account maintained for the Participant by an external third party administrator of the RSUs. Further, during any approved leave of absence (and without limiting the application of any other rules governing leaves of absence that the Committee may approve from time to time pursuant to the Plan), to the extent permitted 

2 by applicable law, the Committee shall have discretion to provide that the vesting of the RSUs shall be frozen as of the first day of the leave (or as of any subsequent day during such leave, as applicable) and shall not resume until and unless the Participant returns to active employment. (b) Fractional RSU Vesting. In the event the Participant is vested in a fractional portion of an RSU (a Fractional Portion ), such Fractional Portion will be rounded up and converted into a whole Share and issued to the Participant; provided that to the extent rounding a fractional Share up would result in the imposition of either (i) individual tax and penalty interest charges imposed under Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 409A ), or (ii) adverse tax consequences if the Participant is located outside of the United States, the fractional Share will be rounded down without the payment of any consideration in respect of such fractional Share. (c) Addenda. The provisions of Addendum A, Addendum B and Addendum C (collectively, the Addenda ), are incorporated by reference herein and made a part of this Agreement. To the extent any provision in the Addenda conflicts with any provision set forth elsewhere in this Agreement (including without limitation any provisions relating to Retirement), the provision set forth in the Addenda shall control. 3. Form and Timing of Payment; Conditions to Issuance of Shares. (a) Form and Timing of Payment. The Award of RSUs represents the right to receive a number of Shares equal to the number of RSUs that vest pursuant to the Vesting Conditions. Unless and until the RSUs have vested in the manner set forth in Sections 2 and 4, the Participant shall have no right to payment of any such RSUs. Prior to actual issuance of any Shares underlying the RSUs, such RSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. Subject to the other terms of the Plan and this Agreement, with respect to any Tranche that vests in accordance with Sections 2 and 4, the underlying Shares will be paid to the Participant in whole Shares within 90 days of the Vesting Date for that Tranche. The Shares shall not be issued under the Plan unless the issuance and delivery of such Shares comply with (or are exempt from) all applicable requirements of law, including (without limitation) the Securities Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws and regulations, and the regulations of any stock exchange or other securities market on which the Company s securities may then be traded. The Committee may require the Participant to take any reasonable action in order to comply with any such rules or regulations. (b) Acknowledgment of Potential Securities Law Restrictions. Unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covers the Shares issued upon vesting of an RSU, the Committee may require that the Participant agree in writing to acquire such Shares for investment and not for public resale or distribution, unless and until the Shares subject to the RSUs are registered under the Securities Act. The Committee may also require the Participant to acknowledge that the Participant shall not sell or transfer such Shares except in compliance with all applicable laws, and may apply such other restrictions as it deems appropriate. The Participant acknowledges that the U.S. federal securities laws prohibit trading in the stock of the Company by persons who are in possession of material, non-public information, and also acknowledges and understands the other restrictions set forth in the Company s Insider Trading Policy. 4. Termination. (a) General. In the event the Participant s active employment or other active service- providing relationship, as applicable, with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates (the date of any such termination is referred to as the Termination Date for any reason (other than death, Early Retirement or Normal Retirement) whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant 

3 of the RSUs, all RSUs that are unvested as of the Termination Date shall automatically terminate as of the Termination Date and the Participant s right to receive further RSUs under the Plan shall also terminate as of the Termination Date. The Committee shall have discretion to determine whether the Participant has ceased to be actively employed by (or, if the Participant is a consultant or director, has ceased actively providing services to) the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary, and the effective date on which such active employment (or active service-providing relationship, as applicable) terminated. The Participant s active employer-employee or other active service-providing relationship, as applicable, will not be extended by any notice period mandated under applicable law (e.g., active employment shall not include a period of garden leave, paid administrative leave or similar period pursuant to applicable law). Unless the Committee provides otherwise (1) termination of the Participant s employment will include instances in which the Participant is terminated and immediately rehired as an independent contractor, and (2) the spin-off, sale, or disposition of the Participant s employer from the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary (whether by transfer of shares, assets or otherwise) such that the Participant s employer no longer constitutes an Eligible Subsidiary will constitute a termination of employment or service. (b) Death. In the event the Participant s active employment or other active service- providing relationship with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates as a result of death, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the RSUs, the Participant s estate will become vested in a pro rata amount of each unvested Tranche based on the number of complete twelve-month periods between the Date of Grant and the date of the Participant s death divided by the total number of twelve-month periods between the Date of Grant and the Time-Based Vesting Date applicable to such Tranche. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, for purposes of this Section, any partial twelve-month period between the Date of Grant and the date of death shall be considered a complete twelve-month period and any Fractional Portion that results from applying the pro rata methodology shall be rounded up to a whole Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, upon termination of employment by reason of the Participant s death, if as of the date of death the Participant also qualifies for Early Retirement or Normal Retirement as reflected below, the Participant s estate shall be entitled to the most favorable terms of both applicable termination provisions. (c) Retirement. (i) Upon termination of employment (or other active service-providing relationship, as applicable) by reason of the Participant s Early Retirement, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Committee either initially or subsequent to the grant of RSUs, the unvested portion of the RSUs held by the Participant for at least six (6) months prior to the Early Retirement date will continue to vest in accordance with Section 2. (ii) Upon termination of employment (or other active service-providing relationship) by reason of the Participant s Normal Retirement, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Committee either initially or subsequent to the grant of the RSUs, the unvested portion of the RSUs held by the Participant for at least six (6) months prior to the Normal Retirement date will continue to vest in accordance with Section 2. (d) Gross Misconduct. If the Participant s employment with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary is terminated for Gross Misconduct as determined by the Administrator, the Administrator in its sole discretion may provide that all, or any portion specified by the Administrator, of the Participant s unvested RSUs shall automatically terminate as of the time of termination without consideration. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s termination of employment shall also be deemed to be a termination of employment by reason of the Participant s Gross Misconduct 

4 if, after the Participant s employment has terminated, facts and circumstances are discovered or confirmed by the Company that would have justified a termination for Gross Misconduct. (e) Violation of Post-Termination Covenant. To the extent that any of the Participant s RSUs remain outstanding under the terms of the Plan or this Agreement after the Termination Date, such RSUs shall expire as of the date the Participant violates any covenant not to compete or other post-termination covenant that exists between the Participant on the one hand and the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, on the other hand. (f) Substantial Corporate Change. Upon a Substantial Corporate Change, the Participant s unvested RSUs will terminate unless provision is made in writing in connection with such transaction for the assumption or continuation of the RSUs, or the substitution for such RSUs of any options or grants covering the stock or securities of a successor employer corporation, or a parent or subsidiary of such successor, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares of stock and prices, in which event the RSUs will continue in the manner and under the terms so provided. 5. Non-Transferability of RSUs. Unless the Committee determines otherwise in advance in writing, RSUs may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the applicable laws of descent or distribution. The terms of the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs and permitted successors and assigns of the Participant. 6. Amendment of RSUs or Plan. (a) The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Participant expressly warrants that the Participant is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. The Board may amend, modify or terminate the Plan or the RSUs in any respect at any time; provided, however, that modifications to this Agreement or the Plan that materially and adversely affect the Participant s rights hereunder can be made only in an express written contract signed by the Company and the Participant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Agreement and the Participant s rights under outstanding RSUs as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Participant, (1) upon a Substantial Corporate Change, (2) as required by law, or (3) to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection with the RSUs. (b) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that if the Participant changes classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee the Committee may in its sole discretion reduce or eliminate the Participant s unvested RSUs. 7. Tax Obligations. (a) Withholding Taxes. Regardless of any action the Company or any Eligible Subsidiary employing the Participant (the Employer takes with respect to any or all federal, state, local or foreign income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax related-items Tax- Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax Related-Items associated with the RSUs is and remains the Participant s responsibility and that the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Related-Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSUs, the delivery of Shares, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends or dividend 

5 equivalents; and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax Related-Items. Further, if the Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Related-Items in more than one jurisdiction. (i) This Section 7(a)(i) shall apply to the Participant only if the Participant is not subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the date the relevant RSU first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for purposes of Tax Related-Items. The Participant shall, no later than the date as of which the value of an RSU first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for purposes of Tax Related-Items, pay to the Company and/or the Employer, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment of, all Tax Related-Items required by applicable law to be withheld by the Company and/or the Employer with respect to the RSU. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be conditional on the making of such payments or arrangements, and the Company and/or the Employer shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, have the right to deduct any such Tax Related-Items from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant. The Company shall have the right to require the Participant to remit to the Company an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any applicable withholding requirements related thereto. With the approval of the Administrator, the Participant may satisfy the foregoing requirement by either (i) electing to have the Company withhold from delivery of Shares or (ii) delivering already owned unrestricted Shares, in each case, having a value up to the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld in the applicable jurisdiction (or such other rate that will not cause adverse accounting consequences for the Company). Any such Shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date as of which the amount of Tax Related-Items to be withheld is determined. Such an election may be made with respect to all or any portion of the Shares to be delivered pursuant to the RSUs. The Company may also use any other method or combination of methods of obtaining the necessary payment or proceeds, as permitted by applicable law, to satisfy its withholding obligation with respect to any RSU. (ii) This Section 7(a)(ii) shall apply to the Participant only if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the date the relevant RSU first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for purposes of Tax Related-Items. All Tax Related-Items legally payable by the Participant in respect of the RSUs shall be satisfied by the Company, withholding a number of the Shares that would otherwise be delivered to the Participant upon the vesting or settlement of the RSUs with a Fair Market Value, determined as of the date of the relevant taxable event, equal to the minimum statutory withholding amount that applies to the Participant, rounded up to the nearest whole share Net Settlement ). The Net Settlement mechanism described in this paragraph was approved by the Committee prior to the Date of Grant in a manner intended to constitute approval in advance by the Committee for purposes of Rule 16b3-(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (iii) If the obligation for Tax Related-Items is satisfied by net settlement, for tax purposes, the Participant shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares issued upon vesting of the RSUs notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax Related-Items. (b) Code Section 409A. Payments made pursuant to the Plan and this Agreement are intended to qualify for an exemption from or comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan and/or this Agreement to ensure that all RSUs granted to Participants who are United States taxpayers are made in such a manner that either qualifies for exemption from or complies with Section 409A; provided, however, that the Company makes no representations that the Plan or the RSUs shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes 

6 no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Plan or any RSUs granted thereunder. If this Agreement fails to meet the requirements of Section 409A, neither the Company nor any of its Eligible Subsidiaries shall have any liability for any tax, penalty or interest imposed on the Participant by Section 409A, and the Participant shall have no recourse against the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries for payment of any such tax, penalty or interest imposed by Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, these provisions shall apply to any payments and benefits otherwise payable to or provided to the Participant under this Agreement. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment (as defined by Section 409A) made under this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment. In addition, for purposes of Section 409A, payments shall be deemed exempt from the definition of deferred compensation under Section 409A to the fullest extent possible under (i) the short-term deferral exemption of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4), and (ii) (with respect to amounts paid as separation pay no later than the second calendar year following the calendar year containing the Participant s separation from service (as defined for purposes of Section 409A)) the two years/two-times involuntary separation pay exemption of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), which are hereby incorporated by reference. For purposes of making a payment under this Agreement, if any amount is payable as a result of a Substantial Corporate Change, such event must also constitute a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. If the Participant is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A (and as applied according to procedures of the Company and its Subsidiaries) as of the Participant s separation from service, to the extent any payment under this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation (after taking into account any applicable exemptions from Section 409A), and such payment is payable by reason of a separation from service, then to the extent required by Section 409A, no payments due under this Agreement may be made until the earlier of: (i) the first day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service, or (ii) the Participant s date of death; provided, however, that any payments delayed during this six-month period shall be paid in the aggregate in a lump sum, without interest, on the first day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service. 8. Rights as Shareholder. Until all requirements for vesting of the RSUs pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan have been satisfied, the Participant shall not be deemed to be a shareholder of the Company, and shall have no dividend rights or voting rights with respect to the RSUs or any Shares underlying or issuable in respect of such RSUs until such Shares are actually issued to the Participant. 9. No Employment Contract. Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement constitutes an employment or service contract between the Company and the Participant and this Agreement shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continuation of employment or service with the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries, nor shall this Agreement interfere in any way with the Company s or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries right to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time, with or without cause (subject to any employment or service agreement the Participant may otherwise have with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary thereof and/or applicable law). 10. Board Authority. The Board and/or the Committee shall have the power to interpret this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of this Agreement as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether any RSUs have vested). All interpretations and determinations made by the Board and/or the Committee in good faith shall be final and binding upon the Participant, the Company and all 

7 other interested persons and such determinations of the Board and/or the Committee do not have to be uniform nor do they have to consider whether the Participants are similarly situated. 11. Headings. The captions used in this Agreement and the Plan are inserted for convenience and shall not be deemed to be a part of the RSUs for construction and interpretation. 12. Electronic Delivery. (a) If the Participant executes this Agreement electronically, for the avoidance of doubt, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s execution of this Agreement electronically (through an on-line system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company, or otherwise) shall have the same binding legal effect as would execution of this Agreement in paper form. The Participant acknowledges that upon request of the Company the Participant shall also provide an executed, paper form of this Agreement. (b) If the Participant executes this Agreement in paper form, for the avoidance of doubt the parties acknowledge and agree that it is their intent that any agreement previously or subsequently entered into between the parties that is executed electronically shall have the same binding legal effect as if such agreement were executed in paper form. (c) If the Participant executes this Agreement multiple times (for example, if the Participant first executes this Agreement in electronic form and subsequently executes this Agreement in paper form), the Participant acknowledges and agrees that (i) no matter how many versions of this Agreement are executed and in whatever medium, this Agreement only evidences a single Award relating to the number of RSUs set forth in the Grant Notice and (ii) this Agreement shall be effective as of the earliest execution of this Agreement by the parties, whether in paper form or electronically, and the subsequent execution of this Agreement in the same or a different medium shall in no way impair the binding legal effect of this Agreement as of the time of original execution. (d) The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver by electronic means any documents related to the RSUs, to participation in the Plan, or to future awards granted under the Plan, or otherwise required to be delivered to the Participant pursuant to the Plan or under applicable law, including but not limited to, the Plan, this Agreement, the Plan prospectus and any reports of the Company generally provided to shareholders. Such means of electronic delivery may include, but do not necessarily include, the delivery of a link to the Company s intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of documents via electronic mail e-mail or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. By executing this Agreement, the Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery. At the Participant s written request to the Secretary of the Company, the Company shall provide a paper copy of any document at no cost to the Participant. 13. Data Privacy. The Company is located at 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., 20037, United States of America and grants RSUs under the Plan to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries in its sole discretion. In conjunction with the Company s grant of the RSUs under the Plan and its ongoing administration of such awards, the Company is providing the following information about its data collection, processing and transfer practices Personal Data Activities ). In accepting the grant of the RSUs, the Participant expressly and explicitly consents to the Personal Data Activities as described herein. (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage. The Company collects, processes and uses the Participant's personal data, including the Participant s name, home address, email address, and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance/passport number or other identification number (e.g. 

8 resident registration number), salary, citizenship, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of all RSUs or any other equity compensation awards granted, canceled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or the Employer Personal Information ). In granting the RSUs under the Plan, the Company will collect the Participant's Personal Information for purposes of allocating Shares and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for the collection, processing and usage of the Participant's Personal Information is the Participant s consent. (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider. The Company transfers the Participant's Personal Information to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share the Participant's Personal Information with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition to the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. (c) International Data Transfers. The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States. The Participant should note that the Participant s country of residence may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from the United States. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of the Participant's Personal Information to the United States is the Participant s consent. (d) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal. The Participant s participation in the Plan and the Participant s grant of consent is purely voluntary. The Participant may deny or withdraw the Participant s consent at any time. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later withdraws the Participant s consent, the Participant may be unable to participate in the Plan. This would not affect the Participant s existing employment or salary; instead, the Participant merely may forfeit the opportunities associated with the Plan. (e) Data Subject Rights. The Participant may have a number of rights under the data privacy laws in the Participant s country of residence. For example, the Participant s rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of personal data the Company processes, (ii) request rectification of incorrect data, (iii) request deletion of data, (iv) place restrictions on processing, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s country of residence, and/or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Participant's Personal Information. To receive clarification regarding the Participant s rights or to exercise the Participant s rights, the Participant should contact the Participant s local human resources department. 14. Waiver of Right to Jury Trial. EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WAIVES ANY RIGHT OR EXPECTATION AGAINST THE OTHER TO TRIAL OR ADJUDICATION BY A JURY OF ANY CLAIM, CAUSE OR ACTION ARISING WITH RESPECT TO THE RSUS OR HEREUNDER, OR THE RIGHTS, DUTIES OR LIABILITIES CREATED HEREBY. 15. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 16. Governing Law and Venue. The laws of the State of Delaware (other than its choice of law provisions) shall govern this Agreement and its interpretation. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises with respect to the RSUs, this Agreement or the Plan, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the 

9 jurisdiction of the State of Delaware, and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of New Castle County, or the United States Federal court for the District of Delaware, and no other courts; and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning or arising from such dispute which is brought in any such court is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any claim under the Plan, this Agreement or the RSUs must be commenced by the Participant within twelve (12) months of the earliest date on which the Participant s claim first arises, or the Participant s cause of action accrues, or such claim will be deemed waived by the Participant. 17. Nature of RSUs. In accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the award of RSUs is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of RSUs, benefits in lieu of RSUs or other equity awards, even if RSUs have been awarded in the past; (c) all decisions with respect to future equity awards, if any, shall be at the sole discretion of the Company; (d) the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary; (e) the award of RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income from and value of same, are an extraordinary item that (i) does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or any Subsidiary, and (ii) is outside the scope of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any; (f) the award of RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income from and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or any Subsidiary; (g) the award of RSUs and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace or supplement any pension rights or compensation; (h) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service the Participant may provide as a director of any Subsidiary; (i) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty; (j) the value of the Shares acquired upon vesting/settlement of the RSUs may increase or decrease in value; (k) in consideration of the award of RSUs, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the RSUs or from any diminution in value of the RSUs or the 

10 Shares upon vesting of the RSUs resulting from termination of the Participant s employment or continuous service with the Company or any Subsidiary (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws of the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the RSUs, the Participant agrees not to institute any claim against the Company or any Subsidiary; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by signing/electronically accepting this Agreement, Participant shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived the Participant s entitlement to pursue or seek remedy for any such claim; and (l) neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Eligible Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant's local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the RSUs or of any amounts due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon vesting. 18. Language. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is proficient in the English language and understands the terms of this Agreement. If the Participant has received the Plan, this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control, unless otherwise prescribed by applicable law. 19. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 20. Waiver. The Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Participant or any other participant. 21. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws. By accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant is bound by all the terms and conditions of any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Participant further acknowledges that, depending on the Participant's country, the Participant may be or may become subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., RSUs) or rights linked to the value of Shares under the Plan during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow employees and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s personal responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Participant should speak to the Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 22. Legal and Tax Compliance; Cooperation. If the Participant resides or is employed outside of the United States, the Participant agrees, as a condition of the grant of the RSUs, to repatriate all payments attributable to the Shares and/or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the RSUs) if required by and in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant 's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, the Participant also agrees to take any and all actions, 

11 and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries, as may be required to allow the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant's personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant 's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 23. Private Offering. The grant of the RSUs is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filing with the local securities authorities with respect to the grant of the RSUs (unless otherwise required under local law). No employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant on whether the Participant should acquire Shares under the Plan or provide the Participant with any legal, tax or financial advice with respect to the grant of the RSUs. Investment in Shares involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to acquire Shares pursuant to the RSUs, the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors and tax considerations relevant to the acquisition of Shares under the Plan or the disposition of them. Further, the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to the RSUs and the Plan, and the Participant should consult with the Participant's personal legal, tax and financial advisors for professional advice in relation to the Participant's personal circumstances. 24. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Requirements and Exchange Controls. The Participant's country may have certain foreign asset/ account reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect the Participant's ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any dividends paid on Shares, sale proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant's country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets, or transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Participant's country. The Participant may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant's participation in the Plan to the Participant's country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant's responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and the Participant should consult the Participant s personal legal advisor for any details. 25. Country-Specific Provisions. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the RSUs and any Shares subject to the RSUs shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country of employment and country of residence, if different, as set forth in any Addenda. Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in any of the Addenda, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons and provided the imposition of the term or condition will not result in any adverse accounting expense with respect to the RSUs (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Participant s transfer). The Addenda constitute part of this Agreement. 26. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant's participation in the Plan, on the RSUs and on any Shares subject to the RSUs, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons and provided the imposition of the term or condition will not result in any adverse accounting expense to the Company, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 27. Recoupment. The RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the terms of the Danaher Corporation Recoupment Policy in the form approved by the Committee from time to time 

12 (including any successor thereto, the Policy if and to the extent such Policy by its terms applies to the RSUs, and to the terms required by applicable law; and the terms of the Policy and such applicable law are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant's behalf, to any brokerage firm and/or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold the Participant's Shares and other amounts acquired pursuant to the Participant's RSUs, to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and/or other amounts to the Company upon the Company's enforcement of the Policy. To the extent that this Agreement and the Policy conflict, the terms of the Policy shall prevail. 28. Notices. The Company may, directly or through its third party stock plan administrator, endeavor to provide certain notices to the Participant regarding certain events relating to awards that the Participant may have received or may in the future receive under the Plan, such as notices reminding the Participant of the vesting or expiration date of certain awards. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that (1) the Company has no obligation (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to provide any such notices; (2) to the extent the Company does provide any such notices to the Participant the Company does not thereby assume any obligation to provide any such notices or other notices; and (3) the Company, its Subsidiaries and the third party stock plan administrator have no liability for, and the Participant has no right whatsoever (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to make any claim against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the third party stock plan administrator based on any allegations of, damages or harm suffered by the Participant as a result of the Company s failure to provide any such notices or the Participant s failure to receive any such notices. The Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the Participant s residence address. 29. Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan or this Agreement, no individual acting as a director, employee, or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will be liable to the Participant or the Participant s spouse, beneficiary, or any other person or entity for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan, nor will such individual be personally liable because of any contract or other instrument the Participant executes in such other capacity. No member of the Board or of the Committee will be liable for any action or determination (including, but limited to, any decision not to act) made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any RSUs. 30. Consent and Agreement With Respect to Plan. The Participant (a) acknowledges that the Plan and the prospectus relating thereto are available to the Participant on the website maintained by the Stock Plan Administrator; (b) represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel of the Participant s choice prior to executing this Agreement and fully understands all provisions of this Agreement and the Plan; (c) accepts these RSUs subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof; (d) consents and agrees to all amendments that have been made to the Plan since it was adopted in 2007 (and for the avoidance of doubt consents and agrees to each amended term reflected in the Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement), and consents and agrees that all options and restricted stock units, if any, held by the Participant that were previously granted under the Plan as it has existed from time to time are now governed by the Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement (except to the extent the Committee has expressly provided that a particular Plan amendment does not apply retroactively); and (e) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. 

13 [If the Agreement is signed in paper form, complete and execute the following:] PARTICIPANT DANAHER CORPORATION Signature Signature Print Name Print Name Title Residence Address Declaration of Data Privacy Consent. By providing the additional signature below, the undersigned explicitly declares the Participant s consent to the data processing operations described in Section 13 of this Agreement. This includes, without limitation, the transfer of the Participant's Personal Information to, and the processing of such data by, the Company, the Employer or, as the case may be, the Stock Plan Administrator in the United States. The undersigned may withdraw the Participant s consent at any time, with future effect and for any or no reason as described in Section 13 of this Agreement. PARTICIPANT: Signature 

14 ADDENDUM A This Addendum A includes additional terms and conditions that govern the RSUs granted to the Participant if the Participant works and/or resides in one of the countries listed herein. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Grant Notice, the Agreement or the Plan. This Addendum A also includes information regarding securities, exchange control, tax and certain other issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to the Participant s participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, tax and other laws in effect as of December 2022. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that the Participant not rely on the information contained herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of the Participant s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Participant vests in the RSUs or sells Shares acquired under the Plan. In addition, this Addendum A is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure the Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, the Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Participant s country apply to the Participant s specific situation. If the Participant is a citizen or resident (or is considered as such for local tax purposes) of a country other than the one in which the Participant is currently residing and/or working, or if the Participant transfers employment and/or residency to another country after the grant of the RSUs, the information contained herein may not be applicable to the Participant in the same manner. BRAZIL / EUROPEAN UNION EU / EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA / SWITZERLAND / THE UNITED KINGDOM Data Privacy If the Participant resides and/or is employed in Brazil, the EU / EEA, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, the following provision replaces Section 13 of the Agreement: The Company is located at 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., 20037, United States of America and grants RSUs under the Plan to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries in its sole discretion. The Participant should review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage. Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, the Participant is hereby notified that the Company collects, processes, and uses certain personally- identifiable information about the Participant; specifically, including the Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance/passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, citizenship, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of all RSUs or any other equity compensation awards granted, cancelled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or the Employer Personal Information ). In granting the RSUs under the Plan, the Company will collect the Participant s Personal Information for purposes of allocating Shares and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for collecting, processing and using the Participant's Personal Information will be the Company's legitimate interest of managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards, the Company's 

15 necessity to execute its contractual obligations under the Agreement and to comply with its legal obligations. The Participant s refusal to provide Personal Information may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. As such, by participating in the Plan, the Participant voluntarily acknowledges the collection, processing and use, of the Participant's Personal Information as described herein. (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider. The Company transfers Participant's Personal Information to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share the Participant's Personal Information with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition to the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. (c) International Data Transfers. The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States. The Company can only meet its contractual obligations to the Participant if the Participant's Personal Information is transferred to the United States. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of the Participant's Personal Information to the United States is to satisfy its contractual obligations under the terms of the Agreement and/or its use of the standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission. (d) Data Retention. The Company will use the Participant s Personal Information only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and securities laws. When the Company no longer needs the Participant s Personal Information, the Company will remove it from its systems. If the Company keeps the Participant s Personal Information longer, it would be to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be for compliance with relevant laws or regulations. (e) Data Subjects Rights. The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in the Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different). For example, the Participant s rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of Personal Information the Company processes pursuant to the Agreement, (ii) request rectification of incorrect Personal Information, (iii) request deletion of Personal Information, (iv) request restrictions on processing of Personal Information, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different), and/or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Participant s Personal Information. To receive clarification regarding the Participant s rights or to exercise the Participant s rights, the Participant should contact the Participant s local human resources department. 

16 ARGENTINA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Labor Law Acknowledgement The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Agreement: In accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the grant of RSUs is made by the Company (not the Employer) in its sole discretion and that the value of the RSUs or any Shares acquired under the Plan shall not constitute salary or wages for any purpose under Argentine labor law, including, but not limited to, the calculation of (i) any labor benefits including, without limitation, vacation pay, thirteenth salary, compensation in lieu of notice, annual bonus, disability, and leave of absence payments, etc., or (ii) any termination or severance indemnities or similar payments. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any benefits under the Plan are considered as salary or wages for any purpose under Argentine labor law, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that such benefits shall not accrue more frequently than on the relevant Vesting Date(s). NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The Participant understands that neither the grant of the RSUs nor Shares issued pursuant to the RSUs constitute a public offering as defined by the Law N 17,811, or any other Argentine law. The offering of the RSUs is a private placement and the underlying Shares are not listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. As such, the offering is not subject to the supervision of any Argentine governmental authority. Exchange Control Notice Exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to frequent change. The Participant is solely responsible for complying with any and all Argentine currency exchange restrictions, approvals and reporting requirements in connection with the vesting and settlement of the RSUs, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting/settlement and the receipt of any dividends paid on such Shares. The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations Participant may have in connection with the Participant s participation in the Plan. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information If the Participant holds the Shares as of December 31 of any year, the Participant is required to report the holding of the Shares on the Participant s personal tax return for the relevant year. The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal tax advisor to determine the Participant s personal reporting obligations. AUSTRALIA TERMS AND CONDITIONS RSUs Conditioned on Satisfaction of Regulatory Obligations If the Participant is (a) a director of a Subsidiary incorporated in Australia, or (b) a person who is a management-level executive of a Subsidiary incorporated in Australia and who also is a director of a 

17 Subsidiary incorporated outside of Australia, the grant of the RSUs is conditioned upon satisfaction of the shareholder approval provisions of section 200B of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in Australia. Termination Section 4(c) of the Agreement (Retirement) shall not apply to any Participant who as of the Date of Grant is on permanent, non-temporary assignment in Australia. Instead, the provisions of Section 4(a) (General), shall apply, notwithstanding the provisions therein regarding Early Retirement and Normal Retirement to the contrary. NOTIFICATIONS Tax Information The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to the conditions in that Act). Securities Law Notice The Participant understands that the offering under the Plan in Australia is being made under Division 1A Part 7.12 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). If the Participant acquires Shares under the Plan and subsequently offers such Shares for sale to a person or entity resident in Australia, such offer may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law. The Participant should obtain legal advice on regarding any applicable disclosure requirements prior to making any such offer. Exchange Control Notice Exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding A 10,000 and international fund transfers of any amount. The Australian bank assisting with the transaction will file the report for the Participant. If there is no Australian bank involved in the transfer, the Participant will be responsible for filing the report. AUSTRIA NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice If the Participant holds securities (including Shares acquired under the Plan) or cash (including proceeds from the sale of Shares) outside Austria, the Participant will be required to report certain information to the Austrian National Bank if certain thresholds are exceeded. Specifically, if the Participant holds securities outside Austria, reporting requirements will apply if the value of such securities meets or exceeds 5,000,000 as of the end of any calendar quarter. Further, if the Participant holds cash in accounts outside Austria, monthly reporting requirements will apply if the aggregate transaction volume of such cash accounts meets or exceeds 10,000,000. These thresholds may be subject to change. The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal advisor(s) regarding any personal legal, regulatory or foreign exchange obligations the Participant may have in connection with the Participant s participation in the Plan. 

18 BELGIUM NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Participant is required to report any securities (e.g., Shares acquired under the Plan) or bank accounts (including brokerage accounts) opened and maintained outside of Belgium on the Participant s annual tax return. The Participant will also be required to complete a separate report, providing the National Bank of Belgium with details regarding any such account (including the account number, the name of the bank in which such account is held and the country in which such account is located). This report, as well as additional information on how to complete it, can be found on the website of the National Bank of Belgium, www.nbb.be, under Kredietcentrales / Centrales des cr dits caption. Stock Exchange Tax Information A stock exchange tax applies to transactions executed by a Belgian resident through a non-Belgian financial intermediary, such as a U.S. broker. The stock exchange tax will apply when Shares acquired pursuant to the RSUs are sold. The Participant should consult with a personal tax or financial advisor for additional details on the Participant s obligations with respect to the stock exchange tax. Annual Securities Account Tax An annual securities accounts tax may be payable if the total value of securities held in a Belgian or foreign securities account (e.g., Shares acquired under the Plan) exceeds a certain threshold on four reference dates within the relevant reporting period (i.e., December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30). In such case, the tax will be due on the value of the qualifying securities held in such account. The Participant should consult with a personal tax or financial advisor for additional details on the Participant s obligations with respect to the annual securities account tax. BRAZIL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgment The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Agreement: By accepting the RSUs, the Participant agrees that the Participant is (i) making an investment decision; (ii) the Shares will be issued to the Participant only if the Vesting Conditions are met and (iii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the vesting period without compensation to the Participant. Compliance with Law By accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant agrees to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the vesting of the RSUs, and the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan and the receipt of any dividends. 

19 NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information If the Participant is a resident or domiciled in Brazil, the Participant may be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil. If the aggregate value of such assets and/or rights is US 1,000,000 or more but less than US 100,000,000, a declaration must be submitted annually. If the aggregate value exceeds US 100,000,000, a declaration must be submitted quarterly. Tax on Financial Transaction (IOF) Repatriation of funds (e.g., the proceeds from the sale of Shares) into Brazil and the conversion of USD into BRL associated with such fund transfers may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is the Participant's responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal tax advisor for additional details. CANADA TERMS AND CONDITIONS RSUs Payable Only in Shares RSUs granted to Participants in Canada shall be paid in Shares only. In no event shall any of such RSUs be paid in cash, notwithstanding any discretion contained in the Plan, or any provision in the Agreement to the contrary. Forfeiture Upon Termination of Employment The following provision replaces Section 4(a) of the Agreement: Until vested, the RSU shall be subject to forfeiture in the event of the termination of the Participant's employment, where termination of employment means the date on which the Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company (including, for this purpose, all Eligible Subsidiaries) for any reason, whether such termination is occasioned by the Participant, by the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries, with or without cause, and whether or not later found to be invalid or unlawful; by mutual agreement or by operation of law Termination of Employment ). For the avoidance of doubt, unless explicitly required by applicable legislation, the date on which any Termination of Employment occurs shall not be extended by any notice period or period for which pay in lieu of notice or related damages or payments are provided or mandated under local law (including, but not limited to, statute, contract, regulatory law and/or common or civil law), and the Participant shall have no right to full or pro-rated vesting or compensation for lost vesting related to such periods. For greater clarity, the date on which Termination of Employment occurs shall not be extended by any period of garden leave , paid administrative leave or similar period under local law. The Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Participant ceased to actively provide services to the Employer for the purposes of this RSU (including, subject to statutory protections, whether the Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence). Unless the Committee provides otherwise (1) Termination of Employment shall include instances in which the Participant is terminated and immediately rehired as an independent contractor, and (2) the spin-off, sale, or disposition of the Employer from the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary (whether by transfer of shares, assets or 

20 otherwise) such that the Employer no longer constitutes an Eligible Subsidiary shall constitute a Termination of Employment. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, applicable employment legislation explicitly requires continued vesting during a statutory notice period, the Participant s right to vest in the RSU, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of the minimum statutory notice period, but the Participant will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the Participant s statutory notice period, nor will the Participant be entitled to any compensation for the lost vesting. Sections 4(b) through 4(e) of the Agreement shall continue to apply to the Participant; provided, however, that any reference to termination of employment, termination of an active service-providing relationship, no longer actively employed (or is no longer actively providing services, as applicable) or similar language shall be interpreted to mean Termination of Employment as defined in this Addendum A. The following two provisions apply if the Participant is a resident of Quebec: Language. A French translation of this Agreement, the Plan and certain other documents related to the offer will be made available to the Participant as soon as reasonably practicable following the Participant's written request. Notwithstanding the Language provision included in Section 18 of the Agreement, to the extent required by applicable law and unless the Participant indicates otherwise, the French translation of such documents will govern the Participant s participation in the Plan. Langue. Une traduction fran aise du pr sent Contrat, du Plan et de certains autres documents li s l offre sera mise la disposition du Participant d s que cela sera raisonnablement possible suite la demande crite du Participant. Nonobstant la disposition reprise ci-dessus dans la Section 18 du Contrat relative la Langue, dans la mesure o la loi applicable l'exige et moins que le Participant n'indique le contraire, la traduction fran aise de ces documents r gira la participation au Plan du Participant. Data Privacy The following provision supplements Section 13 of the Agreement: The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Participant s awards under the Plan. The Participant further authorizes the Company, its Subsidiaries and the Stock Plan Administrator to disclose and discuss the Participant s participation in the Plan with their respective advisors. The Participant further authorizes the Company and its Subsidiaries to record such information and to keep such information in the Participant s employee file. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The Participant is permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any (or any other broker acceptable to the Company), provided the resale of Shares acquired under the Plan takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed. The Shares are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 

21 Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information Specified foreign property, including the RSUs, Shares acquired under the Plan, and other rights to receive shares of a non-Canadian company held by a Canadian resident must generally be reported annually on a Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. Thus, unvested RSUs must be reported generally at a nil cost if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because the Participant holds other specified foreign property. When Shares are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the Shares. The ACB would ordinarily equal the fair market value of the Shares at the time of acquisition, but if the Participant owns other shares of the Company, this ACB may need to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares. The Participant should consult the Participant s personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. CHILE NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The grant of the RSUs is not intended to be a public offering of securities in Chile but instead is intended to be a private placement. a) The starting date of the offer will be the Date of Grant (as defined in the Agreement), and this offer conforms to General Ruling No. 336 of the Chilean Commission of the Financial Market CMF b) The offer deals with securities not registered in the Registry of Securities or in the Registry of Foreign Securities of the CMF, and therefore such securities are not subject to its oversight; c) The issuer is not obligated to provide public information in Chile regarding the foreign securities, as such securities are not registered with the CMF; and d) The foreign securities shall not be subject to public offering as long as they are not registered with the corresponding registry of securities in Chile. a) La fecha de inicio de la oferta ser el de la fecha de otorgamiento (o Date of Grant , seg n este t rmino se define en el documento denominado Agreement y esta oferta se acoge a la norma de Car cter General N 336 de la Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero de Chile CMF b) La oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores o en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros que lleva la CMF, por lo que tales valores no est n sujetos a la fiscalizaci n de sta; c) Por tratar de valores no inscritos en la CMF no existe la obligaci n por parte del emisor de entregar en Chile informaci n p blica respecto de esos valores; y d) Esos valores no podr n ser objeto de oferta p blica mientras no sean inscritos en el registro de valores correspondiente. Exchange Control Notice If the Participant is a resident of Chile, the Participant is not required to repatriate any proceeds obtained from the sale of Shares or the receipt of dividends to Chile. However, if the Participant is a resident of Chile 

22 and decides to repatriate proceeds from the sale of Shares or the receipt of dividends and the amount of the proceeds to be repatriated exceeds US 10,000, the Participant must effect such repatriation through the Formal Exchange Market. It is unnecessary to convert any repatriated funds into Chilean currency. Please note that exchange control regulations in Chile are subject to change. The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that the Participant may have prior to the vesting of the RSUs. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Chilean Internal Revenue Service CIRS requires all taxpayers to provide information annually regarding: (i) any taxes paid abroad which they will use as a credit against Chilean income taxes, and (ii) the results of foreign investments. These annual reporting obligations must be complied with by submitting a sworn statement setting forth this information before July 1 of each year. The sworn statement disclosing this information (or Formularios) must be submitted electronically through the CIRS website, www.sii.cl, using Form 1929. CHINA TERMS AND CONDITIONS The following provision applies if the Participant is subject to exchange control restrictions and regulations in the People's Republic of China PRC ), including the requirements imposed by the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ), as determined by the Company in its sole discretion: Settlement Notice Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Agreement, no Shares will be issued to the Participant in settlement of the RSUs unless and until all necessary exchange control or other approvals with respect to the RSUs under the Plan have been obtained from the SAFE or its local counterpart SAFE Approval ). In the event that SAFE Approval has not been obtained prior to any date(s) on which the RSUs are scheduled to vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Agreement, any Shares which are contemplated to be issued in settlement of such vested RSUs shall be held by the Company in escrow on behalf of the Participant until SAFE Approval is obtained. NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Restrictions Applicable to Participants who are PRC Nationals If the Participant is a local national of the PRC, the Participant understands and agrees that upon RSU vesting the underlying Shares may be sold immediately or, at the Company s discretion, at a later time. The Participant further agrees that the Company is authorized to instruct its designated broker to assist with the mandatory sale of such Shares (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization), and the Participant expressly authorizes such broker to complete the sale of such Shares. If the Company changes its designated brokerage firm, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may transfer any Shares issued under the Plan to the new designated brokerage firm, if necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Participant agrees to sign any documentation necessary to facilitate the transfer of Shares. Further, the Participant acknowledges that the Company s designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the Shares at any particular price. Upon the sale of the Shares, the Company agrees to pay the cash proceeds from the sale, less any brokerage fees or commissions, to the Participant in accordance with applicable exchange control laws and regulations and provided any liability 

23 for Tax Related-Items resulting from the vesting of the RSUs has been satisfied. Due to fluctuations in the Share price and/or the U.S. Dollar exchange rate between the Vesting Date and (if later) the date on which the Shares are sold, the sale proceeds may be more or less than the fair market value of the Shares on the Vesting Date. The Participant understands and agrees that the Company is not responsible for the amount of any loss the Participant may incur and that the Company assumes no liability for any fluctuations in the Share price and/or U.S. Dollar exchange rate. The Participant understands and agrees that, due to exchange control laws in China, the Participant will be required to immediately repatriate to China the cash proceeds from the sale of any Shares acquired at vesting of the RSUs and any dividends received in relation to the Shares. The Participant further understands that, under local law, such repatriation of the cash proceeds may need to be effectuated through a special exchange control account to be approved by the local foreign exchange administration, and the Participant hereby consents and agrees that the proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan and any dividends received in relation to the Shares may be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered to the Participant. The proceeds may be paid to the Participant in U.S. Dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion (as of the Date of Grant, the proceeds are paid to the Participant in local currency). In the event the proceeds are paid to the Participant in U.S. Dollars, the Participant understands that the Participant will be required to set up a U.S. Dollar bank account in China and provide the bank account details to the Employer and/or the Company so that the proceeds may be deposited into this account. If the proceeds are paid to the Participant in local currency, the Participant agrees to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the Shares are sold or dividends are paid and the time the proceeds are distributed to the Participant through any such special account. Exchange Control Notice Applicable to Participants in the PRC If the Participant is a local national of the PRC, the Participant understands that exchange control restrictions may limit the Participant s ability to access and/or convert funds received under the Plan, particularly if these amounts exceed US 50,000. The Participant should confirm the procedures and requirements for withdrawals and conversions of foreign currency with the Participant s local bank prior to the vesting of the RSUs/sale of Shares. The Participant agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in the PRC. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information PRC residents are required to report to SAFE details of their foreign financial assets and liabilities, as well as details of any economic transactions conducted with non-PRC residents, either directly or through financial institutions. The Participant may be subject to reporting obligations for the Shares or awards acquired under the Plan and Plan-related transactions. It is the Participant's responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation and the Participant should consult his/her personal tax advisor in this regard. 

24 COLOMBIA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Labor Law Acknowledgement The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Agreement: The Participant acknowledges that pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, the Plan, the RSUs, the underlying Shares, and any other amounts or payments granted or realized from participation in the Plan do not constitute a component of the Participant's salary for any purpose. To this extent, they will not be included and/or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal/fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions or any other labor- related amount which may be payable. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The Shares are not and will not be registered with the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores), and therefore, the Shares cannot be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as making a public offer of securities, or the promotion of financial products in Colombia. Exchange Control Notice Foreign investments must be registered with the Central Bank of Colombia (Banco de la Rep blica). Upon the subsequent sale or other disposition of investments held abroad, the registration with the Central Bank must be canceled, the proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the Shares must be repatriated to Colombia and the appropriate Central Bank form must be filed (usually with the Participant s local bank). The Participant acknowledges that the Participant personally is responsible for complying with Colombian exchange control requirements. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information An annual informative return must be filed with the Colombian Tax Office detailing any assets held abroad (including the Shares acquired under the Plan). If the individual value of any of these assets exceeds a certain threshold, each asset must be described (e.g., its nature and its value) and the jurisdiction in which it is located must be disclosed. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant personally is responsible for complying with this tax reporting requirement. CROATIA NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice The Participant must report any foreign investments (including Shares acquired under the Plan) to the Croatian National Bank for statistical purposes. However, because exchange control regulations may change without notice, the Participant should consult with the Participant s legal advisor to ensure 

25 compliance with current regulations. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant personally is responsible for complying with Croatian exchange control laws. CZECH REPUBLIC NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice Upon request of the Czech National Bank (the CNB ), the Participant may need to report the following to the CNB: foreign direct investments, financial credits from abroad, investment in foreign securities and associated collection and payments (Shares and proceeds from the sale of the Shares may be included in this reporting requirement). Even in the absence of a request from the CNB, the Participant may need to report foreign direct investments with a value of CZK 2,500,000 or more in the aggregate or other foreign financial assets with a value of CZK 2,000,000,000 or more. Because exchange control regulations change frequently and without notice, the Participant should consult the Participant s personal legal advisor prior to vesting of the RSUs and the subsequent sale of Shares to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is the Participant s responsibility to comply with Czech exchange control laws, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will be liable for any resulting fines or penalties. DENMARK TERMS AND CONDITIONS Danish Stock Option Act Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the RSUs upon the Participant s termination of employment with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary, as applicable, shall be governed by the Danish Stock Option Act, as in effect at the time of the Participant s termination (as determined by the Committee in its discretion in consultation with legal counsel). By accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received a Danish translation of an Employer Statement, (which is attached hereto as Addendum B), which is being provided to comply with the Danish Stock Option Act. NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information If Danish residents establish an account holding Shares or an account holding cash outside Denmark, they must report the account to the Danish Tax Administration as part of their annual tax return under the section related to foreign affairs and income. The form which should be used in this respect can be obtained from a local bank. ECUADOR NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Participant will be responsible for including any RSUs that vested during the previous fiscal year in the Participant s annual Net Worth Declaration if the Participant s net worth exceeds the thresholds set forth in the law. The Net Worth Declaration must be filed in May of the following year using the electronic 

26 form on the tax authorities website (www.sri.gob.ec). Penalties will apply to a late filing and it is not possible to seek an extension. FINLAND NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. There are no specific reporting requirements with respect to foreign assets/accounts. However, the Participant should check the Participant s pre-completed tax return to confirm that the ownership of Shares and other securities (foreign or domestic) are correctly reported. If the Participant finds any errors or omissions, the Participant must make the necessary corrections electronically or by sending specific paper forms to the local tax authorities. FRANCE TERMS AND CONDITIONS Consent to Receive Information in English By accepting the RSUs, the Participant confirms having read and understood the Plan, the Grant Notice, the Agreement and this Addendum A, including all terms and conditions included therein, which were provided in the English language. The Participant accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. Consentement afin de Recevoir des Informations en Anglais En acceptant les droits sur des actions assujettis restrictions restricted stock units ou RSUs ), le Participant confirme avoir lu et compris le Plan, la Notification d Attribution, le Contrat et la pr sente Annexe A, en ce compris tous les termes et conditions y relatifs, qui ont t fournis en langue anglaise. Le Participant accepte les termes de ces documents en connaissance de cause. NOTIFICATIONS Tax Information The RSUs granted under this Agreement are not intended to be a tax-qualified RSUs. Exchange Control Notice The value of any cash or securities imported to or exported from France without the use of a financial institution must be reported to the customs and excise authorities when the value of such cash or securities is equal to or greater than a certain amount. The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal financial advisor for further details regarding this requirement. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information French residents must report annually any shares and bank accounts they hold outside France, including the accounts that were opened, used and/or closed during the tax year, to the French tax authorities, on an annual basis on a special Form N 3916, together with the Participant s personal income tax return. Failure to report triggers a significant penalty. 

27 GERMANY NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported to the German Federal Bank (Bundesbank). If the Participant acquires Shares with a value in excess of this amount, the Employer will report the acquisition of the Shares to Bundesbank. If the Participant otherwise makes or receives a payment in excess of this amount (e.g., if the Participant sells Shares via a foreign broker, bank or service provider and receive proceeds in excess of this amount), the Participant must report the payment to Bundesbank, either electronically using the General Statistics Reporting Portal Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik available on the Bundesbank website (www.bundesbank.de) or via such other method (e.g., by email or telephone) as is permitted or required by Bundesbank. The report must be submitted monthly or within other such timing as is permitted or required by Bundesbank. HONG KONG TERMS AND CONDITIONS Form of Settlement Notwithstanding any discretion contained in the Plan or anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the RSUs are payable in Shares only. Sale Restriction Shares received at vesting are accepted as a personal investment. In the event that the RSUs vest and Shares are issued to the Participant (or the Participant's heirs) within six (6) months of the Date of Grant, the Participant (or the Participant's heirs) agrees that the Shares will not be offered to the public or otherwise disposed of prior to the six (6)-month anniversary of the Date of Grant. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice WARNING: The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. The Participant is advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If the Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, the Participant should obtain independent professional advice. Neither the grant of the RSUs nor the issuance of the Shares upon vesting of the RSUs constitutes a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and is available only to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Agreement, including this Addendum A, the Plan and other incidental communication materials distributed in connection with the RSUs (i) have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong and (ii) are intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries and may not be distributed to any other person. Nature of Scheme The Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be treated as an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance. 

28 HUNGARY No country-specific provisions. INDIA NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice The Participant must repatriate any proceeds from the sale of the Shares and any cash dividends acquired under the Plan to India and convert the proceeds into local currency within a certain period from the time of receipt (90 days for sale proceeds and 180 days for dividend payments, or within such other period of time as may be required under applicable regulations and to convert the proceeds into local currency). The Participant will receive a foreign inward remittance certificate FIRC from the bank where the Participant deposits the foreign currency. The Participant should maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof of repatriation. It is the Participant s responsibility to comply with exchange control laws in India, and neither the Company nor the Employer will be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from the Participant s failure to comply with applicable laws. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Participant is required to declare the Participant s foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including Shares held outside India) in the Participant s annual tax return. It is the Participant s responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation and the Participant should consult with the Participant s personal tax advisor in this regard as significant penalties may apply in the case of non- compliance. INDONESIA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Language Consent A translation of the documents relating to this grant into Bahasa Indonesia can be provided to Participant upon request to Danaher s Corporate Compensation department. By accepting the RSUs, the Participant (i) confirms having read and understood the documents relating to the RSUs (i.e., the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language, (ii) accepts the terms of those documents accordingly, and (iii) agrees not to challenge the validity of this document based on Law No. 24 of 2009 on National Flag, Language, Coat of Arms and National Anthem or the implementing Presidential Regulation (when issued). Persetujuan Bahasa Terjemahan dari dokumen-dokumen terkait dengan pemberian ini ke Bahasa Indonesia dapat disediakan untuk Peserta berdasarkan permintaan kepada Danaher s Corporate Compensation department. Dengan menerima Pemberian, Peserta (i) memberikan konfirmasi bahwa anda telah membaca dan memahami dokumen-dokumen berkaitan dengan Pemberian ini (yaitu, Program dan Perjanjian) yang disediakan dalam Bahasa Inggris, (ii) menerima persyaratan di dalam dokumen-dokumen tersebut, dan (iii) setuju 

29 untuk tidak mengajukan keberatan atas keberlakuan dari dokumen ini berdasarkan Undang-Undang No. 24 Tahun 2009 tentang Bendera, Bahasa dan Lambang Negara serta Lagu Kebangsaan ataupun Peraturan Presiden sebagai pelaksanaannya (ketika diterbitkan). NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice Indonesian residents repatriating funds (e.g., remittance of proceeds from the sale of Shares into Indonesia) into Indonesia, the Indonesian bank through which the transaction is made will submit a report of the transaction to the Bank of Indonesia. For transactions of USD10,000 or more (or its equivalent in other currency), a more detailed description of the transaction must be included in the report and the Participant may be required to provide information about the transaction to the bank in order to complete the transaction. For foreign currency transactions exceeding USD25,000, the underlying document of that transaction will have to be submitted to the relevant local bank. IRELAND NOTIFICATIONS Director Notification Obligation Irish residents who may be a director, shadow director or secretary of an Irish subsidiary whose interest in the Company represents more than 1 of the Company s voting share capital are required to notify such Irish Subsidiary in writing within a certain time period. This notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of a spouse or children under the age of 18 (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary). ISRAEL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Trust Arrangement The Participant understands and agrees that the RSUs awarded under the Agreement are awarded subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Sub-Plan for Israel (the Sub-Plan ), the Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement between the Company and the Company s trustee appointed by the Company or its Subsidiary in Israel (the Trustee ), or any successor trustee. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Sub-Plan, the Agreement and/or the Plan, the Sub-Plan will govern. Type of Grant The RSUs are intended to qualify for favorable tax treatment in Israel as a 102 Capital Gains Track Grant (as defined in the Sub-Plan) subject to the terms and conditions of Section 102 (as defined in the Sub- Plan) and the rules promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot guarantee or represent that the favorable tax treatment under Section 102 will apply to the RSUs. By accepting the RSUs, the Participant: (a) acknowledges receipt of and represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with the terms and provisions of Section 102, the Plan, the Sub-Plan, the Trust Agreement and the Agreement; (b) accepts the RSUs subject to all of the terms and conditions of the 

30 Agreement, the Plan, the Sub-Plan, the Trust Agreement and Section 102 and the rules promulgated thereunder; and (c) agrees that the RSUs and/or any Shares issued in connection therewith, will be registered for the benefit of the Participant in the name of the Trustee as required to qualify under Section 102. The Participant hereby undertakes to release the Trustee from any liability in respect of any action or decision duly taken and bona fide executed in relation to the Plan, or any RSUs or the Shares granted thereunder. The Participant agrees to execute any and all documents which the Company or the Trustee may reasonably determine to be necessary in order to comply with Section 102 and the Income Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961 ITO ). Electronic Delivery The following provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement. To the extent required pursuant to Israeli tax law and/or by the Trustee, the Participant consents and agrees to deliver hard-copy written notices and/or actual copies of any notices or confirmations provided by the Participant related to the Participant s participation in the Plan. Data Privacy The following provision supplements Section 13 of the Agreement: Without derogating from the scope of Section 13 of the Agreement, the Participant hereby explicitly consents to the transfer of Data between the Company, the Trustee, and/or a designated Plan broker, including any requisite transfer of such Data outside of the Participant s country and further transfers thereafter as may be required to a broker or other third party. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The grant of the RSUs does not constitute a public offering under the Securities Law, 1968. ITALY TERMS AND CONDITIONS Plan Document Acknowledgement In accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, has reviewed the Plan and the Agreement (including this Addendum A), in their entirety and fully understands and accepts all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement (including this Addendum A). The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant has read and specifically and expressly approves without limitation, the following sections of the Agreement: Section 7: Tax Obligations; Section 16: Governing Law and Venue; Section 17: Nature of RSUs; Section 25: Country-Specific Provisions; Section 26: Imposition of Other Requirements; Section 27: Recoupment; and the Data Privacy section above. 

31 NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information To the extent that the Participant holds investments abroad or foreign financial assets that may generate taxable income in Italy (such as the Shares acquired under the Plan) during the calendar year, the Participant is required to report them on the Participant s annual tax return (UNICO Form, RW Schedule), or on a special form if no tax return is due and pay the foreign financial assets tax. The tax is assessed at the end of the calendar year or on the last day the shares are held (in such case, or when the shares are acquired during the course of the year, the tax is levied in proportion to the number of days the shares are held over the calendar year). No tax payment duties arise if the amount of the foreign financial assets tax calculated on all financial assets held abroad does not exceed a certain threshold. In other words, if the Participant holds investments abroad or foreign financial assets for an overall value currently not exceeding EUR 6,000, the Participant does not have to pay the foreign financial assets tax. JAPAN NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice If the Participant acquires Shares valued at more than 100,000,000 in a single transaction, the Participant must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance through the Bank of Japan within 20 days of the purchase of the Shares. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Participant will be required to report details of any assets held outside Japan as of December 31st to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding 50,000,000. This report is due by March 15 each year. The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal tax advisor as to whether the reporting obligation applies to the Participant and whether the requirement extends to any outstanding RSUs or Shares acquired under the Plan. KAZAKHSTAN NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The grant of the RSUs is addressed only to certain eligible employees of the Company and Eligible Subsidiaries in the form of Shares to be issued by the Company, which as of the date hereof are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement has been approved, nor do they need to be approved, by the National Bank of Kazakhstan. This offer is intended only for the original recipient and is not for general circulation in the Republic of Kazakhstan. 

32 KOREA NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice If the Participant realizes US 500,000 or more from the sale of Shares or the receipt of any dividends with respect to RSUs granted prior to July 18, 2017, Korean exchange control laws may require the Participant to repatriate the proceeds back to Korea within three (3) years of the sale/receipt. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information Korean residents must declare all foreign financial accounts (e.g., non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts in June of the following year if the monthly balance of such accounts exceeds KRW 500 million (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency) on any month-end date during a calendar year. The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal tax advisor to determine the Participant s personal reporting obligations. LIECHTENSTEIN No country-specific provisions. LUXEMBOURG NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice The Participant must report any inward remittance of funds to the Banque Central de Luxembourg and/or the Service Central de La Statistique et des tudes conomiques within fifteen (15) working days following the month during which the transaction occurred. If a Luxembourg financial institution is involved in the transaction, it will usually fulfill the reporting obligation on the Participant s behalf; otherwise the Participant personally will be responsible for reporting the transaction. MALAYSIA NOTIFICATIONS Director Notification If the Participant is a director of a subsidiary or other related company in Malaysia, then the Participant is subject to certain notification requirements under the Malaysian Companies Act, 2016. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Malaysian subsidiary in writing when the Participant receives an interest (e.g., RSUs, Shares) in the Company or any related companies. In addition, the Participant must notify the Malaysian subsidiary when the Participant sells Shares of the Company or any related company (including when the Participant sells Shares acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within fourteen (14) days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any related company. 

33 MEXICO TERMS AND CONDITIONS Labor Law Acknowledgement The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Agreement. By accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant understands and agrees that: (i) the RSUs are not related to the salary and other contractual benefits granted to the Participant by the Employer; and (ii) any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of employment. Policy Statement The grant of the RSUs the Company is making under the Plan is unilateral and discretionary and, therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend it and discontinue it at any time without any liability. The Company, with registered offices at 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., 20037, United States of America, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan. Participation in the Plan and the acquisition of Shares under the Plan does not, in any way establish an employment relationship between the Participant and the Company since the Participant is participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and the Participant s sole employer is the Subsidiary employing the Participant, as applicable, nor does it establish any rights between the Participant and the Employer. Plan Document Acknowledgment By participating in the Plan, Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received copies of the Plan and the Agreement, has reviewed the Plan and the Agreement in their entirety and fully understands and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. In addition, by participating in the Plan, the Participant further acknowledges that the Participant has read and specifically and expressly approves the terms and conditions in Section 17 of the Agreement, in which the following is clearly described and established: (i) participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right; (ii) the Plan and participation in the Plan is offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis; (iii) participation in the Plan is voluntary; and (iv) the Company and its Subsidiaries are not responsible for any decrease in the value of the Shares underlying the RSUs. Finally, the Participant hereby declares that the Participant does not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages as a result of participation in the Plan and therefore grants a full and broad release to the Employer and the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to any claim that may arise under the Plan. Spanish Translation Reconocimiento de la Ley Laboral Esta disposici n complementa la Secci n 17 del Acuerdo. Al aceptar el RSU,el Participante reconoce entiende y acuerda que: (i) la RSU no se encuentra relacionada con el salario ni con otras prestaciones contractuales concedidas al Participante por del patr n; y (ii) 

34 cualquier modificaci n del Plan o su terminaci n no constituye un cambio o detrimento en los t rminos y condiciones de empleo. Declaraci n de Pol tica La concesi n del RSU que la Compa a est haciendo bajo el Plan es unilateral y discrecional y, por lo tanto, la Compa a se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y discontinuar el mismo en cualquier momento, sin ninguna responsabilidad. La Compa a, con oficinas registradas ubicadas en 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., Estados Unidos de Norteam rica, es la nica responsable por la administraci n del Plan. La participaci n en el Plan y la adquisici n de Acciones no establece de forma alguna, una relaci n de trabajo entre el Participante y la Compa a, ya que la participaci n en el Plan por parte del Participante es completamente comercial y el nico patr n es Subsidiaria que esta contratando al que tiene la RSU, en caso de ser aplicable, as como tampoco establece ning n derecho entre el que tiene la RSU y el patr n. Reconocimiento del Plan de Documentos Al participar en el Plan, el Participante reconoce que ha recibido copias del Plan y del Acuerdo, mismos que ha revisado en su totalidad y los entiende completamente y, que ha entendido y aceptado las disposiciones contenidas en el Plan y en el Acuerdo. Adicionalmente, al participar en el Plan, el Participante reconoce que ha le do, y que aprueba espec fica y expresamente los t rminos y condiciones contenidos en la Secci n 17 del Acuerdo, en la cual se encuentra claramente descrito y establecido lo siguiente: (i) la participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido; (ii) el Plan y la participaci n en el mismo es ofrecida por la Compa a de forma enteramente discrecional; (iii) la participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria; y (iv) la Compa a, as como sus Subsidiarias no son responsables por cualquier detrimento en el valor de las Acciones en relaci n con la RSU. Finalmente, el Participante declara que no se reserva ninguna acci n o derecho para interponer una demanda en contra de la Compa a por compensaci n, da o o perjuicio alguno como resultado de la participaci n en el Plan y en consecuencia, otorga el m s amplio finiquito a su patr n, as como a la Compa a, a sus Subsidiarias con respecto a cualquier demanda que pudiera originarse en virtud del Plan. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The RSUs granted, and any Shares acquired, under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, Agreement and any other document relating to the RSUs may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to the Participant because of the Participant s existing relationship with the Company and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities, but rather a private placement of securities addressed specifically to certain employees of the Company and its subsidiaries and are made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law. Any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 

35 MOROCCO TERMS AND CONDITIONS Local Cash Settlement of RSUs Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, the RSUs shall be settled in cash only paid by the Employer through local payroll (and shall not be settled in Shares issued by the Company). NETHERLANDS No country-specific provisions. NORWAY NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Information In general, Norwegian residents should not be subject to any foreign exchange requirements in connection with their acquisition or sale of Shares under the Plan, except normal reporting requirements to the Norwegian Currency Registry. If any transfer of funds into or out of Norway is made through a Norwegian bank, the bank will make the registration. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information Norwegian residents may be subject to foreign asset reporting as part of their ordinary tax return. Norwegian banks, financial institutions, limited companies etc. must report certain information to the Tax Administration. Such information may then be pre-completed in a Norwegian resident s tax return. However, if the resident has traded, or is the owner of, financial instruments (e.g., Shares) not pre-completed in the tax return, the Norwegian resident must enter this information in Form RF-1159, which is an appendix to the tax return. PERU TERMS AND CONDITIONS Labor Law Acknowledgement The following provision supplements Section 18 of the Agreement: The Participant acknowledges that the Plan, the RSUs, the underlying Shares, and any other amounts or payments granted or realized from participation in the Plan are being granted ex gratia as a reward to the Participant and do not constitute a component of the Participant's salary for any purpose. On this basis, the RSUs, the underlying Shares, and any other amounts or payments granted or realized from participation in the Plan will not be included and/or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal/fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. 

36 NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The grant of the RSUs hereunder is not intended to be a public offering of securities in Chile but instead is intended to be a private placement. POLAND NOTIFICATIONS Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information Polish residents holding foreign securities (e.g., Shares) and/or maintaining accounts abroad are obligated to file quarterly reports with the National Bank of Poland incorporating information on transactions and balances of the securities and cash deposited in such accounts if the value of such securities and cash (when combined with all other assets held abroad) exceeds PLN 7,000,000. Exchange Control Notice Polish residents are also required to transfer funds through a bank account in Poland if the transferred amount in any single transaction exceeds a specified threshold (currently EUR 15,000). Polish residents are required to store documents connected with foreign exchange transactions for a period of five years from the date the exchange transaction was made. PORTUGAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Language Consent The Participant hereby expressly declares that the Participant is proficient in the English language and has read, understood and fully accepts and agrees with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. Conhecimento da Lingua O Participante, pelo presente instrumento, declara expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que leu, compreendeu e livremente aceitou e concordou com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e do Contrato. NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice If the Participant is a Portuguese resident and holds Shares after vesting of the RSUs, the acquisition of the Shares should be reported to the Banco de Portugal for statistical purposes. If the Shares are deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, such bank or financial intermediary will submit the report on the Participant s behalf. If the Shares are not deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, The Participant is responsible for submitting the report to the Banco de Portugal, unless the Participant engages a Portuguese financial intermediary to file the reports on the Participant s behalf. 

37 RUSSIA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Labor Law Acknowledgement The Participant understands that if the Participant continues to hold the Shares acquired under the Plan after an involuntary termination of employment, the Participant will be ineligible to receive unemployment benefits in Russia. U.S. Transaction Any Shares issued upon vesting of the RSUs shall be delivered to the Participant through a brokerage account with the Stock Plan Administrator established in the United States. The Participant may hold the Shares in the Participant s brokerage account in the United States; however, in no event will the Shares issued to the Participant and/or share certificates or other instruments be delivered to the Participant in Russia. The Participant is not permitted to make any public advertising or announcements regarding the RSUs or Shares in Russia, or promote these Shares to other Russian legal entities or individuals, and the Participant is not permitted to sell Shares acquired upon vesting of the RSUs directly to other Russian legal entities or residents. The Participant is permitted to sell Shares only on the New York Stock Exchange and only through a United States broker. Data Privacy This data privacy consent replaces Section 13 of the Agreement: 1. Purposes for processing of the Personal Data 1. 1.1. Granting to the Participant restricted share units or rights to purchase shares of common stock. 1.1. (RSU) . 1.2. Compliance with the effective Russian Federation laws; 1.2. 2. The Participant hereby grants consent to processing of the personal data listed below 2. 2.1. Last name, first name, patronymic, year, month, date and place of birth, gender, age, address, citizenship, information on education, contact details (home address(es), direct office, home and mobile telephone numbers, e-mail address, etc.), photographs; 2.1. , , , , , , , , , , , ) ), , , .), 2.2. Information contained in personal identification documents (including passport details), tax 2.2. , , , 

38 identification number and number of the State Pension Insurance Certificate, including photocopies of passports, visas, work permits, drivers licenses, other personal documents; , , , , , , 2.3. Information on employment, including the list of duties, information on the current and former employers, information on promotions, disciplinary sanctions, transfer to other position / work, etc.; 2.3. , , , , , / , . 2.4. Information on the Participant s salary amount, information on salary changes, on participation in employer benefit plans and programs, on bonuses paid, etc.; 2.4. , , , , . 2.5. Information on work time, including hours scheduled for work per week and hours actually worked; 2.5. , 2.6. Information on potential membership of certain categories of employees having rights for guarantees and benefits in accordance with the Russian Federation Labor Code and other effective legislation; 2.6. , 2.7. Information on the Participant s tax status (exempt, tax resident status, etc.); 2.7. , . .); 2.8. Information on shares of Common Stock or directorships held by the Participant, details of all awards or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding; 2.8. , , , , , , . 2.9. Any other information, which may become necessary to the Company in connection with the purposes specified in Clause 2 above. 2.9. , , . 3 . the Personal Data 

39 3.1. The Participant hereby consents to performing the following operations with the Personal Data: 3.1. : 3.1.1. processing of the Personal Data, including collection, systematization, accumulation, storage, verification (renewal, modification), use, dissemination (including transfer), impersonalizing, blockage, destruction; 3.1.1. , , , , , , ), , ), , , 3.1.2. transborder transfer of the Personal Data to perators located on the territory of foreign states. The Participant hereby confirms that he was notified of the fact that the recipients of the Personal Data may be located in foreign states that do not ensure adequate protection of rights of personal data subjects; 3.1.2. . , , , 3.1.3. including Personal Data into generally accessible sources of personal data (including directories, address books and other), placing Personal Data on the Company's web-sites on the Internet. 3.1.3. , . .), . 3.2. General description of the data processing methods used by the Company 3.2. 3.2.1. When processing the Personal Data, the Company undertakes the necessary organizational and technical measures for protecting the Personal Data from unlawful or accidental access to them, from destruction, change, blockage, copying, dissemination of Personal Data, as well as from other unlawful actions. 3.2.1. , , , , , , . 3.2.2. Processing of the Personal Data by the Company shall be performed using the data processing methods that ensure confidentiality of the Personal Data, except where: (1) Personal Data is impersonalized; and (2) in relation to publicly available Personal Data; and in compliance with the established requirements to ensuring the security of personal data, the requirements to the tangible media of biometric personal data and to the technologies for storage of such data outside personal data information systems in accordance with the effective legislation. 3.2.2. , , : (1) (2) , 

40 . 4. Term, revocation procedure 4. , This Statement of Consent is valid for an indefinite term. The Participant may revoke this consent by sending to Company a written notice at least ninety (90) days in advance of the proposed consent revocation date. The Participant agrees that during the specified notice period the Company is not obliged to cease processing of Personal Data or destroy the Personal Data of the Participant. . 90 . , ) ) . NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The Participant acknowledges that the Agreement, the grant of the RSUs, the Plan and all other materials the Participant may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia, and the Participant's acceptance of the RSUs results in an agreement between the Company and the Participant that is completed in the United States and is governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. The Shares to be issued under the Plan have not and will not be registered in Russia, nor will they be admitted for listing on any Russian exchange for trading within Russia. Thus, the Shares described in any Plan documents may not be offered or placed in public circulation in Russia. In no event will the Shares to be issued under the Plan be delivered to the Participant in Russia. All the Shares acquired under the Plan will be maintained on behalf of the Participant outside of Russia. The Participant will not be permitted to sell or otherwise transfer the Shares directly to a Russian legal entity or resident. Exchange Control Notice The Participant may be required to repatriate cash proceeds from the Participant s participation in the Plan (e.g., cash dividends, sale proceeds) as soon as the Participant intends to use those cash amounts for any purpose, including reinvestment. If the repatriation requirement applies, such funds must initially be credited to the Participant through a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia. After the funds are initially received in Russia, they may be further remitted to other accounts, including ones at foreign banks, in accordance with Russian exchange control laws. As of April 17, 2020, the repatriation requirement may not apply with respect to cash amounts received in an account that is considered by the Central Bank of Russia to be a foreign brokerage account opened with a financial market institution other than a bank. Statutory exceptions to the repatriation requirement also may apply. The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal legal advisor to determine the applicability of the repatriation requirement to any cash received in connection with the Participant s participation in the Plan and to ensure compliance with any applicable exchange control requirements. 

41 Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information The Participant is required to report the opening, closing or change of details of any foreign bank account to Russian tax authorities within one (1) month of opening, closing or change of details of such account. The Participant is also required to report (i) the beginning and ending balances in such a foreign bank account each year, and (ii) transactions related to such a foreign account during the year to the Russian tax authorities, on or before June 1 of the following year. The tax authorities may require supporting documents related to transactions in such foreign bank accounts. The Participant should consult the Participant s personal tax advisor to determine and ensure compliance with the Participant s foreign asset/account reporting obligations. The Participant is also required to report the Participant s foreign brokerage accounts and foreign accounts with other financial institutions (financial market organizations). Certain specific exceptions from the reporting requirements may apply. Anti-Corruption Legislation Information Individuals holding public office in Russia, as well as their spouses and dependent children, may be prohibited from opening or maintaining a foreign brokerage or bank account and holding any securities, whether acquired directly or indirectly, in a foreign company (including the Shares acquired under the Plan). The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal legal advisor to determine whether this restriction applies to the Participant s circumstances. SAUDI ARABIA NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom except to such persons as are permitted under the Rules of the Offers of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority. The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this document. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorized financial adviser. SINGAPORE NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The grant of the RSUs is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA and is not made to Participant with a view to the underlying Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been, and will not be, lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Participant should note that the RSUs are subject to section 257 of the SFA and the Participant should not make (i) any subsequent sale of the Shares in Singapore or (ii) any offer of such subsequent sale of the Shares subject to the RSUs in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made after six (6) months from the Date of Grant or pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. The Company s Common Stock is currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange, 

42 which is located outside of Singapore, under the ticker symbol DHR and the Shares acquired under the Plan may be sold through this exchange. Director Notification Requirement If the Participant is a director, associate director, or shadow director of a Singapore Subsidiary of the Company, the Participant is subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act, regardless of whether the Participant is resident or employed in Singapore. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Subsidiary in writing when the Participant receives an interest (e.g., RSUs, Shares, etc.) in the Company or any related company. In addition, the Participant must notify the Singapore Subsidiary when the Participant sells the Shares of the Company or any related company (including when the Participant sells the Shares acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within two (2) business days of (i) its acquisition or disposal, (ii) any change in a previously-disclosed interest (e.g., upon vesting of the RSUs or when Shares acquired under the Plan are subsequently sold), or (iii) becoming a director. If you are the Chief Executive Officer of the Singapore Subsidiary of the Company, these requirements may also apply to you. SLOVAKIA No country-specific provisions. SOUTH AFRICA TERMS AND CONDITIONS Tax Obligations The following provision supplements Section 7(a) of the Agreement: By accepting the RSUs, the Participant agrees to immediately notify the Employer of the amount of any gain realized upon vesting of the RSUs. If the Participant fails to advise the Employer of the gain realized at vesting, the Participant may be liable for a fine. The Participant will be responsible for paying any difference between the actual tax liability and the amount of tax withheld by the Company or Employer. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice In compliance with South African securities laws, the documents listed below are available on the following websites: i. a copy of the Company's most recent annual report (i.e., Form 10-K) is available at: https://investors.danaher.com/sec-filings; ii. a copy of the Plan is attached as an exhibit to the Company s annual report (i.e., Form 10-K) available at https://investors.danaher.com/sec-filings; and iii. a copy of the Plan Prospectus is available at www.fidelity.com. A copy of the above documents will be sent to the Participant free of charge on written request to Danaher Corporation, 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W. Suite 800W, Washington, DC 20037, USA Attention: Corporate Secretary. 

43 The Participant should carefully read the materials provided before making a decision whether to participate in the Plan. In addition, the Participant should contact the Participant s tax advisor for specific information concerning the Participant s personal tax situation with regard to Plan participation. Exchange Control Notice The RSUs may be subject to exchange control regulations in South Africa. In particular, if the Participant is a South African resident for exchange control purposes, the Participant is required to obtain approval from the South African Reserve Bank for payments (including payments of proceeds from the sale of the Shares) that the Participant receives into accounts based outside of South Africa (e.g., a U.S. brokerage account). Because exchange control regulations are subject to change, the Participant should consult with the Participant s personal advisor to ensure compliance with current regulations. The Participant is responsible for ensuring compliance with all exchange control laws in South Africa. SPAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS Nature of RSUs The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Agreement: In accepting the grant of the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant consents to participation in the Plan and has received a copy of the Plan. The Participant understands that the Company, in its sole discretion, has unilaterally and gratuitously decided to grant RSUs under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any RSUs will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on an ongoing basis. Consequently, the Participant understands that the RSUs are granted on the assumption and condition that such RSUs and any Shares acquired upon vesting of the RSUs shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. Further, as a condition of the grant of the RSUs, unless otherwise expressly provided for by the Company or set forth in the Agreement, the RSUs will be cancelled without entitlement to any Shares if the Participant terminates employment by reason of, including, but not limited to: resignation, retirement, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause (i.e., subject to a despido improcedente ), material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, or under Article 10.3 of Royal Decree 1382/1985. The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine the date when the Participant s employment has terminated for purposes of the RSUs. The Participant understands that the grant of the RSUs would not be granted but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above; thus, the Participant acknowledges and freely accepts that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then any grant of, or right to, the RSUs shall be null and void. 

44 NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory in connection with the RSUs. The Plan, the Agreement (including this Addendum A) and any other documents evidencing the grant of the RSUs have not, nor will they be, registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores, and none of those documents constitutes a public offering prospectus. Exchange Control Notice The Participant must declare the acquisition of the Shares to the Direcci n General de Comercio e Inversiones (the Bureau for Commerce and Investments, the DGCI of the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness for statistical purposes. The Participant must also declare ownership of any Shares with the Directorate of Foreign Transactions each January while the Shares are owned. In addition, if the Participant wishes to import the ownership title of the Shares (i.e., share certificates) into Spain, the Participant must declare the importation of such securities to the DGCI. The sale of the Shares must also be declared to the DGCI by means of a form D-6 filed in January. The form D-6, generally, must be filed within one (1) month after the sale if the Participant owns more than 10 of the share capital of the Company or the Participant s investment exceeds 1,502,530. In addition, the Participant may be required to electronically declare to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including Shares acquired under the Plan), and any transactions with non- Spanish residents, depending on the balances in such accounts together with the value of such instruments as of December 31 of the relevant year, or the volume of transactions with non-Spanish residents during the relevant year. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information To the extent the Participant holds rights or assets (e.g., cash or the Shares held in a bank or brokerage account) outside of Spain with a value in excess of 50,000 per type of right or asset as of December 31 each year (or at any time during the year in which the Participant sells or disposes of such right or asset), the Participant is required to report information on such rights and assets on the Participant s tax return for such year. After such rights or assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will only apply for subsequent years if the value of any previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than 20,000 per type of right or asset as of each subsequent December 31, or if the Participant sells Shares or cancel bank accounts that were previously reported. Failure to comply with this reporting requirement may result in penalties to the Spanish residents. In addition, the Participant may be required to electronically declare to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including Shares acquired under the Plan), and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of Shares made pursuant to the Plan), depending on the balances in such accounts together with the value of such instruments as of December 31 of the relevant year, or the volume of transactions with non-Spanish residents during the relevant year. Spanish residents should consult with their personal tax and legal advisors to ensure compliance with their personal reporting obligations. 

45 SWEDEN No country-specific provisions. SWITZERLAND NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the RSUs (a) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (b) may be publicly distributed nor otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or (c) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 of FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). TAIWAN TERMS AND CONDITIONS Data Privacy The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has read and understands the terms regarding collection, processing and transfer of personal data contained in Section 13 of the Agreement and agrees that, upon request of the Company or the Employer, the Participant will provide any executed data privacy consent form to the Employer or the Company (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Employer or the Company) that the Company and/or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain under the data privacy laws in Participant s country, either now or in the future. The Participant understands the Participant will not be able to participate in the Plan if the Participant fails to execute any such consent or agreement. NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The offer of participation in the Plan is available only for employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The offer of participation in the Plan is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. Exchange Control Notice If the Participant is a resident of Taiwan, the Participant may acquire foreign currency, and remit the same out of or into Taiwan, up to US 5,000,000 per year without justification. If the transaction amount is TWD 500,000 or more in a single transaction, the Participant must submit a Foreign Exchange Transaction Form to the remitting bank. If the transaction amount is US 500,000 or more in a single transaction, the Participant may be required to provide additional supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank. 

46 THAILAND NOTIFICATIONS Exchange Control Notice Thai residents receiving funds in connection with the Plan (e.g., dividends or sale proceeds) with a value equal to or greater than USD 1,000,000 per transaction are required to repatriate the funds to Thailand immediately following the receipt of the funds and to then either convert such repatriated funds into Thai Baht or deposit the funds into a foreign currency account opened with any commercial bank in Thailand acting as the authorized agent within 360 days of repatriation. The Participant is also required to inform the authorized agent of the details of the foreign currency transaction, including the Participant s identification information and the purpose of the transaction. If the Participant does not comply with this obligation, the Participant may be subject to penalties assessed by the Bank of Thailand. Because exchange control regulations change frequently and without notice, the Participant should consult a legal advisor before selling Shares to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is the Participant s responsibility to comply with exchange control laws in Thailand, and neither the Company nor any Parent or Subsidiary will be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from the Participant s failure to comply with applicable laws. TURKEY NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice Under Turkish law, the Participant is not permitted to sell the Shares acquired under the Plan in Turkey. The Shares are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol DHR and the Shares may be sold through this exchange. Exchange Control Notice In certain circumstances, Turkish residents are permitted to sell the Shares traded on a non-Turkish stock exchange only through a financial intermediary licensed in Turkey. Therefore, Turkish residents may be required to appoint a Turkish broker to assist with the sale of the Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant should consult the Participant s personal legal advisor before selling any Shares acquired under the Plan to confirm the applicability of this requirement. UNITED ARAB EMIRATES NOTIFICATIONS Securities Law Notice The Agreement, the Plan, and other incidental communication materials related to the RSUs are intended for distribution only to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of an incentive scheme. The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority and Central Bank have no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection this statement. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved this statement nor taken steps to verify the 

47 information set out in it, and have no responsibility for it. The securities to which this statement relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. If the Participant does not understand the contents of the Agreement, including this Addendum A, or the Plan, the Participant should obtain independent professional advice. UNITED KINGDOM TERMS AND CONDITIONS Tax Obligations The following provision supplements Section 7 of the Agreement: Without limitation to Section 7 of the Agreement, the Participant hereby agrees that the Participant is liable for all Tax Related-Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax Related-Items, as and when requested by the Company, or if different, the Employer, or by Her Majesty s Revenue Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). The Participant also hereby agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and, if different, the Employer, against any Tax Related-Items that they are required to pay or withhold, or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on the Participant s behalf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the Participant may not be able to indemnify the Company or the Employer for the amount of any income tax not collected from or paid by the Participant, as it may be considered a loan. In this case, the amount of any uncollected amounts may constitute a benefit to the Participant on which additional income tax and National Insurance Contributions may be payable. The Participant will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying the Company or the Employer for the value of any National Insurance Contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Company or the Employer may recover by any of the means referred to in Section 7 of the Agreement. 

48 ADDENDUM B EMPLOYER INFORMATION STATEMENT DENMARK RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT EMPLOYER STATEMENT Danaher Corporation (hereinafter the Company must in accordance with the Danish Act on the use of purchase rights or subscription rights to shares etc. in employment relationships (hereinafter the Act ), provide you with the following information regarding the grant of stock options and/or restricted stock units (hereinafter the Grant which you have received under the Danaher Corporation Incentive Program. . This statement contains only the information set out in section 3(1) of the Act. The terms of the Grant are described in detail in the Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and in applicable award agreement relating to your award (hereinafter the Agreement 1. Date of the grant The grant date of your award is set forth in the Agreement of which this statement forms a part. 2. Terms of the grant The Grant is determined solely at the discretion of the Board (or the relevant board Committee). In its assessment, the Board (or the relevant board committee) has considered several factors, including your personal performance. Regardless of your personal performance and the Company's future prospects, the Company may decide unilaterally and in its sole discretion, not to grant options and/or restricted stock units to you in the future. Pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, you are not entitled and have no claim to receive future options and/or restricted stock units as a consequence of the Grant. 3. Exercise date Options and restricted stock units granted under the Plan are governed by the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and the applicable Agreement. 4. Exercise price With respect to any award of stock options, during the exercise period, the options may be exercised to purchase shares in the Company at the exercise price specified in the applicable Agreement. With respect to any award of restricted stock units, you do not have to pay any exercise fee when the restricted stock units have vested, and the shares are issued/transferred to you. 5. Your rights upon termination of employment Your rights upon termination of employment are set out in the Plan and the Agreement, which contain the terms for your options and RSUs in connection with disability, death, retirement, termination for gross misconduct and other terminations . 

49 6. Financial aspects of participation in the Program The Grant may have no immediate fiscal impact for you. The value of the rights which you have been granted under the Agreement, including the value of any shares that you purchase through exercising stock options and any shares issued pursuant to restricted stock units, are not taken into account when calculating holiday allowance, holiday supplement or other supplements or compensations stipulated by law, which are calculated in full or in part on the basis of the salary. Shares are financial instruments and investing in shares always involves a financial risk. The possibility of making a profit at the time you sell your shares depends on the Company's financial performance and its future prospects, as well as other factors such as the general economic situation and the situation in the financial markets. The value of any of the Company's ordinary shares that you purchase by exercising the share option, or receive as a result of restrictive stock units, can go both up and down. Previously achieved results of the Company s ordinary shares do not necessarily reflect how they will perform in the future. There are no guarantees that a share which you purchase by exercising the share option, or the granted restrictive stock units, will increase in value or retain the value that it had when it was purchased/granted. You are ultimately responsible for compliance with the obligations in regard to income tax, social insurances, or other tax withholdings (hereinafter Tax-related matters in connection with the Grant or the exercise thereof. By accepting the Grant, you simultaneously give permission for the Company and its subsidiaries to withhold all applicable Tax-related matters that you are legally obligated to pay of your salary or other compensation paid to you by the Company or its subsidiaries, or by proceeds from the sale of shares. 

50 ARBEJDSGIVERERKL RING Danaher Corporation (herefter Selskabet skal, i overensstemmelse med den danske Lov om brug af k beret eller tegningsret til aktier m.v. i ans ttelsesforhold (herefter Loven ), tilvejebringe Dem f lgende oplysninger ang ende tildeling af aktieoptioner og/eller betingede aktieenheder (herefter Tildelingen ), som De har modtaget i henhold til Danaher Corporations incitamentsprogram. Denne erkl ring indeholder kun de oplysninger, der st r i paragraf 3, stk. 1, i Loven. Vilk rene for Tildelingen er beskrevet detaljeret i Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan (herefter Programmet og i den relevant aftale om tildeling (herefter Aftalen ). 1. Tildelingstidspunkt Tildelingsdatoen for Deres tildeling er fastsat i Aftalen, som denne erkl ring udg r en del af. 2. Vilk r for tildelinger Tildelingen er vedtaget alene efter Bestyrelsens sk n (eller den relevante bestyrelseskomit s). Bestyrelsen (eller den relevante bestyrelseskomit har i sin bed mmelse overvejet en r kke faktorer, herunder Deres personlige pr stationer. Uagtet Deres personlige pr station og Selskabets fremtidsudsigter kan Selskabet beslutte, alene og efter eget sk n, ikke at tildele aktieoptioner og/eller betingede aktieenheder til Dem i fremtiden. I henhold til betingelserne i Programmet og Aftalen har De hverken ret til eller krav p at modtage fremtidige aktieoptioner og/eller betingede aktieenheder i medf r af Tildelingen. 3. Udnyttelsesdato Optioner og betingede aktieenheder, der er tildelt i henhold til Programmet, er reguleret af de betingelser, der er angivet i Programmet og i Aftalen. 4. Udnyttelsespris Med hensyn til tildeling af aktieoptioner, kan optionerne i udnyttelsesperioden udnyttes for at k be aktier i Selskabet til den udnyttelsespris, der er angivet i Aftalen. Med hensyn til tildeling af betingede aktieenheder skal De ikke betale noget udnyttelsesvederlag, n r de betingede aktieenheder vester (modnes) og aktier udstedes/overdrages til Dem. 5. Deres rettigheder ved ans ttelsens oph r Deres rettigheder ved ans ttelsens oph r er beskrevet i Programmet og Aftalen, som indeholder vilk r om Deres aktieoptioner og aktieenheder i tilf lde af uarbejdsdygtighed, d dsfald, pensionering, grov misligholdelse samt anden oph r af ans ttelsen. 6. konomiske aspekter ved deltagelse i Programmet Tildelingen har n ppe umiddelbar konomisk betydning for Dem. V rdien af de rettigheder, som De har under Aftalen, herunder v rdien af aktier, som De k ber gennem udnyttelse af aktieoptioner, samt aktier udstedt i henhold til betingede aktieenheder, tages der ikke hensyn til, n r der skal beregnes feriegodtg relse, ferietill g eller andre till g eller kompensationer fastsat ved lov, som helt eller delvist udm les p baggrund af l nnen. 

51 Aktier er finansielle instrumenter, og en investering i aktier indeb rer altid en konomisk risiko. Muligheden for fortjeneste p det tidspunkt, De s lger Deres aktier, afh nger af Selskabets konomiske pr station og dets fremtidsudsigter samt andre faktorer som f.eks. den generelle konomiske situation og situationen i de finansielle markeder. V rdien af hvilke som helst af Selskabets ordin re aktier, som De k ber ved at udnytte aktieoptionen, eller f r som f lge af betingede aktieenheder, kan g b de op og ned. Selskabets ordin re aktiers tidligere opn ede resultater siger ikke n dvendigvis noget om, hvordan de klarer sig fremover. Der udstedes ikke nogen garantier om, at en aktie, De k ber ved at udnytte aktieoptionen, eller de tildelte betingede aktieenheder, stiger i v rdi eller bevarer den v rdi, som den havde, da den blev k bt/tildelt. De er i sidste instans ansvarlig for overholdelse af forpligtelsen mht. indkomstskat, sociale forsikringer eller andre skattem ssige tilbageholdelser (herefter Skatterelaterede forhold i forbindelse med Tildelingen eller udnyttelsen heraf. Ved accept af Tildelingen giver De tilladelse til, at Selskabet og dets datterselskaber tilbageholder alle g ldende Skatterelaterede forhold, som De er juridisk forpligtiget til at betale ud af Deres l n eller af anden kompensation, som er udbetalt til Dem af Selskabet eller dets datterselskaber, eller af provenu fra aktiesalget. 

52 ADDENDUM C PERSONAL DATA (PRIVACY) ORDINANCE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION STATEMENT HONG KONG As part of its responsibilities in relation to the collection, holding, processing or use of the personal data of employees under the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, the Danaher Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company and the Participant s Hong Kong employer, as applicable, (the Hong Kong Employer hereby is providing the Participant with the following information. Purpose From time to time, it is necessary for the Participant to provide the Company and the Hong Kong Employer with the Participant's Personal Information for purposes related to the Participant s employment and the grant of equity compensation awards by the Company to the Participant under the Plan, as amended and restated and any other equity compensation plan that may be established by the Company (collectively, the Plan ), as well as managing the Participant s ongoing participation in the Plan and for other purposes directly relating thereunder. Transfer of Personal Data Personal data will be kept confidential but, subject to the provisions of any applicable law, may be: made available to appropriate persons at the Company around the world (and the Participant hereby consents to the transfer of the Participant s data outside of Hong Kong); supplied to any agent, contractor or third party who provides administrative or other services to the Company and/or the Hong Kong Employer or elsewhere and who has a duty of confidentiality (examples of such persons include, but are not limited to, any third party brokers or administrators engaged by the Company in relation to the Plan, external auditors, trustees, insurance companies, actuaries and any consultants/agents appointed by the Company and/or the Hong Kong Employer to plan, provide and/or administer employee benefits and awards granted under the Plan); disclosed to any government departments or other appropriate governmental or regulatory authorities in Hong Kong or elsewhere such as the Inland Revenue Department and the Labour Department; made available to any actual or proposed purchaser of all or part of the business of the Company or the Hong Kong Employer, in the case of any merger, acquisition or other public offering, the purchaser or subscriber for shares in the Company or the Hong Kong Employer; and made available to third parties in the form of marketing materials and/or directories identifying the names, office telephone numbers, email addresses and/or other contact information for key officers, senior employees and their secretaries, assistants and support staff of the Company or the Hong Kong Employer for promotional and administrative purposes. Transfer of the Participant's Personal Information in connection with the Plan will only be made for one or more of the purposes specified above. Access and Correction of Personal Data 

53 Under the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, the Participant has the right to ascertain whether the Hong Kong Employer holds the Participant's Personal Information, to obtain a copy of the data, and to correct any data that is inaccurate. The Participant may also request the Hong Kong Employer to inform the Participant of the type of personal data that it holds. Requests for access and correction or for information regarding policies and practices and kinds of data in connection with the Plan should be addressed in writing to: Danaher s Corporate Compensation department at the headquarters address of Danaher Corporation set forth above A small fee may be charged to offset our administrative costs in complying with the Participant s access requests. Nothing in this statement shall limit the rights of the Participant under the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance. The Participant s signature set forth on the signature page of this Agreement represents the Participant s acknowledgement of the terms contained herein. 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 7
 ex108-psuagreement.htm
 EX-10.8

ex108-psuagreement 

Exhibit 10.8 1 DANAHER CORPORATION 2007 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, As Amended and Restated (the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Performance Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement ). I. NOTICE OF GRANT Name: Employee ID: The undersigned Participant has been granted an Award of Performance Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows (each of the following capitalized terms are defined terms having the meaning indicated below): Date of Grant: Target PSUs: TSR Performance Period: February 24, _____ through December 31, ____ ROIC Performance Period: January 1, ____ through December 31, ____ Vesting Conditions: Per this Agreement (including Addendum A) II. AGREEMENT 1. Grant of PSUs. Danaher Corporation (the Company hereby grants to the Participant named in this Grant Notice (the Participant ), an Award of Performance Stock Units (or PSUs to acquire a number of shares of Common Stock (the Shares set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. When used in this Agreement, the term Performance Period means the period beginning on the earlier of the beginning date of the TSR Performance Period or the beginning date of the ROIC Performance Period, and ending on the later of the ending date of the TSR Performance Period or the ending date of the ROIC Performance Period. 2. Vesting. (a) Vesting Schedule. Except as may otherwise be set forth in this Agreement or in the Plan, the Award shall vest with respect to the number of PSUs, if any, as determined pursuant to the terms of Addendum A, which is incorporated by reference herein and made a part of this Agreement (such terms are referred to herein as the Vesting Conditions provided that (except as set forth in Sections 4(b) and 4(c) below) the Award shall not vest with respect to any PSUs under the terms of this Agreement unless the Participant continues to be actively employed with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary from the Date of Grant through the date on which the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors determines the number of PSUs that vest pursuant to the Vesting Conditions (the Certification Date ). The Committee shall determine how many PSUs vest pursuant to the Vesting Conditions and such determination shall be final and conclusive. Until the Committee has made such a determination, none of the Vesting Conditions will be considered to have been satisfied. Such certification 

2 shall occur, if at all, no later than four (4) calendar months following the last day of the Performance Period (the Certification End Date ). (b) Fractional PSU Vesting. In the event the Participant is vested in a fractional portion of a PSU (a Fractional Portion ), such Fractional Portion will be rounded up and converted into a whole Share and issued to the Participant; provided that to the extent rounding a fractional share up would result in the imposition of either (i) individual tax and penalty interest charges imposed under Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 409A ), or (ii) adverse tax consequences if the Participant is located outside of the United States, the fractional share will be rounded down without the payment of any consideration in respect of such fractional share. 3. Form and Timing of Payment; Conditions to Issuance of Shares. (a) Form and Timing of Payment. The Award of PSUs represents the right to receive a number of Shares equal to the number of PSUs that vest pursuant to the Vesting Conditions. Unless and until the PSUs have vested in the manner set forth herein, the Participant shall have no right to payment of any such PSUs. Prior to actual issuance of any Shares underlying the PSUs, such PSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. Subject to the other terms of the Plan and this Agreement, with respect to any PSUs that vest in accordance with this Agreement (other than in cases where the Participant dies during employment, which is addressed in Section 4(b) below), the underlying Shares will be paid to the Participant in whole Shares (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights will also be paid) as soon as practicable (but in any event within 90 days) following the fifth anniversary of the commencement date of the Performance Period (the Commencement Date ), and such payment shall not be conditioned on continuation of the Participant s active employment with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary following the Certification Date. Shares shall not be issued under the Plan unless the issuance and delivery of such Shares comply with (or are exempt from) all applicable requirements of law, including (without limitation) the Securities Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws and regulations, and the regulations of any stock exchange or other securities market on which the Company s securities may then be traded. The Committee may require the Participant to take any reasonable action in order to comply with any such rules or regulations. (b) Acknowledgment of Potential Securities Law Restrictions. Unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covers the Shares issued upon vesting of a PSU, the Committee may require that the Participant agree in writing to acquire such Shares for investment and not for public resale or distribution, unless and until the Shares subject to the PSUs are registered under the Securities Act. The Committee may also require the Participant to acknowledge that the Participant shall not sell or transfer such Shares except in compliance with all applicable laws, and may apply such other restrictions as it deems appropriate. The Participant acknowledges that the U.S. federal securities laws prohibit trading in the stock of the Company by persons who are in possession of material, non-public information, and also acknowledges and understands the other restrictions set forth in the Company s Insider Trading Policy. 4. Termination. (a) General. In the event the Participant s active employment or other active service- providing relationship, as applicable, with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates (the date of any such termination is referred to as the Termination Date for any reason (other than death, Early Retirement or Normal Retirement) whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the PSUs, all PSUs that are unvested as of the Termination Date shall automatically terminate as of the Termination Date and the Participant s right to receive further PSUs under the Plan shall also terminate as of the Termination Date. The Committee shall have discretion to determine whether the Participant has 

3 ceased to be actively employed by (or, if the Participant is a consultant or director, has ceased actively providing services to) the Company or Eligible Subsidiary, and the effective date on which such active employment (or active service-providing relationship, as applicable) terminated. The Participant s active employer-employee or other active service-providing relationship, as applicable, will not be extended by any notice period mandated under applicable law (e.g., active employment shall not include a period of garden leave, paid administrative leave or similar period pursuant to applicable law). Unless the Committee provides otherwise (1) termination of the Participant s employment will include instances in which Participant is terminated and immediately rehired as an independent contractor, and (2) the spin-off, sale, or disposition of the Participant s employer from the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary (whether by transfer of shares, assets or otherwise) such that the Participant s employer no longer constitutes an Eligible Subsidiary will constitute a termination of employment or service. (b) Death. (i) In the event the Participant s active employment or other active service-providing relationship with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates as a result of death prior to the conclusion of the Performance Period, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the Award, the Participant s estate will become vested in the portion of the Award determined by multiplying (1) the amount of Target PSUs (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) subject to such Award, times (2) the quotient of the number of complete twelve-month periods between and including the Commencement Date and the Termination Date (provided that any partial twelve-month period between and including the Commencement Date and the Termination Date shall also be considered a complete twelve-month period for purposes of this pro-ration methodology), divided by the total number of twelve-month periods in the Performance Period. With respect to any PSUs that vest pursuant to this Section 4(b), the underlying Shares (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) will be paid to the Participant s estate as soon as reasonably practicable (but in any event within 90 days) following the Participant s death. (ii) In the event the Participant s active employment or other active service-providing relationship with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates as a result of death following the conclusion of the Performance Period but prior to the date the Shares (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) underlying vested PSUs are issued and paid, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the Award, the underlying Shares (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) will be paid to the Participant s estate as soon as reasonably practicable (but in any event within 90 days) following the later of (i) the Participant s death, and (ii) the Certification End Date. (iii) For avoidance of doubt, in all other situations, if the Participant dies after the Participant s active employment or other active service-providing relationship with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates but prior to the date the Shares (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) underlying vested PSUs are issued and paid, the underlying Shares (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) will be paid to the Participant s estate as soon as reasonably practicable (but in any event within 90 days) following the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date. (iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, upon termination of employment by reason of the Participant s death, if as of the date of death the Participant also qualifies for Early Retirement or Normal Retirement as reflected below, the Participant s estate shall be entitled to the most favorable terms of both applicable termination provisions. (c) Retirement. In the event the Participant s active employment or other active service- providing relationship, as applicable, with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates prior to the 

4 Certification Date as a result of Normal Retirement or Early Retirement, the unvested portion of the PSUs held by the Participant for at least six (6) months prior to Normal Retirement or Early Retirement date will continue to vest in accordance with Section 2 subject to actual performance to be measured as of the end of the Performance Period. (d) Gross Misconduct. If the Participant s employment with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary is terminated for Gross Misconduct as determined by the Administrator, the Administrator in its sole discretion may provide that all, or any portion specified by the Administrator, of the Participant s unvested PSUs shall automatically terminate as of the time of termination without consideration. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s termination of employment shall also be deemed to be a termination of employment by reason of the Participant s Gross Misconduct if, after the Participant s employment has terminated, facts and circumstances are discovered or confirmed by the Company that would have justified a termination for Gross Misconduct. (e) Violation of Post-Termination Covenant. To the extent that any of the Participant s unvested PSUs remain outstanding under the terms of the Plan or this Agreement after the Termination Date, any unvested PSUs shall expire as of the date the Participant violates any covenant not to compete or other post-termination covenant that exists between the Participant on the one hand and the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, on the other hand. (f) Substantial Corporate Change. Upon a Substantial Corporate Change, the Participant s unvested PSUs will terminate unless provision is made in writing in connection with such transaction for the assumption or continuation of the PSUs, or the substitution for such PSUs of any options or grants covering the stock or securities of a successor employer corporation, or a parent or subsidiary of such successor, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares of stock and prices, in which event the PSUs will continue in the manner and under the terms so provided. (g) Non-Transferability of PSUs. Unless the Committee determines otherwise in advance in writing, PSUs may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the applicable laws of descent or distribution. The terms of the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs and permitted successors and assigns of the Participant. 5. Amendment of PSUs or Plan. (a) The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Participant expressly warrants that the Participant is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. The Board may amend, modify or terminate the Plan or any Award in any respect at any time; provided, however, that modifications to this Agreement or the Plan that materially and adversely affect the Participant s rights hereunder can be made only in an express written contract signed by the Company and the Participant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Agreement and the Participant s rights under outstanding PSUs as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Participant, (1) upon a Substantial Corporate Change, (2) as required by law, or (3) to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection with this Award. (b) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that if the Participant changes classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee the Committee may in its sole discretion reduce or eliminate the Participant s unvested PSUs. 

5 6. Tax Obligations. (a) Withholding Taxes. Regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary employing the Participant (the Employer takes with respect to any or all federal, state, local or foreign income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax related items Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items associated with the PSUs is and remains the Participant s responsibility and that the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the PSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the PSUs, the delivery of the Shares, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents; and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the PSUs to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. Further, if the Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. (i) This Section 6(a)(i) shall apply to the Participant only if the Participant is not subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the date the relevant PSU first becomes includible in the gross income of Participant for purposes of Tax Related ITems. The Participant shall, no later than the date as of which the value of a PSU first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for purposes of Tax-Related Items, pay to the Company and/or the Employer, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment of, all Tax-Related Items required by applicable law to be withheld by the Company and/or the Employer with respect to the PSU. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be conditional on the making of such payments or arrangements, and the Company and/or the Employer shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, have the right to deduct any such Tax-Related Items from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant. The Company shall have the right to require the Participant to remit to the Company an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any applicable withholding requirements related thereto. With the approval of the Administrator, the Participant may satisfy the foregoing requirement by either (i) electing to have the Company withhold from delivery of Shares or (ii) delivering already owned unrestricted Shares, in each case, having a value up to the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld in the applicable jurisdiction (or such other rate that will not cause adverse accounting consequences for the Company). Any such Shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date as of which the amount of Tax-Related Items to be withheld is determined. Such an election may be made with respect to all or any portion of the Shares to be delivered pursuant to an Award. The Company may also use any other method or combination of methods of obtaining the necessary payment or proceeds, as permitted by applicable law, to satisfy its withholding obligation with respect to any PSU. (ii) This Section 6(a)(ii) shall apply to the Participant only if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the date the relevant PSU first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for purposes of Tax-Related Items. All Tax-Related Items legally payable by the Participant in respect of the PSUs shall be satisfied by the Company, withholding a number of the Shares that would otherwise be delivered to the Participant upon the vesting or settlement of the PSUs with a Fair Market Value, determined as of the date of the relevant taxable event, equal to the minimum statutory withholding amount that applies to the Participant, rounded up to the nearest whole share Net Settlement ). The Net Settlement mechanism described in this paragraph was approved by the Committee prior to the Date of Grant in a manner intended to constitute approval in advance by the Committee for purposes of Rule 16b3-(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (iii) If the obligation for Tax Related-Items is satisfied by withholding in net settlement, for tax purposes, the Participant shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares 

6 issued upon vesting of the PSUs notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax Related-Items. (b) Code Section 409A. Payments made pursuant to this Plan and the Agreement are intended to qualify for an exemption from or comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement, the Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan and/or this Agreement to ensure that all PSUs granted to Participants who are United States taxpayers are made in such a manner that either qualifies for exemption from or complies with Section 409A; provided, however, that the Company makes no representations that the Plan or the PSUs shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Plan or any PSUs granted thereunder. If this Agreement fails to meet the requirements of Section 409A, neither the Company nor any of its Eligible Subsidiaries shall have any liability for any tax, penalty or interest imposed on the Participant by Section 409A, and the Participant shall have no recourse against the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries for payment of any such tax, penalty or interest imposed by Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, these provisions shall apply to any payments and benefits otherwise payable to or provided to the Participant under this Agreement. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment (as defined by Section 409A) made under this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment. In addition, for purposes of Section 409A, payments shall be deemed exempt from the definition of deferred compensation under Section 409A to the fullest extent possible under (i) the short-term deferral exemption of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4), and (ii) (with respect to amounts paid as separation pay no later than the second calendar year following the calendar year containing the Participant s separation from service (as defined for purposes of Section 409A)) the two years/two-times involuntary separation pay exemption of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), which are hereby incorporated by reference. For purposes of making a payment under this Agreement, if any amount is payable as a result of a Substantial Corporate Change, such event must also constitute a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. If the Participant is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A (and as applied according to procedures of the Company and its Subsidiaries) as of the Participant s separation from service, to the extent any payment under this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation (after taking into account any applicable exemptions from Section 409A), and such payment is payable by reason of a separation from service, then to the extent required by Section 409A, no payments due under this Agreement may be made until the earlier of: (i) the first day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service, or (ii) the Participant s date of death; provided, however, that any payments delayed during this six-month period shall be paid in the aggregate in a lump sum, without interest, on the first day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service. 7. Rights as Shareholder; Dividends. The Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in this Section 7 with respect to Dividend Equivalent Rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the PSUs or any Shares underlying or issuable in respect of such PSUs until such Shares are actually issued to the Participant. No adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the stock certificate or book entry evidencing such Shares. If on or after the Date of Grant and prior to the date the Shares underlying vested PSUs are issued to the Participant a record date occurs with respect to a cash dividend declared by the Board on the shares of Company Common Stock, the Participant will be credited with dividend equivalents equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the Company on its Common 

7 Stock with respect to such record date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of PSUs subject to the Award that vest (a Dividend Equivalent Right provided that any Dividend Equivalent Rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 7 shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the PSUs to which they relate and for the avoidance of doubt shall only vest and be paid if and when the PSUs to which such Dividend Equivalent Rights relate vest and the underlying shares are issued; and provided further that Dividend Equivalent Rights that vest and are paid shall be paid in cash. 8. No Employment Contract. Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement constitutes an employment or service contract between the Company and the Participant and this Agreement shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continuation of employment or service with the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries, nor shall this Agreement interfere in any way with the Company s or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries right to terminate the Participant s employment or service or at any time, with or without cause (subject to any employment or service agreement the Participant may otherwise have with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary thereof and/or applicable law). 9. Board Authority. The Board and/or the Committee shall have the power to interpret this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Agreement as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether any PSUs have vested). All interpretations and determinations made by the Board and/or the Committee in good faith shall be final and binding upon the Participant, the Company and all other interested persons and such determinations of the Board and/or the Committee do not have to be uniform nor do they have to consider whether Plan participants are similarly situated. 10. Headings. The captions used in this Agreement and the Plan are inserted for convenience and shall not be deemed to be a part of the PSUs for construction and interpretation. 11. Electronic Delivery. (a) If the Participant executes this Agreement electronically, for the avoidance of doubt the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s execution of this Agreement electronically (through an on-line system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company, or otherwise) shall have the same binding legal effect as would execution of this Agreement in paper form. The Participant acknowledges that upon request of the Company the Participant shall also provide an executed, paper form of this Agreement. (b) If the Participant executes this Agreement in paper form, for the avoidance of doubt the parties acknowledge and agree that it is their intent that any agreement previously or subsequently entered into between the parties that is executed electronically shall have the same binding legal effect as if such agreement were executed in paper form. (c) If the Participant executes this Agreement multiple times (for example, if the Participant first executes this Agreement in electronic form and subsequently executes this Agreement in paper form), the Participant acknowledges and agrees that (i) no matter how many versions of this Agreement are executed and in whatever medium, this Agreement only evidences a single Award relating to the number of PSUs set forth in the Grant Notice and (ii) this Agreement shall be effective as of the earliest execution of this Agreement by the parties, whether in paper form or electronically, and the subsequent execution of this Agreement in the same or a different medium shall in no way impair the binding legal effect of this Agreement as of the time of original execution. 

8 (d) The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver by electronic means any documents related to the PSUs, to participation in the Plan, or to future awards granted under the Plan, or otherwise required to be delivered to the Participant pursuant to the Plan or under applicable law, including but not limited to, the Plan, the Agreement, the Plan prospectus and any reports of the Company generally provided to shareholders. Such means of electronic delivery may include, but do not necessarily include, the delivery of a link to the Company s intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of documents via electronic mail e-mail or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. By executing this Agreement, the Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery. At the Participant s written request to the Secretary of the Company, the Company shall provide a paper copy of any document at no cost to the Participant. 12. Data Privacy. The Company is located at 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800W, Washington, D.C., 20037, United States of America and grants PSUs under the Plan to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries in its sole discretion. In conjunction with the Company s grant of the PSUs under the Plan and its ongoing administration of such awards, the Company is providing the following information about its data collection, processing and transfer practices Personal Data Activities ). In accepting the grant of the PSUs, the Participant expressly and explicitly consents to the Personal Data Activities as described herein. (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage. The Company collects, processes and uses the Participant's Personal Information, including the Participant s name, home address, email address, and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance/passport number or other identification number (e.g. resident registration number), salary, citizenship, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of all PSUs or any other equity compensation awards granted, canceled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or the Employer Personal Information ). In granting the PSUs under the Plan, the Company will collect the Participant's Personal Information for purposes of allocating Shares and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for the collection, processing and usage of the Participant's Personal Information is the Participant s consent. (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider. The Company transfers the Participant's Personal Information to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share the Participant's Personal Information with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition to the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. (c) International Data Transfers. The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States. The Participant should note that the Participant s country of residence may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from the United States. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of the Participant's Personal Information to the United States is the Participant s consent. (d) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal. The Participant s participation in the Plan and the Participant s grant of consent is purely voluntary. The Participant may deny or withdraw the Participant s consent at any time. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later withdraws the Participant s consent, the Participant may be unable to participate in the Plan. This would not affect the Participant s existing employment or salary; instead, the Participant merely may forfeit the opportunities associated with the Plan. 

9 (e) Data Subjects Rights. The Participant may have a number of rights under the data privacy laws in the Participant s country of residence. For example, the Participant s rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of personal data the Company processes, (ii) request rectification of incorrect data, (iii) request deletion of data, (iv) place restrictions on processing, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s country of residence, and/or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Participant's Personal Information. To receive clarification regarding the Participant s rights or to exercise the Participant s rights, the Participant should contact the Participant s local human resources department. 13. Waiver of Right to Jury Trial. EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WAIVES ANY RIGHT OR EXPECTATION AGAINST THE OTHER TO TRIAL OR ADJUDICATION BY A JURY OF ANY CLAIM, CAUSE OR ACTION ARISING WITH RESPECT TO THE PSUS OR HEREUNDER, OR THE RIGHTS, DUTIES OR LIABILITIES CREATED HEREBY. 14. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 15. Governing Law and Venue. The laws of the State of Delaware (other than its choice of law provisions) shall govern this Agreement and its interpretation. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises with respect to the PSUs, this Agreement or the Plan, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware, and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of New Castle County, or the United States Federal court for the District of Delaware, and no other courts; and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning or arising from such dispute which is brought in any such court is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any claim under the Plan, this Agreement or any Award must be commenced by the Participant within twelve (12) months of the earliest date on which the Participant s claim first arises, or the Participant s cause of action accrues, or such claim will be deemed waived by the Participant. 16. Nature of PSUs. In accepting the PSUs, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; (b) the award of PSUs is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of PSUs or benefits in lieu of PSUs, even if PSUs have been awarded in the past; (c) all decisions with respect to future equity awards, if any, shall be at the sole discretion of the Company; (d) the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary; (e) the award of PSUs and the Shares subject to the PSUs, and the income from and value of same, are an extraordinary item that (i) does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or any Subsidiary, and (ii) is outside the scope of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any; 

10 (f) the award of PSUs and the Shares subject to the PSUs, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or any Subsidiary; (g) the award of PSUs and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace or supplement any pension rights or compensation (h) unless otherwise expressly agreed with the Company, the PSUs and the Shares subject to the PSUs, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service the Participant may provide as a director of any Subsidiary; (i) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty; (j) the value of the Shares acquired upon vesting/settlement of the PSUs may increase or decrease in value; (k) in consideration of the award of PSUs, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the PSUs or from any diminution in value of the PSUs or the Shares upon vesting of the PSUs resulting from termination of the Participant s employment or continuous service with the Company or any Subsidiary (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws of the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the PSUs, the Participant agrees not to institute any claim against the Company or any Subsidiary; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by signing this Agreement/electronically accepting this Agreement, Participant shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived the Participant s entitlement to pursue or seek remedy for any such claim; and (l) neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Eligible Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant's local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the PSUs or of any amounts due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the PSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon vesting. 17. Language. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is proficient in the English language and understands the terms of this Agreement. If Participant has received the Plan, this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control, unless otherwise prescribed by applicable law. 18. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 19. Waiver. The Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other participant. 

11 20. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws. By accepting the PSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant is bound by all the terms and conditions of any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Participant further acknowledges that, depending on the Participant's country, the Participant may be or may become subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., PSUs) or rights linked to the value of Shares under the Plan during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow employees and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s personal responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Participant should speak to the Participant s personal advisor on this matter. 21. Legal and Tax Compliance; Cooperation. If the Participant resides or is employed outside of the United States, the Participant agrees, as a condition of the grant of the PSUs, to repatriate all payments attributable to the Shares and/or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the PSUs) if required by and in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant 's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, the Participant also agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries, as may be required to allow the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant's personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant 's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 22. Private Offering. The grant of the PSUs is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filing with the local securities authorities with respect to the grant of the PSUs (unless otherwise required under local law). No employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant on whether the Participant should acquire Shares under the Plan or provide the Participant with any legal, tax or financial advice with respect to the grant of the PSUs. Investment in Shares involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to acquire Shares pursuant to the PSUs, the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors and tax considerations relevant to the acquisition of Shares under the Plan or the disposition of them. Further, the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to the PSUs and the Plan, and the Participant should consult with the Participant's personal legal, tax and financial advisors for professional advice in relation to the Participant's personal circumstances. 23. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Requirements and Exchange Controls. The Participant's country may have certain foreign asset/ account reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect the Participant's ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any dividends paid on Shares, sale proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant's country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets, or transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Participant's country. The Participant may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant's participation in the Plan to the Participant's country through a designated bank or broker 

12 within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant's responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and the Participant should consult the Participant s personal legal advisor for any details. 24. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant's participation in the Plan, on the PSUs and on any Shares subject to the PSUs, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons and provided the imposition of the term or condition will not result in any adverse accounting expense to the Company, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 25. Recoupment. The PSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the terms of the Danaher Corporation Recoupment Policy in the form approved by the Committee from time to time (including any successor thereto, the Policy if and to the extent such Policy by its terms applies to the PSUs, and to the terms required by applicable law; and the terms of the Policy and such applicable law are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant's behalf, to any brokerage firm and/or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold the Participant's Shares and other amounts acquired pursuant to the Participant's PSUs, to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and/or other amounts to the Company upon the Company's enforcement of the Policy. To the extent that the Agreement and the Policy conflict, the terms of the Policy shall prevail. 26. Notices. The Company may, directly or through its third party stock plan administrator, endeavor to provide certain notices to Participant regarding certain events relating to awards that the Participant may have received or may in the future receive under the Plan, such as notices reminding the Participant of the vesting or expiration date of certain awards. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that (1) the Company has no obligation (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to provide any such notices; (2) to the extent the Company does provide any such notices to the Participant the Company does not thereby assume any obligation to provide any such notices or other notices; and (3) the Company, its Subsidiaries and the third party stock plan administrator have no liability for, and the Participant has no right whatsoever (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to make any claim against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the third party stock plan administrator based on any allegations of, damages or harm suffered by the Participant as a result of the Company s failure to provide any such notices or the Participant s failure to receive any such notices. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the Participant s residence or address. 27. Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan or this Agreement, no individual acting as a director, employee, or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will be liable to the Participant or the Participant s spouse, beneficiary, or any other person or entity for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan, nor will such individual be personally liable because of any contract or other instrument the Participant executes in such other capacity. No member of the Board or of the Committee will be liable for any action or determination (including, but limited to, any decision not to act) made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any PSUs. 28. Consent and Agreement With Respect to Plan. The Participant (a) acknowledges that the Plan and the prospectus relating thereto are available to the Participant on the website maintained by the Stock Plan Administrator; (b) represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel of the Participant s choice prior to executing this Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Agreement and the Plan; (c) accepts these PSUs subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof; (d) consents and agrees to all amendments that have been made to the Plan since it was adopted in 

13 2007 (and for the avoidance of doubt consents and agrees to each amended term reflected in the Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement), and consents and agrees that all options, restricted stock units and PSUs, if any, held by the Participant that were previously granted under the Plan as it has existed from time to time are now governed by the Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement (except to the extent the Committee has expressly provided that a particular Plan amendment does not apply retroactively); and (e) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. 

14 [If the Agreement is signed in paper form, complete and execute the following:] PARTICIPANT DANAHER CORPORATION Signature Signature Print Name Print Name Title Residence Address Declaration of Data Privacy Consent. By providing the additional signature below, the undersigned explicitly declares the Participant s consent to the data processing operations described in Section 12 of this Agreement. This includes, without limitation, the transfer of the Participant s Personal Information to, and the processing of such data by, the Company, the Employer or, as the case may be, the Stock Plan Administrator in the United States. The undersigned may withdraw the Participant s consent at any time, with future effect and for any or no reason as described in Section 13 of this Agreement. PARTICIPANT: Signature 

15 ADDENDUM A PERFORMANCE VESTING REQUIREMENTS 1. Performance Criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, terms defined in the Agreement will have the same definition in this Addendum A. The percentage of Target PSUs (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) awarded hereunder that vest will be determined based on the Company s (1) relative total shareholder return TSR percentile for the TSR Performance Period, and (2) return on invested capital ROIC performance for the ROIC Performance Period, determined as follows: (a) First, a preliminary vesting percentage of Target PSUs will be determined based on TSR percentile rank, per the table below (for TSR Percentile Rank performance between the levels indicated below, the portion of the PSUs that vest will be determined on a straight-line basis (i.e., linearly interpolated) between the two nearest levels indicated below): TSR Percentile Rank Preliminary Vesting Percentage of Target PSUs Based on TSR 75th percentile and above 200 55th percentile 100 35th percentile 50 Below 35th percentile 0 (b) The final percentage of Target PSUs (and related Dividend Equivalent Rights) awarded hereunder that vest is equal to the product of (i) the preliminary vesting percentage of Target PSUs identified in Section 1(a) of this Addendum A, and (ii) the applicable ROIC Modifier Factor identified per the table below based on the Company s Three Year Average ROIC Change: Three Year Average ROIC Change ROIC Modifier Factor At or above + 200 basis points 110 Below + 200 basis points and above zero basis points 100 At or below zero basis points 90 All PSUs that do not vest will terminate. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) if the Company s TSR for the TSR Performance Period is positive, the minimum final vesting percentage shall be twenty-five percent (25 of the Target PSUs; (ii) if the Company s TSR for the TSR Performance Period is negative, the maximum final vesting percentage shall be one hundred percent (100 of the Target PSUs; (iii) the final vesting percentage cannot exceed two hundred percent (200 of the Target PSUs; and 

16 (iv) for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Section 1(c)(i), (ii) and (iii) above, the ROIC Modifier Factor shall not apply if such factor would reduce the final vesting percentage below 25 in the case of (i) above, increase the final vesting percentage above 100 in the case of (ii) above or increase the final vesting percentage above 200 in any circumstance. 2. Definitions. For purposes of the Award, the following definitions will apply: Adjusted Invested Capital means the average of the quarter-end balances for each fiscal quarter of the ROIC Performance Period of (a) the sum of (i) the Company s GAAP total stockholders equity and (ii) the Company s GAAP total short-term and long-term debt; less (b) the Company s GAAP cash and cash equivalents; but excluding in all cases the impact of (1) any business acquisition by the Company for a purchase price equal to or greater than 250 million and consummated during the ROIC Performance Period, (2) any business sale, divestiture or disposition by the Company during the ROIC Performance Period, and (3) all Company investments in marketable or non-marketable securities that are consummated during the ROIC Performance Period. Adjusted Net Income means the Company s GAAP net income from continuing operations for the ROIC Performance Period, but excluding the Adjustment Items. Adjustment Items with respect to the ROIC Performance Period means (1) unusual or infrequently occurring items in accordance with GAAP; (2) the impact of any change in accounting principles that occurs during the ROIC Performance Period and the cumulative effect thereof, to the extent such change was not considered in establishing target performance levels (the Administrator may either apply the changed accounting principle to the calculation of Adjusted Net Income for the Baseline Year, or exclude the impact of the change in accounting principle from the calculation of Adjusted Net Income for the ROIC Performance Period); (3) goodwill and other intangible impairment charges; (4) gains or charges associated with (i) the sale or divestiture (in any manner) of any interest in a business or (ii) losing control of a business, as well as the gains or charges associated with the operation of any business (a) as to which control is or was lost in the ROIC Performance Period, or (b) as to which the Company divested or divests its interest in the ROIC Performance Period; (5) gains or charges related to the sale or impairment of assets; (6)(i) transaction costs directly related to the acquisition of a business during the ROIC Performance Period for a purchase price equal to or greater than 250 million, (ii) gains and charges associated with any business acquired by the Company during the ROIC Performance Period for a purchase price equal to or greater than 250 million, and (iii) gains or charges related to Company investments in marketable or non-marketable securities (regardless of whether such investments are consummated during or prior to the ROIC Performance Period); (7) the impact of any discrete income tax charges or benefits recorded in the ROIC Performance Period; (8) all non-cash amortization charges; and (9) all after-tax interest expense; provided, that with respect to the gains and charges referred to in sections (3), (4), (5) and (7), only gains or charges that individually or as part of a series of related items exceed 10 million during the ROIC Performance Period are excluded. Beginning Price means, with respect to the Company and any other Comparison Group member, the average of the closing market prices of such company s common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending with the last trading day before the beginning of the TSR Performance Period. For the purpose of determining Beginning Price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be 

17 determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the ex-dividend date. Comparison Group means the Company and each other company included in the Standard Poor s 500 index on the first day of the TSR Performance Period and, except as provided below, the common stock (or similar equity security) of which is continually listed or traded on a national securities exchange from the first day of the TSR Performance Period through the last trading day of the TSR Performance Period. In the event a member of the Comparison Group files for bankruptcy or liquidates due to an insolvency, such company shall continue to be treated as a Comparison Group member, and such company s Ending Price will be treated as 0 if the common stock (or similar equity security) of such company is no longer listed or traded on a national securities exchange on the last trading day of the TSR Performance Period (and if multiple members of the Comparison Group file for bankruptcy or liquidate due to an insolvency, such members shall be ranked in order of when such bankruptcy or liquidation occurs, with earlier bankruptcies/ liquidations ranking lower than later bankruptcies/liquidations). In the event of a formation of a new parent company by a Comparison Group member, substantially all of the assets and liabilities of which consist immediately after the transaction of the equity interests in the original Comparison Group member or the assets and liabilities of such Comparison Group member immediately prior to the transaction, such new parent company shall be substituted for the Comparison Group member to the extent (and for such period of time) as its common stock (or similar equity securities) are listed or traded on a national securities exchange but the common stock (or similar equity securities) of the original Comparison Group member are not. In the event of a merger or other business combination of two Comparison Group members (including, without limitation, the acquisition of one Comparison Group member, or all or substantially all of its assets, by another Comparison Group member), the surviving, resulting or successor entity, as the case may be, shall continue to be treated as a member of the Comparison Group, provided that the common stock (or similar equity security) of such entity is listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the TSR Performance Period. With respect to the preceding two sentences, the applicable stock prices shall be equitably and proportionately adjusted to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of the transaction. Ending Price means, with respect to the Company and any other Comparison Group member, the average of the closing market prices of such company s common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the TSR Performance Period. For the purpose of determining Ending Price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the ex-dividend date. ROIC Performance Period means the ROIC Performance Period specified in the Grant Notice. Three Year Average ROIC Change means (1) the quotient of (a) the Company s Adjusted Net Income for the ROIC Performance Period divided by three, divided by (b) the Company s Adjusted Invested Capital for the ROIC Performance Period, less (2) the quotient of (x) the Company s Adjusted Net Income for the year immediately preceding the Date of Grant (the Baseline Year ), divided by (y) the Company s Adjusted Invested Capital for the Baseline Year. 

18 Target PSUs means the target number of PSUs subject to the Award as specified in the Grant Notice. TSR shall be determined with respect to the Company and any other Comparison Group member by dividing: (a) the sum of (i) the difference obtained by subtracting the applicable Beginning Price from the applicable Ending Price plus (ii) all dividends and other distributions on the respective shares with an ex-dividend date that falls during the TSR Performance Period by (b) the applicable Beginning Price. Any non-cash distributions shall be valued at fair market value. For the purpose of determining TSR, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution. TSR Percentile Rank means the percentile ranking of the Company s TSR among the TSRs for the Comparison Group members for the TSR Performance Period. TSR Percentile Rank is determined by ordering the Comparison Group members (plus the Company if the Company is not one of the Comparison Group members) from highest to lowest based on TSR for the relevant TSR Performance Period and counting down from the company with the highest TSR (ranked first) to the Company s position on the list. If two companies are ranked equally, the ranking of the next company shall account for the tie, so that if one company is ranked first, and two companies are tied for second, the next company is ranked fourth. In determining the Company s TSR Percentile Rank for the TSR Performance Period, in the event that the Company s TSR for the TSR Performance Period is equal to the TSR(s) of one or more other Comparison Group members for that same period, the Company s TSR Percentile Rank ranking will be determined by ranking the Company s TSR for that period as being greater than such other Comparison Group members. After this ranking, the TSR Percentile Rank will be calculated using the following formula, rounded to the nearest whole percentile by application of regular rounding: TSR Percentile Rank = (N - R) 100 N N represents the number of Comparison Group members for the relevant TSR Performance Period (plus the Company if the Company is not one of the Comparison Group members for that TSR Performance Period). R represents the Company s ranking among the Comparison Group members (plus the Company if the Company is not one of the Comparison Group members for the relevant TSR Performance Period). TSR Performance Period means the TSR Performance Period specified in the Grant Notice. 3. General. With respect to the computation of TSR, Beginning Price, and Ending Price, there shall also be an equitable and proportionate adjustment to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of any change in corporate capitalization, such as a stock split, stock dividend or reverse stock split, occurring during the TSR Performance Period (or during the applicable 20-day period in determining Beginning Price or Ending Price, as the case may be). In the event of any ambiguity or discrepancy, the determination of the Committee shall be final and binding. 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.20>
 8
 ex-1020xcompetitionagree.htm
 EX-10.20

ex-1020xcompetitionagree 

1 NCA Disc (4-2020) DANAHER CORPORATION AND ITS AFFILIATED ENTITIES AGREEMENT REGARDING COMPETITION AND PROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INTERESTS I understand that I am or will be employed by Danaher Corporation or one of its affiliated entities (the Company ). This Agreement Regarding Competition and Protection of Proprietary Interests Agreement is between me, the undersigned employee, and the Company, on behalf of and for the benefit of itself and all entities owned in whole or in part by Danaher Corporation or its subsidiaries or affiliates (the Danaher Companies ). In consideration of (i) my employment or continued employment; (ii) access to the Company s key business relationships and Confidential Information described herein (including but not limited to the Danaher Business System); (iii) the ability to participate in Company-sponsored programs or plans; (iv) a salary increase, equity grant, and/or other increase to my total compensation package provided concurrently with my execution of this Agreement; and/or (v) other good and valuable consideration provided to me, I agree to the following restrictions, which I acknowledge are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company s interests. 1. Protection of Confidential Information. a. Definition of Confidential Information. The term Confidential Information means any information about the Company s business or employees that is not generally known to the public, including but not limited to trade secrets. Examples of Confidential Information include, but are not limited to, information about: Danaher Business System (including but not limited to DBS training materials, materials describing DBS processes, materials describing DBS growth and innovation tools, DBS processes related to mergers and acquisitions, strategic plans, value stream mapping information, transactional process improvement reports and analyses, problem solving process information, Voice of the Customer reports and analyses, talent reviews and organizational plans, and methodology for developing DBS tools and standard work), customers, vendors, pricing and costs, business strategies and plans, financial data, technology, talent reviews and organizational plans, research and development and any other businesses methods or processes used or considered by the Company. Confidential Information does not include any specific information that has been voluntarily disclosed to the public by the Company or that has been independently developed and disclosed by others, or that otherwise has entered the public domain through lawful means. However, Confidential Information disclosed by me or others without authorization by the Company shall not be deemed voluntarily disclosed to the public. b. Nondisclosure and Prohibition against Misuse. During my employment, I will not use or disclose any Confidential Information, without the Company s prior written permission, for any purpose other than performance of my duties for the Company or as set forth in Section 4 below. c. Non-Disclosure and Return of Property Upon Termination. After my employment ends, I will not use or disclose any Confidential Information for any purpose, including utilizing or incorporating any confidential or proprietary aspects of the Danaher Business System that the Company disclosed to me during my employment with the Company. Immediately upon my employment termination, I will return to the Company all Company property that I have in my possession, custody, or control, including, without limitation, any Confidential Information. If I have Confidential Information that has been saved or transferred to any device not owned by the Company, I will immediately notify the Company, and make such device available to the Company so that it may remove any Confidential Information from the device. 2. Protection of Company Interests. a. Definitions. (1) Competing Organization means an entity that manufactures, sells, or distributes Competing Products in the Restricted Territory, including, by way of example only and without limitation, the companies identified from time to time as peer companies in the annual proxy statements the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; (2) Competing Products means (i) products or services similar to or competitive with the products or services sold by the Company for which I had any responsibility during the 24 months preceding my employment termination Pre-Termination Period (ii) products or services similar to or competitive with any prospective product or service the Company took steps to develop and for which I had any responsibility during the Pre-Termination Period; and (iii) products or services that utilize or incorporate Confidential Information, including, without limitation, Danaher Business System information. 

2 NCA Disc (4-2020) (3) Solicit means: (i) any comments, conduct or activity that would influence a customer s decision to continue doing business with the Company, regardless of who initiates contact; and (ii) any comments, conduct or activity that would influence an employee s decision to resign his employment with the Company or accept employment with me or my new employer, regardless of who initiates contact. (4) Restricted Customer means a customer or prospective customer of the Company (i) with whom I had contact or with whom I dealt on behalf of the Company during the Pre-termination Period (defined above); (ii) whose dealings with the Company I coordinated or supervised during the Pre-termination Period; (iii) about whom I obtained Confidential Information during the Pre-Termination Period; or (iv) who received products or services that resulted in compensation, commissions, or earnings for me during the Pre- Termination Period. (5) Restricted Territory means any geographic territory (i) in which I performed services for the Company during the Pre-Termination Period; (ii) over which I had sales or management responsibilities for the Company during the Pre-Termination Period; (iii) in which the Company employed or engaged personnel that I directly or indirectly supervised or managed during the Pre-Termination Period; or (iv) about which I had access to Confidential Information during the Pre-Termination Period. b. Non-Competition. During my employment I will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting or other business activity that competes with or conflicts with my obligations to the Company. Without limiting the foregoing, for 24 months after my employment termination, I will not directly or indirectly, on behalf of myself or in conjunction with any other person or entity: (1) own any Competing Organization (other than less than 3 ownership in a publicly traded company); or (2) work in the Restricted Territory for any Competing Organization in any role: (i) that involves responsibilities related to the sale of Competing Products; or (ii) developing or implementing strategies to compete with the Company with respect to Competing Products; or (iii) directly or indirectly supervising or managing employees or other personnel who compete with the Company with respect to Competing Products; or (iv) utilizing or disclosing Confidential Information. c. Non-Solicitation of Customers. During my employment and for 24 months after my employment termination, I will not directly or indirectly, on behalf of myself or in conjunction with any other person or entity, solicit or accept business from any Restricted Customer if the products or services that customer intends to purchase are Competing Products. d. Non-Solicitation of Employees. During my employment and for 24 months after my employment termination, I will not directly or indirectly, on behalf of myself or in conjunction with any other person or entity, hire, solicit, recruit, induce, or attempt to hire, solicit, recruit, or induce any employee or independent contractor of the Company, who worked for the Company during the 6 months preceding my employment termination, to work for me or my new employer. e. Limitations on Working for Customers and Vendors. During my employment, and for 12 months after termination of my employment, I will not work for any customers or vendors of the Company in any role in which I would use or disclose or threaten to use or disclose Confidential Information. f. Return of Property and Copying. I agree that all tangible materials (whether originals or duplicates), including but not limited to, notebooks, computers, files, reports, proposals, price lists, lists of actual or potential customers or suppliers, talent lists, formulae, prototypes, tools, equipment, models, specifications, technical data, methodologies, research results, test results, financial data, contracts, agreements, correspondence, documents, computer disks, software, computer printouts, information stored electronically, memoranda, and notes, in my possession or control which in any way relate to the Company s business and which are furnished to me by or on behalf of the Company or which are prepared, compiled or acquired by me while working with or employed by the Company shall be the sole property of the Company. I will at any time upon the request of the Company and in any event promptly upon termination of my employment or relationship with the Company, but in any event no later than two (2) business days after such termination, deliver all such materials to the Company and will not retain any originals or copies of such materials, whether in hard copy form or as computerized and/or electronic records. Except to the extent approved by the Company or required by my bona fide job duties for the Company, I also agree that I will not copy or remove from the Company s place of business or the place of business of a customer of the Company, property or information belonging to the Company or the customer or entrusted to the Company or the customer. In addition, I agree that I will not provide any such materials to any competitor of or entity seeking to compete with the Company unless specifically approved in writing by the Company. Without limitation of the foregoing, and for the avoidance of doubt, I acknowledge and 

3 NCA Disc (4-2020) agree that my obligation to return all such Company materials in this Section include, but are not limited to, any and all materials relating to the Danaher Business System.) 3. Non-Disparagement. I agree that during my employment, and after my employment with the Company ends, I will not make any false statement(s) about the Company to other employees, customers, vendors or any other third party. 4. Limitations on Confidentiality and Non-Disparagement. The confidentiality and non-disparagement provisions in this Agreement do not prohibit me from providing truthful information in good faith to any federal or state governmental agency, entity or official investigating an alleged violation of federal or state law or regulation or when I make other disclosures that are protected under applicable law, including, without limitation, the National Labor Relations Act, the Defend Trade Secrets Act, and any rule or regulation promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), or any other federal, state, or local government agency. 5. Other Legal Obligations. Nothing in this Agreement relieves me of any duties or obligations that I have to the Company under statutory or common law, which include but are not limited to: fiduciary duties, the duty of loyalty, the duty not to tortiously interfere with business relationships, the duty not to engage in unfair competition, and the duty not to misappropriate trade secrets. 6. Subsequent Employment Protocol. During my employment and for 24 months after termination of my employment, prior to accepting employment with any person or entity, I will provide my prospective employer with a copy of this Agreement, and I consent to the Company s right, at any time, to notify such employer of this Agreement, as well as the details of any alleged violations thereof. Additionally, within three calendar days after accepting any employment with another employer, I will notify the Company of such subsequent employer s name, address and telephone number, and the title and description of the job duties for which I have accepted employment. 7. Certifications. By executing this Agreement, I certify that I: (a) have not and will not use or disclose to the Company any confidential information and/or trade secrets belonging to others, including my prior employers; (b) will not use any prior inventions made by me and which the Company is not legally entitled to learn of or use; and (c) am not subject to any prior agreements that would prevent me from fully performing my duties for the Company. 8. Protection of Proprietary Rights. a. I agree that all Work Product (defined below) and Intellectual Property Rights (defined below) shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company. Work Product means all writings, inventions, discoveries, ideas and other work product of any nature whatsoever that I create on my own or in collaboration with others during my employment with the Company and that relates to the business, contemplated business, research or development of the Company. Intellectual Property Rights means all rights in and to copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks (and related goodwill), patents and other intellectual property rights arising out of the Work Product, in any jurisdiction throughout the world, and all related rights of priority under international conventions. b. I acknowledge that, by reason of being employed by the Company, all of the Work Product is, to the extent permitted by law, work made for hire and is the property of the Company. To the extent that any Work Product is not work made for hire, I hereby irrevocably assign to the Company, for no additional consideration, my entire right, title and interest in and to all Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights therein. c. During and after my employment, I agree to reasonably cooperate with the Company to (i) apply for, obtain, perfect and transfer to the Company the Work Product and any Intellectual Property Rights in the Work Product in any jurisdiction in the world; and (ii) maintain, protect and enforce the same. I hereby irrevocably grant the Company power of attorney to execute and deliver any such documents on my behalf and in my name and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to transfer the Work Product to the Company and further the transfer, issuance, prosecution and maintenance of all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to the full extent permitted by law, in the event that I don t promptly cooperate with the Company s request. The power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall not be affected by my subsequent incapacity. d. I represent and warrant that I am not a party to any agreements which would limit my ability to assign Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights as required by this Section 8. e. I have identified in the space below (and have attached additional paper as needed) all Work Product and Intellectual Property in which I have any right, title or interest, and which were developed by me prior to my employment with the Company and which relate to the actual or anticipated business or research or development of the Company as provided for in this Section 8. 

4 NCA Disc (4-2020) ________________________________________________________________________________________________ ________________________________________________________________________________________________ ________________________________________________________________________________________________ 9. Injunctive Relief and Attorney s Fees. I agree that in the event I breach this Agreement, the Company will be irreparably harmed and entitled to an injunction restraining any further breach, in addition to any other rights to which it is entitled. Further, I will be responsible for all reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Company if it successfully enforces any portion of this Agreement against me. Additionally, any time periods for restrictions set forth in Section 2 above will be extended by an amount of time equal to the duration of any time period during which I am in violation of this Agreement. 10. Modification Severability. If any portion of this Agreement shall be held unenforceable, the parties agree that a court of competent jurisdiction may modify the agreement (by adding or removing language) or sever unenforceable provisions in order to render this Agreement enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 11. At-Will Employment Status. I acknowledge and agree that that nothing in this Agreement alters my status as an employee at will. 12. Assignment. This Agreement is personal to me and I may not assign it. The Company may assign it to any assign, or a successor to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, and no further consent from me is necessary. If I previously executed any written agreements with Danaher Corporation of its affiliates that contain provisions similar to the provisions contained in this Agreement, I hereby consent to the assignment of those agreements to the Company. 13. Change of Position. If the Company changes my position or title with the Company, or my employment changes from one Danaher Company to another, this Agreement and my obligations hereunder will remain in force. 14. Protections for Affiliates and Subsidiaries. This Agreement is intended to benefit all Danaher subsidiaries and affiliates for which I perform services, for which I have customer contact or about which I receive Confidential Information. Therefore, any Danaher Company that may be adversely affected by a breach, and any successor or assignee of such Danaher Company may enforce this Agreement regardless of which entity actually employs me at the time. 15. Cooperation. Both during and after my employment with the Company, I will cooperate with the Company and any other Danaher Company in connection with any investigation or litigation in which the Company believes that I am an individual with knowledge concerning the subject matter of the investigation or litigation. In particular, but without limitation, I will make myself available for meetings, interviews, depositions, and court appearances, as requested by the Company, and to otherwise assist the Company or any other Danaher Company in connection with any such investigation or litigation. I acknowledge that I have been notified in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 that I will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. I further acknowledge that I have been notified that if I file a lawsuit for retaliation against the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, I may disclose the Company s trade secrets with my attorney and use the trade secret information related to that suspected violation of law in the court proceeding if I: (a) file any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (b) do not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 16. Other Agreements. If I executed other written agreements relating to this subject matter with the Company, any other Danaher Company, or Danaher Corporation or any of its affiliates, and/or if I later enter into other written agreements that contain provisions similar to the provisions contained in this Agreement, and/or if I am a participant in any benefit plan of Danaher Corporation or any of its affiliates, all such provisions shall be interpreted to provide the Company with cumulative rights and remedies and the benefits and protections provided to the Company under each such agreement shall be given full force and effect. 17. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without applying its conflict of laws principles. The exclusive venue for any litigation based upon any fact, matter or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including any contractual, statutory, tort, or common law claims, shall be the state or federal courts located in Delaware and I hereby consent to any such court s exercise of personal jurisdiction over me for such purpose. 

5 NCA Disc (4-2020) Agreed to by: _______________________________ ________________________________ Signature Danaher Corporation _______________________________ _______________________________ Printed Name Print Name and Title Date: __________________________ Date: ________________________ Sarah Smith (Feb 14, 2023 16:27 EST) 2/14/2023 effective 12/21/20 Sarah Smith Vice President Corporate HR 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 9
 ex-1021xletteragreement.htm
 EX-10.21

ex-1021xletteragreement 

November 23, 2020 Via E-mail (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) Dr. Jose-Carlos Gutierrez-Ramos XX XXXXX XXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXXXX, XX XXXXX Dear Jose-Carlos: As we have discussed, we are delighted to extend an offer employment to you for the position of Chief Scientific Officer (CSO) an Executive Officer position -- with Danaher Corporation (the Company ). We are confident that you will make major contributions to the Company, and your leadership will be critical in fully leveraging our talent and the Danaher Business System to achieve our aggressive growth targets. Your role is based in Washington, D.C. and reports directly to Rainer Blair, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please allow this letter to serve as documentation of the employment offer extended to you. Start Date: Your start date for your new position will be no later than December 28, 2020 with the specific date to be finalized as soon as possible Start Date ). Base Salary: Your base salary will be 725,000 annually, subject to periodic review, and payable in accordance with the Company s usual payroll practices. Incentive Compensation: Beginning January 1, 2021, you will be eligible for an annual cash incentive award. The target bonus percentage will be 110 of your annual base salary, subject to periodic review. Such annual cash incentive compensation award shall be subject to the Company s annual cash incentive compensation award program for Executive Officers, including applicable performance conditions. Benefits: You will be eligible to participate in any associate benefit plan that the Company has adopted or may adopt, maintain, or contribute to for the benefit of its regular exempt employees generally, subject to satisfying any applicable eligibility requirements. You will be eligible to participate in our comprehensive health and other insurance benefits immediately and in our 401(k) retirement plan subject to the applicable plan. Signing Bonus: The Company will provide you a signing bonus equal to 1,600,000 payable with the first normal payroll date in January 2021assuming you have commenced employment with the Company by then. Payment of this signing bonus is conditioned on your execution and return of the enclosed Signing Bonus Repayment Agreement. Vacation / Paid Time Off: You will be eligible for annual vacation / paid time off benefits pursuant to the Company s vacation /paid time off policy. Exhibit 10.21 

4 Stock Options and RSUs: A recommendation will be made to the Compensation Committee of Danaher s Board of Directors to grant you two sign-on equity awards the first award in February 2021 and the second award in February 2022 -- with award values and vesting cycles as follows: February 2021 Grant: 600,000 award value 100 in restricted stock units (RSUs) which would vest 33 per year over 3 years; February 2022 Grant: 600,000 award value 100 in RSUs which would vest 33 per year over 3 years. Further, a recommendation will also be made to the Compensation Committee of Danaher s Board of Directors to grant you an equity award as part of Danaher s annual equity compensation program at its next regularly scheduled meeting after your Start Date at which equity awards are considered. The target award value of this grant would be 2,000,000 2021 Annual Award which would be split 50 stock options / 50 performance stock units PSUs ), subject to any changes made by the Compensation Committee of Danaher s Board of Directors for 2021 Executive Officer equity awards. The grant of stock options would vest 33 on each of the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the grant date, assuming continued employment. The grant of PSUs would be subject to 3 year cliff vesting, assuming continued employment, plus an additional 2-year holding period after vesting with respect to any earned PSUs. You will be eligible annually for an equity award under Danaher s equity compensation program. The equity awards set forth above will be solely governed by the terms and conditions set forth in Danaher s 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan and in the particular form of award agreement required to be signed with respect to each award. Unless Danaher s Compensation Committee determines otherwise, we intend to use the following methodology in connection with such equity awards: Except as noted above, the target award value of any grant(s) would be split evenly between stock options and PSUs. The target award value attributable to stock options will be converted into a specific number of options (rounded up to the nearest ten) based on a methodology for valuing options related to the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model Black Scholes ), with such modifications and assumptions as the Compensation Committee determines. The target award value attributable to PSUs and RSUs will be converted into a specific number of PSUs or RSUs as applicable (rounded up to the nearest five) using the same average closing price. While historically Danaher s share price has increased over time, Danaher cannot guarantee that any PSUs, RSUs, or stock options granted to you will ultimately have any particular value or any value. Supplemental Retirement/Deferred Compensation Benefit. You will be eligible to participate in Danaher s executive supplemental retirement/deferred compensation program. This program is a non- qualified executive benefit designed to supplement retirement benefits that otherwise are limited by IRS regulations; and provide the opportunity for you to defer taxation on a portion of your current income (base salary or ICP bonus or both). Vesting requirements and your participation in the program are subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable plan documents. Additional information on the program will be provided to you by Fidelity after you join the Company. Reimbursement for Financial and Tax Assistance: The Company will reimburse you for financial planning and tax preparation services in an amount not to exceed 15,000 annually provided you provide appropriate and satisfactory documentation for such reimbursement and such expenses otherwise satisfy the Company s practices and policies. 

5 At-Will Employment: Nothing in this letter shall be construed as any agreement, express or implied, and without limiting the foregoing nothing in this letter shall be construed as any agreement to employ you for any stated term. Your employment with the Company will be on an at-will basis, which means that either you or the Company can terminate the employment relationship at any time and for any reason (or no reason), with or without notice. Conditions of Employment Offer: This offer of employment is expressly conditioned upon successful completion of a background and] reference checks, a pre-employment/post offer drug screen, and your execution and return of the following documents no later than November 30, 2020: Authorization and Notification Form(s) (for a consumer report and/or investigative consumer report to be obtained) Summary of Your Rights Under the FCRA Criminal History Questionnaire Agreement Regarding Competition and the Protection of Proprietary Interests and the terms contained therein. Certification of Danaher Corporation Code of Conduct Certification of Compliance of Obligations to Prior Employers Signing Bonus Repayment Agreement Directors and Officers Questionnaire We anticipate that you will make a very strong contribution to the success of the Company and believe this is an excellent professional opportunity for you. Please do not hesitate to call me with any questions. Regards, Angela S. Lalor Senior Vice President, Human Resources Danaher Corporation 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 10
 ex1022-directorcompensat.htm
 EX-10.22

ex1022-directorcompensat 

Exhibit 10.22 Following is a description of the Company s non-management director compensation structure as of January 1, 2023: Compensation structure for non-management directors Annual cash retainer 125,000 Annual equity award target award value 195,000 Committee chair annual cash retainer (Compensation, Nominating and Governance, Science and Technology) 20,000 Committee chair annual cash retainer (Audit) 25,000 Lead Independent Director annual cash retainer 40,000 Per meeting cash fee for each Board/committee meeting a director attends in excess of twenty during a calendar year 2,000 Director cash retainers are paid quarterly in arrears. Director annual equity awards are divided equally (based on target award value) between options and RSUs. The options are fully vested as of the grant date. The RSUs vest upon the earlier of (1) the first anniversary of the grant date, or (2) the date of, and immediately prior to, the next annual meeting of Danaher s shareholders following the grant date, but the underlying shares are not issued until the earlier of the director s death or the first day of the seventh month following the director s retirement from the Board. Danaher also reimburses directors for Danaher-related out-of-pocket expenses, including travel expenses. 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 dhr-20221231xexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 Danaher Corporation Subsidiaries of the Registrant Name Jurisdiction of Organization AB Sciex (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand AB Sciex Finance B.V. Netherlands AB Sciex LLC Delaware AB Sciex LP Canada AB Sciex Pte Ltd. Singapore Alaska Blocker Corporation Delaware Aldevron, L.L.C. North Dakota Applitek NV Belgium Aquatic Infomatics ULC Canada BC Distribution B.V. Netherlands Beckman Coulter Biotechnology (Suzhou) Co. Ltd. China Beckman Coulter Canada LP Canada Beckman Coulter Commercial Enterprise (China) Co., Ltd. China Beckman Coulter de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Beckman Coulter France S.A.S. France Beckman Coulter Genomics Inc. Delaware Beckman Coulter G.m.b.H. Germany Beckman Coulter Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Beckman Coulter, Inc. Delaware Beckman Coulter India Private Limited India Beckman Coulter International SA Switzerland Beckman Coulter International Shanghai Trading Co. China Beckman Coulter Ireland Inc. Ireland Beckman Coulter K.K. Japan Beckman Coulter Korea Ltd. Korea, Republic of Beckman Coulter Laboratory Systems (Suzhou) Co. Ltd. China Beckman Coulter Limited Liability Company Russian Federation Beckman Coulter Nederland B.V. Netherlands Beckman Coulter Nippon GK Japan Beckman Coulter Saudi Arabia Co.Ltd. Saudi Arabia Beckman Coulter, S.L.U. Spain Beckman Coulter Srl Italy Beckman Coulter Taiwan Inc. California Beckman Coulter United Kingdom Limited United Kingdom Beckman Finance ApS Denmark Biosafe S.A. Switzerland Bison Holdco, LLC Delaware Blue Software LLC Delaware Cepheid California Cepheid AB Sweden Cepheid Europe SAS France 

Cepheid GmbH Germany Cepheid HBDC SAS France Cepheid UK Ltd. United Kingdom CEVEC Pharmaceuticals GmbH Germany ChemTreat, Inc. Virginia Cytiva BioProcess R&D AB Sweden Cytiva Biotechnology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. China Cytiva Biotechnology (Hang Zhou) Co., Ltd. China Cytiva Denmark Manufacturing ApS Denmark Cytiva Europe GmbH Germany Cytiva Sweden AB Sweden Danaher (Shanghai) Management Co. Ltd. China Danaher Medical ApS Denmark Devicore Medical Products Inc. Delaware DH Denmark Holding ApS Denmark DH Europe Finance II Sarl Luxembourg DH Europe Finance Sarl Luxembourg DH Holding Italia SRL Italy DH Japan Finance Sarl Luxembourg DH Life Sciences LLC Delaware DH Switzerland Finance Sarl Luxembourg DH Technologies Development Pte Ltd. Singapore DHKAB Company AB Sweden DTIL Ireland Holdings Ltd. Ireland Esko BV Belgium Esko Graphics BV Belgium Esko Graphics Inc. Georgia Esko Software BV Belgium Gilzoni Ltd. United Kingdom Global Life Sciences Solutions Austria GmbH & Co., KG Austria Global Life Sciences Solutions Germany GmbH Germany Global Life Sciences Solutions Korea Ltd. Korea, Republic of Global Life Sciences Solutions Operations UK, Ltd United Kingdom Global Life Sciences Solutions Singapore Pte Ltd Singapore Global Life Sciences Solutions USA LLC Delaware Global Life Sciences Technologies (Shanghai) Co, Ltd. China Global Life Sciences Technologies Japan KK Japan Hach Company Delaware Hach Lange GmbH Germany Hach Lange Holding GmbH Germany Hach Lange S rl Switzerland Hach Water Quality Analytical Instru. (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China HemoCue AB Sweden Hybritech Incorporated California HyClone Laboratories LLC Delaware 

Hyclone Life Sciences Solutions India Private Limited India ID Business Solutions Limited United Kingdom InSilixa, Inc. Delaware Intabio, LLC United Kingdom Integrated DNA Technologies, B.V. Belgium Integrated DNA Technologies Inc. Delaware Integrated DNA Technologies Pte. Ltd. Singapore Iris International, Inc. Delaware Labcyte Inc. Delaware Launchchange Holding Company United Kingdom Leica Biosystems Imaging Inc. Delaware Leica Biosystems Melbourne Pty Ltd Australia Leica Biosystems Newcastle Limited United Kingdom Leica Biosystems Nussloch GmbH Germany Leica Biosystems Richmond, Inc. Illinois Leica Instruments (Singapore) Pte Limited Singapore Leica Microsystems Cambridge Limited United Kingdom Leica Microsystems CMS GmbH Germany Leica Microsystems Inc. Delaware Leica Microsystems IR GmbH Germany Leica Microsystems Limited Hong Kong Leica Mikrosysteme GmbH Austria Leica Mikrosysteme Vertrieb GmbH Germany Life Sciences Holdings France SAS France Life Sciences IP Holdings Corporation Delaware Linx Printing Technologies Limited United Kingdom Molecular Devices (Austria) GmbH Austria Molecular Devices, LLC Delaware Nihon Pall Ltd. Japan OTT HydroMet B.V. Netherlands Pall (Canada) ULC Canada Pall (China) Co., Ltd. China Pall (Schweiz) GmbH Switzerland Pall Aeropower Corporation Delaware Pall Asia Holdings Inc. Delaware Pall Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Pall Austria Filter Ges.m.b.h Austria Pall Biotech (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China Pall Corporation New York Pall Europe Limited United Kingdom Pall European Holdings Limited United Kingdom Pall Filtersystems GmbH Germany Pall Filtration and Separations Group Inc. Delaware Pall Filtration Pte. Ltd. Singapore Pall France SAS France 

Pall GmbH Germany Pall International Sarl Switzerland Pall Italia Srl Italy Pall Korea Ltd. Korea, Republic of Pall Life Sciences Belgium BV Belgium Pall Life Sciences Puerto Rico, LLC Puerto Rico Pall Manufacturing UK Limited United Kingdom Pall Medistad B.V. Netherlands Pall Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Pall SAS France Pall Technology UK Limited United Kingdom Pantone LLC Delaware Phenomenex, Inc. California Precision Nanosystems ULC Canada Radiometer Medical ApS Denmark Radiometer Turku Oy Finland Sea-Bird Electronics, Inc. Washington Shanghai AB Sciex Analytical Instrument Trading Co. Ltd. China Skyland Analytics Inc. Delaware Trojan Technologies Group ULC Canada ValitaCell Limited Ireland Vanrx Pharmasystems Inc. Canada Videojet Do Brasil Com rcio de Equipamentos Para Codifica o Industrial Ltda. Brazil Videojet Technologies (S) Pte.Ltd. Singapore Videojet Technologies Europe B.V. Netherlands Videojet Technologies Inc. Delaware X-Ray Optical Systems, Inc. Delaware X-Rite Europe GmbH Switzerland X-Rite Incorporated Michigan Zhuhai S.E.Z. Videojet Electronics Ltd. China 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 12
 dhr-20221231xexx221.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 
 Exhibit 22.1 

 Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Danaher Corporation (Parent Guarantor) was the sole guarantor of the following senior unsecured notes issued by 
 
 DH Europe Finance S.a.r.l., a Luxembourg company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor 
 1.2 EUR notes due 2027 
 
 DH Europe Finance II S.a.r.l., a Luxembourg company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor 
 Euro-denominated commercial paper 
 2.2 USD notes due 2024 
 0.2 EUR notes due 2026 
 0.45 EUR notes due 2028 
 2.6 USD notes due 2029 
 0.75 EUR notes due 2031 
 1.35 EUR notes due 2039 
 3.25 USD notes due 2039 
 1.8 EUR notes due 2049 
 3.4 USD notes due 2049 
 
 DH Switzerland Finance S.a.r.l., a Luxembourg company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor 
 0.5 CHF notes due 2023 
 1.125 CHF notes due 2028 
 
 DH Japan Finance S.a.r.l., a Luxembourg company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor 
 0.3 JPY notes due 2027 
 0.65 JPY notes due 2032 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 13
 ex231-consentofindepende.htm
 EX-23.1

ex231-consentofindepende 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: Registration Statement on Form S-3 Registration Number Date Filed 333-255006 April 2, 2021 Registration Statements on Form S-8 Name Registration Number Date Filed Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended and restated; Amended and Restated Danaher Corporation 1998 Stock Option Plan 333-144572 July 13, 2007 Danaher Corporation 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 333-159059 333-175223 May 8, 2009 June 29, 2011 333-190014 July 18, 2013 333-213629 September 14, 2016 333-219421 July 24, 2017 Danaher Corporation and Subsidiaries Retirement and Savings Plan; Danaher Corporation and Subsidiaries Savings Plan 333-107500 333-117678 333-159057 July 31, 2003 July 27, 2004 May 8, 2009 333-213630 September 14, 2016 Danaher Corporation and Subsidiaries Amended and Restated Executive Deferred Incentive Program 333-105198 333-159056 May 13, 2003 May 8, 2009 333-213631 September 14, 2016 333-228069 October 31, 2018 Pall Corporation 2012 Stock Compensation Plan, as amended 333-207565 October 22, 2015 333-213632 September 14, 2016 Cepheid 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended; Cepheid 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 333-213633 September 14, 2016 of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Danaher Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Danaher Corporation and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Danaher Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Tysons, Virginia February 22, 2023 Exhibit 23.1 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 14
 dhr-20221231xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Rainer M. Blair, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Danaher Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 By s Rainer M. Blair Name Rainer M. Blair Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 15
 dhr-20221231xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Matthew R. McGrew, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Danaher Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 By s Matthew R. McGrew Name Matthew R. McGrew Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 16
 dhr-20221231xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Rainer M. Blair, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge, Danaher Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Danaher Corporation. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 By s Rainer M. Blair Name Rainer M. Blair Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Danaher Corporation specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 17
 dhr-20221231xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Matthew R. McGrew, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge, Danaher Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Danaher Corporation. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 By s Matthew R. McGrew Name Matthew R. McGrew Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Danaher Corporation specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 dhr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 dhr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 dhr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 dhr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 dhr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

