<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1690384_0001731122-23-000488.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2946502</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>175575</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>685721</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>916182</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>493058</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>597423</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000488.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329122633
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000488
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001690384
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFUSE SYSTEMS [4953]
		IRS NUMBER:				812924160
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55818
		FILM NUMBER:		23773710

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1255 PHILLIPS SQUARE, SUITE 605
		CITY:			MONTREAL
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H3B 3G5
		BUSINESS PHONE:		514-962-0070

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1255 PHILLIPS SQUARE, SUITE 605
		CITY:			MONTREAL
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H3B 3G5

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000488.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 e4429_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer , an accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The number of shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding as
of December 31, 2022 was 50,761,636 shares. 

The number of shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding
as of March 29, 2023 was 
shares. 

BIOCRUDE TECHNOLOGIES USA, INC. 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Index to Report on Form 10-K 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 2 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 29 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 

PART II 
 30 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 31 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 
 Item 9A 
 Control and Procedures 
 35 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 36 

PART III 
 37 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 37 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 40 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 41 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 42 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 42 

PART IV 
 43 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 

I 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements and involves risks and uncertainties that could materially affect expected results of operations, liquidity, cash flows, and
business prospects. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding: 

our ability to diversify
 our operations; 

our ability to implement
 our business plan; 

our ability to attract
 key personnel; 

our ability to operate
 profitably; 

our ability to finance
 our operations efficiently and effectively, and/or purchase orders; 

inability to achieve future
 sales levels or other operating results; 

inability to raise additional
 financing for working capital; 

inability to efficiently
 manage our operations; 

the inability of management
 to effectively implement our strategies and business plans; 

the unavailability of funds
 for capital expenditures and/or general working capital; 

the fact that our accounting
 policies and methods are fundamental to how we report our financial condition and results of operations, and they may require management
 to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain; 

deterioration in general
 or regional economic conditions; 

changes in U.S. GAAP or
 in the legal, regulatory and legislative environments in the markets in which we operate; 

adverse state or federal
 legislation or regulation that increases the costs of compliance, or adverse findings by a regulator with respect to existing operations; 

as well as other statements regarding our future operations,
financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause
or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in particular,
the risks discussed under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A and those discussed in other documents we file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these
forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements. 

Throughout this Annual Report references to we ,
 our , us , the Company , and similar terms refer to Biocrude Technologies USA, Inc. 

1 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General Business Development 

Company Formation 

The Company was formed on August 4, 2015, in the State
of Nevada, under the name of BioCrude Technologies, Inc. On November 8, 2016, the Company received its Certificate of Amendment
to Articles of Incorporation pursuant to NRS 78.385 and 78.390 to its request for a name change from BioCrude Technologies,
Inc. to BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. , whilst doing business as BioCrude Technologies, Inc. , as well.
All of the afore-stated have been filed with SEC as part of the Company s S-1(/A) registration statement(s). The Company is construed
as a startup company and our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. 

Corporate Mission and Strategy 

The Company is a resource management expertise and
services provider, catering to commercial, municipal, and industrial customers, primarily in the areas of solid waste management and recycling
services. 

BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. has developed efficient,
cost-effective, and environmentally friendly products, processes and systems for the reformation of waste material, waste management and
creation of renewable energy. 

 The versatility and potential of the BioCrude Technology
has been demonstrated by the many uses that our R D department has already tested and verified. The avenues they have explored include
sustainable and cost-efficient methods that will enlarge composting and biomethanation yields and rates of decomposition while increasing
output and providing a higher quality of end product. Their focus is on waste treatment protocols for MSW, cellulose, all organic waste
and all manure types; renewable energy sources such as biogas, ethanol and biodiesel; wastewater treatment, and multiple other applications. 

One very important
area that BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. excels in is the reformation of MSW into renewable energy and marketable end-by-products, using
its intrinsic intellectual property and know how in its Integrated Municipal Solid Waste to Energy Proposed Complexes for
municipal applications. Understanding the non-homogenous nature and characteristics of the waste, we can define distinct processes to
optimally handle the procurement of the varied categories of waste (MSW can be classified into organics, fuels, recyclables, inerts and
others), once segregated with an efficient separation process and materials recovery facility MRF ). There is no intellectual
property protection yet. BioCrude will be filing for certain Intellectual property and know how protection via a patent for Integrated
Municipal Solid Waste to Energy Systems . In addition to patent applications, the Company will apply for trademark protection where
appropriate. 

The long-term vision of the organization is to build
a highly sustainable and profitable company by transforming traditional solid waste streams into renewable energy resources and marketable
by-products. Conventionally, people, entities, etc. , view solid waste streams as not only worthless refuse requiring monetary
resources in order to get rid of. BioCrude, on the contrary, views this so-called refuse as a valuable commodity , with a
negative product cost, i.e., PRODUCT COST is ZERO, with an implicit REVENUE received PER UNIT OF WASTE given for disposal (people, governments
will pay entities/companies to get rid of the undesired waste, in the form of a Tipping or Gate fee. Global
competition for limited resources is, the Company believes, creating significant business opportunities for companies that can
sustain and extract value in the form of renewable energy and other marketable by-products, i.e., fertilizer, raw materials (primary feedstock
for building materials), etc. , from resources previously considered an irretrievable waste stream. BioCrude s business strategy
has been firmly tied to creating a sustainable resource management model and the Company continues to be rooted in these same tenets today.
Each day the Company strives to create long-term value for all stakeholders: customers, employees, communities, and shareholders, by helping
customers and communities manage their resources in a sustainable and financially sound manner. 

2 

Industry Analysis 

Environmental issues (solid waste management, terrain
and water contamination, air pollution [greenhouse gas emissions]) have taken the forefront globally, creating solid expectations for
investments in green technology (enhanced by governmental incentives (monetary, capitalized stimuli, tax reductions, and carbon credits,
amongst other persuasions). 

Conventional practices of waste management (landfilling,
mass-burn or incineration) are NOT sound and innovative technologies, but practices that have been around since the beginning of time
with negative environmental repercussions, without mentioning the interrelated health implications resulting from contaminated land, water
tables and air pollution. 

Municipal Solid Waste is defined to include refuse
from households, non-hazardous solid waste from industrial, commercial, and institutional establishments (including hospitals), market
waste, yard waste and street sweepings. MSWM encompasses the functions of collection, transfer, treatment, recycling, resource recovery
and disposal of municipal solid waste. 

Municipal Solid Waste Management is the collection,
transport, processing (waste treatment), recycling or disposal of waste materials, usually ones produced by human activity, in an effort
to reduce their effect on human health or local aesthetics or amenity. 

Municipal Solid Waste Management is major responsibility
of local government. It is a complex task which requires appropriate organizational capacity and cooperation between numerous stakeholders
in the private and public sectors. 

The first goal of MSWM is to protect the health of
the population, particularly that of low-income groups. Other goals include promotion of environmental quality and sustainability, support
of economic productivity and employment generation. 

Waste-to-Energy W2E or Energy-from-Waste EfW is the process of creating energy in the form of electricity or heat from the incineration of waste source. 

Conventional Municipal Solid Waste Management employs
one or more of the following processes: 

Waste prevention, including reuse of products 

Recycling, including composting 

Combustion with energy recovery 

Disposal through landfilling 

3 

Landfilling is one of the most common ways of municipal solid waste disposal
in developing countries. Air pollutants emitted from landfills contributes to the emission in the atmosphere of greenhouse gases and cause
serious problems to human health. 

Methane emissions from landfills are a serious environmental
global concern, as it accounts for approximately 15 of current greenhouse gas emissions. Landfilling is a significant contributor
to greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) accountable for approximately 5 of total GHG releases which consists of methane from anaerobic decomposition
of solid waste and carbon dioxide from wastewater decomposition. 

In the past, MSW management used either landfilling
or mass burn/incinerators, had no pollution control and energy recovery and, sanitary landfills were rare. MSW management uses more integrated
and complex approaches, whereas waste to energy facilities have minimal environmental burden and sanitary landfills have requirements
for designing operation and monitoring, and gas collection. 

The past 20 years has seen a change in how we look
at our environment. There has been a greater understanding of the economic, social, and environmental risks of not managing waste. 

Environmental Factors 

The Stern report, first published in 2006, created
an authoritative and eye-opening scientific report on the challenges of climate change. The report highlighted the need to decarbonize
the power sector by 60 and reduce CO2 emissions by 80 of current levels to ensure increases in global temperature do not exceed two
degrees Celsius. 

Regulations and Legislation 

Scientific evidence, public awareness and increased
levels of participation in environmental campaigning have led to governments worldwide implementing regulations and legislation.
Examples include: 

EU Landfill Diversion Directive 

recycling targets 

climate change regulations 

Nota Bene : It is only in the last two
decades that governments worldwide have been working together to come to a consensus of standardized, environmentally friendly waste management
directives, in order to become recognized and implemented practices. 

Economics 

Economic drivers to developing the waste and renewable
energy sector have included: 

waste disposal and landfill gate fees/landfill tax 

penalties/avoidance schemes (e.g., landfill allowance schemes and fines, carbon trading) 

energy prices 

4 

Waste to Energy Market Size
and Trend 

Renewable Energy: According to the most recent data available from
the International Energy Agency, global waste to energy power production from municipal and industrial wastes increased from 283 terawatt
hours to 383 terawatt hours, a 35 increase over that period. In-depth analyses of the global market, forecasts the market will increase
from approximately 27 billion in 2018 to 450 billion by 2030. 

MSW Management (Tipping/Gate fees): As long
as there are people in our world, there will be waste generation. Depending on the demographics of people clusters (nations), the amount
of waste generated on a per capita (person) basis can vary from 0.6 kg (persons in destitute third world countries (e.g., Niamey [Niger],
Juba [South Sudan], Freetown [Sierra Leone], Port-au-Prince [Haiti])) to 1.8 kg (advanced societies with flourishing economies (e.g.,
New York City [US], Toronto [Canada], Paris [France], Dubai [UAE]) per person per day. With an approximate current world population (census
2020) of 7.8 billion persons, there is a minimum quantum (weighted average) of about 6,000,000 tons of waste generated on a per day basis.
Depending on the national budget for the level of waste management treatment implemented by a certain nation, analyses of the global market,
forecasts the market will increase from approximately 45 billion in 2020 to 60 billion by 2030. 

Nota Bene : The Market potential for
Waste Management is not only HUGE , but at its infancy stage, ready to EXPLODE , with few credible corporations,
capable of servicing same! 

Source : http://www.waste-management-world.com 

5 

Defining Waste Management for Municipal Applications 

The provision of municipal solid waste services is
a costly and troubling problem for local authorities everywhere. In many cities, service coverage is low, resources are insufficient,
and uncontrolled dumping is widespread, with resulting environmental and health related problems, which are recognized worldwide, and
cannot be neglected! Moreover, substantial inefficiencies are typically observed. Typically, worldwide, governmental waste management
ordinance, surprisingly enough, encompasses inefficient waste collection, landfilling until over exhaustion, and incineration . 

Out of concern for the quality of life of their residents,
local municipalities bear primary responsibility for waste management. Municipalities will work with other municipal levels to identify
the best collection, transportation, treatment and disposal methods for their respective jurisdictions. This includes identifying suitable
sites for municipal, or regional waste management facilities, and managing and operating collection, transportation, and treatment systems.
To increase the environmental and economic efficiency of waste management, local municipalities will be responsible for planning waste
management infrastructure and systems at the urban community and regional county municipality levels. 

Biocrude, with its upgraded technologically advanced
systems, can improve quality of environment, ergo, life. 

Waste management planning, as well as the production
of renewable energy resources, are vital issues facing any city or municipality today. We are at a time where all level of governments
recognizes the importance and need for waste management. Be it for financial, environmental, or health issues. Room for improvement exists
for the following: 

1. 
 Reduction, and eventually, the elimination of landfilling, as opposed to over exhausting (substituting proposed landfill sites with other forms of development (commercial, industrial, residential, agricultural, and community developments, amongst others real estate value). 

2. 
 Reduction of Greenhouse Gases, and environmental pollutants with reference to ground and surface water contamination percolation of contaminated leachate alongside with the elimination of odors. 

3. 
 Further enhanced separation process for MSW, which could prelude to a more optimal recycling program. 

Nota Bene : Landfilling is NOT a solution
(contaminates the land forever, cost of construction, waste creation), but a deferral of a problem for future generation to handle. In
essence, it is what it is; a Practice that has been utilized for the longest period of time! Nothing more! 

The myth that landfilling is a cost-effective solution
is what it is, a myth. There are long term ramifications, especially when the landfills are not proper Scientific Landfills 
(environmental implications; rainfall, leachate, percolation, contamination (soil and water table). Even the fact that, if a Scientific
Landfill is deployed (with membrane linings) at an astronomical cost (the cost of construction of a Scientific landfill, which could host
approximately 2,000 TPD of waste for 25 years could costs approximately 100 MUSD), after a few earth tremors or shifting of land, the
membrane could crack, or over time, the membrane will deteriorate, thus yielding the same negative environmental impacts, only deferred
in time. 

Another issue to address is the continual use of landfills.
As time goes on, and waste is continuously generated by the populous and its activities, more and more landfills must be created, to a
point where a good part of the country will become a cemetery for garbage. Municipalities/governments must plan to integrate their waste
management from a strategic and financial perspective. 

When a need will arise to reclaim back certain land
(certain countries like Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, amongst others have already started requesting proposals for same) from being host
to a landfill, the cleansing process for reclamation can cost a minimum of 120 USD/m 3 (do the math on a landfill that hosted
1,000 TPD of waste for 25 years, as well as cleansing all other soils to the point of the bedrock, as well as the lateral distance from
the perimeter of the landfill). 

6 

Remember : the landfill gas (from the organic portion of the MSW)
extracted from a landfill is a mise en cause , to landfilling and a onetime event, with the consequence of the balance of
the waste left in the landfill. Landfill gas extraction is not 100 efficient, with a certain percentage escaping into the atmosphere
and another percentage trapped in pockets of the landfill. 

If one was to do a Macro-economic and Cost-Benefit
analysis and of same, incorporating all the aforesaid, especially all of the negative environmental impacts, one would find that a properly
engineered solution today outweighs the so-called norm of landfilling by a minimum of 300 to 1 (I did not even incorporate the negative
effects to health implications). 

Large municipalities and metropolitan regions are
encouraged to routinely undertake citywide strategic planning to design and implement integrated solid waste systems that are responsive
to dynamic demographic and industrial growth. Strategic planning starts with the formulation of long-term goals based on the local urban
needs, followed by a medium- and short-term action plan to meet these goals. The strategy and action plans should identify a clear set
of integrated actions, responsible parties and needed human, physical and financial resources. Opportunities and concepts for private
sector involvement are commonly included among the examined options, as the private sector s costs and productivity output require
special consideration. 

BioCrude, having set as its objective the PROFITABILITY 
of the activities inherent within the realms of this sector, whilst building business relationships and addressing social implications
within the collectivity s / communities that BioCrude is called upon to serve, beyond the environmental and social implications,
and beyond the business imperatives, has set as one of its priorities, the optimization of waste management and, treatment thereof, all
in conformity to the boundaries of economies, efficiency and adherence to environmental wellbeing initiatives. BioCrude has been involved
in the R D of Environmental Technologies, both process and product based, whereby it has enhanced and optimized conventional technology,
thus giving credence to environmental, economic, social, and technological well-beings, too numerous to mention (all can be referenced,
in its entirety, within BioCrude s Integrated MSW-Energy Proposal. Shortlists of the aforesaid well-beings are summarized herein
under: 

1. 
 Secure, cost-effective long-term processing capacity for recyclables and organics. 

2. 
 Improvement of effectiveness and efficiency of current waste systems/practices. 

3. 
 Elimination of MSW from going to landfills. 

4. 
 Procurement of Renewable Energy and Marketable by-products (fertilizer, primary feedstock for building materials, etc. from the exploitation of the calorific value inherent within the realms of the MSW 

5. 
 Reduction of Greenhouse Gases and other environmental pollutants emitted into the atmosphere. 

6. 
 Municipalities do not have to undergo cost of implementation; privatized via BOOT (Build, Own, Operate Transfer), whereby BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. will be lobbying to get the MSW, Land, Sewage treated Effluent and Resale of Electricity Concessions (with Sovereign Guaranties from the Ministry of Finance of the Government in question). 

7. 
 Due to the profitability of the proposal, significant savings could be passed onto the Municipalities, to reduce their day to day on going expenses for Municipal Waste Management, for the duration of the BOOT (30 years), by approximately 50 per annum, via MSW Tipping (Gate) Fees (favorably outbidding the competition and still having better bottom lines than same) and the Transport of the MSW to neighboring cities/provinces (states), without forgetting to mention the reduced GHG emissions from the substitution effect of BioCrude s Integrated MSW to Energy proposal from landfilling and/or incineration. This surplus in savings can be used for other municipal social and infrastructural programs. 

8. 
 Employment opportunities are created during the EPC (Engineering, Procurement Construction) phase of the project (a few hundred jobs) and for the day-to-day operations of the project (approximately 86 jobs per shift per 2,000 TPD Plant plus 11 persons for administration X 3 shifts per day, equating to a total quantum of a minimum of 269 persons). 

9. 
 The proposed solution is an integrated MSW management system based on energy recovery that respects the norms of a Clean Design Mechanism CDM inherent within the realms of article 12 of the Kyoto Protocol UNFCCC or any future proposed legislation regarding same and qualifies for Carbon Emissions Reduction Credits CER s ). 

7 

We firmly believe that our products and processes
are viable, beneficial, and cost-effective ingredients in any Residual (Waste) Management Plans or Systems of implementation. Our technology
is easily scalable and can be customized for all individual needs. 

To further put things into perspective, I would like
to address the following: we are addressing the Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) issues and same is not a homogenous feedstock (cute
waste). There are different types of waste (MSW, agricultural, sewage sludge, toxic waste, tires, automotive shredded refuse, and medical
waste, amongst others). Each type of waste requires a treatment process, tailor made to optimally treat same in an environmentally benign
manner. BioCrude s proposal is geared to remedy the Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) generated on a day-to-day basis. 

Understanding the non-homogenous nature and characteristics
of the waste, we can define distinct processes to handle the varied categories of waste, once segregated with an efficient separation
process. BioCrude stands out from the competition in its knowhow, composting and fungal technologies, in order to maximize the outputs
of procurement, as well as minimize actual energy inputs with respect to the ongoing concern of MSW-Energy procurement process complex. 

Municipal Solid Waste 

All solid waste generated in an area except industrial
and agricultural wastes, typically from residences, commercial or retail establishments. Sometimes includes construction and demolition
debris and other special wastes that may enter the municipal waste stream. The EPA (1998c) defined municipal solid waste as a subset
of solid waste and as durable goods (e.g., appliances, tires, and batteries), non-durable goods (e.g., newspapers, books, and magazines),
containers and packaging, food wastes, yard trimmings, and miscellaneous organic wastes from residential, commercial and industrial non-process
sources. 

The MSW can be classified in the following categories: 

a) 
 Organics 

b) 
 Fuels 

c) 
 Recyclables 

d) 
 Inerts 

e) 
 Miscellaneous 

Each category has its own distinct composite classification.
To achieve an optimal Waste to Energy procurement, one must analyze separately the inherent category contributions to energy yield and
its correlated technological process of extraction in obtaining same in the most economical sense available; thus, the importance of segregating
the MSW into the appropriate categories of distinct feedstock is of principal importance for optimal performance in the appropriate technological
processes. 

In BioCrude s MSW-Energy initiative, BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc.
incorporated the following technologies in the Integrated Municipal Waste Processing (Waste to Energy) Complex in order to optimize the
treatment process in an environmentally friendly manner by whilst optimizing the Revenue Model of same, and in turn, pass some of the
savings back to the municipalities while still earning an impressive bottom line in juxtaposition to what the competition has to offer
with regards to landfilling and incineration: 

8 

1. 
 Separation of Waste Facility (Materials Recovery Facility) 

2. 
 Refuse Derived Fuel RDF Plant to handle the fuels of the MSW and produce Energy with an ash by-product 

3. 
 Bio-Methanation Plant to handle the organic fraction of the MSW (OFMSW) to produce Energy with a fertilizer by-product 

4. 
 Composting Facility (maximum 50 TPD) to handle a percentage of the OFMSW alongside with the small particles (plastics, ceramics...) that could not be efficiently separated within the separation process of the MSW (fuels in the Bio Methanation plant (plug flow digester) inhibit the process). The economies are no longer apparent in Composting facilities surpassing the 50 TPD capacities. 

5. 
 Power Plant 

With BioCrude s Integrated MSW to Energy proposal/initiative,
BioCrude attempts to service each category of the MSW to optimally utilize all renewable resources from same to procure renewable energy
and marketable by-products (fertilizer, ash, etc.). 

It is very important to note that the Separation Process
of the MSW into the appropriate feedstock categories for each distinct process (organics for biomethanation (as well as for composting),
and polymer based hydrocarbons and cellulose based products for RDF process) is of the utmost importance. Failure to do so can lead to
complications and inevitable failure of each process in question. Evidence of Success and failure stories (especially with biomethanation
plants, whereby the feedstock generated from MSW (organic fraction) had traces of more than 10 of polymer based products and/or inerts,
thus inhibiting and/or limiting the viability of same) as can be found all over the world, and each outcome, in essence, can be summarized
by Plant Technology Implementation and Feedstock Preparation (do not mix up technology viability with technology implementation and operation). 

Nota Bene : With gasification
and/or incineration (mass burn), MSW is dumped into the boiler as is and combusted at temperatures ranging from 800 
1200 0 C (minimum; plasma arc gasification temperatures range from 7,000 10,000 0 C). All waste is burned yielding
an approximate net yield of energy for reuse (after self-consumption) of 30 40 . The organic fraction of the MSW (OFMSW) is burned,
whereby the fertilizer potential via a biomethanation process (cooking) is substituted for an ash from the gasification/incineration process(es).
Let us not even entertain what happens to the methane potential of same via gasification/incineration in lieu of biomethanation; LOST!
Bottom line, Potential Revenues lost and operational costs of gasification/incineration processes are increased dramatically,
up to the point where one has to substitute more energy (fuel) in order to sustain continuity of operation and/or to substitute the self-consumption
energy requirements of the processes when the varying calorific value of a sample of the waste is deficient for same. One can do their
own sensitivity analysis to evaluate same and come to their own conclusions! BioCrude s Integrated MSW-Energy Solution evolves from
first principles of Science, Chemistry, Engineering, Economics and Common Sense! 

The Organics portion of the MSW is treated
via a biomethanation process, whereby all methane gas is extracted for the eventual realization of renewable energy creation, and
a fertilizer procured as an additional by-product, which can be marketed to the agricultural industry. 

The polymer-based (hydro-carbon chain), cellulose
and textiles portion of the MSW will be treated via an RDF process (a derivative of gasification, but with the incorporation of
a Materials Recovery Facility (MRF) [Separation process], where we have the luxury of operating at lower temperatures (350 400 0 C)
because of the separation of the MSW, i.e. lower temperatures reflects less operational self-consumption, hence more outputs (energy)
for resale), whereby the thermal combustion will generate renewable energy and the by-product of ash can be marketed to the construction
industry for the following purposes: 

9 

Concrete production, as a substitute material for Portland cement and sand 

Embankments and other structural fills (usually for road construction) 

Grout and Flowable fill production 

Waste stabilization and solidification 

Cement clinkers production - (as a substitute material for clay) 

Mine reclamation 

Stabilization of soft soils 

Road subbase construction 

As aggregate substitute material (e.g., for brick production) 

Mineral filler in asphaltic concrete 

Agricultural uses: soil amendment, fertilizer, cattle feeders, soil stabilization in stock feed yards, and agricultural stakes 

Loose application on rivers to melt ice 

Loose application on roads and parking lots for ice control 

Other applications include cosmetics, toothpaste, kitchen counter tops, floor and ceiling tiles, bowling balls, flotation devices, stucco, utensils, tool handles, picture frames, auto bodies and boat hulls, cellular concrete, geopolymers, roofing tiles, roofing granules, decking, fireplace mantles, cinder block, PVC pipe, Structural Insulated Panels, house siding and trim, running tracks, blasting grit, recycled plastic lumber, utility poles and cross arms, railway sleepers, highway sound barriers, marine pilings, doors, window frames, scaffolding, sign posts, crypts, columns, railroad ties, vinyl flooring, paving stones, shower stalls, garage doors, park benches, 

The fly ash can also be marketed to the agricultural
industry for the following purposes: 

It improves permeability
 status of soil 

Improves fertility status
 of soil (soil health) / crop yield 

Improves soil texture 

Reduces bulk density of
 soil 

Optimizes pH value 

Improves
 soil aeration and reduces crust formation 

Provides micro nutrients
 like Fe, Zn, Cu, Mo, B, Mn, etc. 

Provides macro nutrients
 like K, P, Ca, Mg, S etc. 

Works as a part substitute
 of gypsum for reclamation of saline alkali soil and lime for reclamation of acidic soils 

10 

Surface cover of bio reclaimed
 vegetated ash pond get stabilized and can be used as recreational park 

Ash ponds provides suitable
 conditions and essential nutrients for plant growth, helps improve the economic condition of local inhabitants 

Works as a liming agent 

Helps in early maturity
 of crop improves the nutritional quality of food crop 

Reduces pest incidence 

Conserves plant nutrients
 / water 

There is a definite market for the fly ash by-product;
the industry players in the global marketplace have to be clearly identified for the realization of commercialization. BioCrude can even
offer this ash by-products pro-bono to the industry or landfill, for there is no environmental hazard of same. 

The recyclables can be easily sold to the recyclable industry milieu (metals,
glass, ceramics, etc.). 

The balance of the inerts (Construction and Demolition
Debris, gravel, sand, bricks, etc.) can either be landfilled with no negative environmental impacts or crushed and given to companies
specializing in the fabrication of construction materials (if a market is identified, BioCrude can offer them these by-products (crushed
or uncrushed). 

BioCrude s Integrated MSW to Energy Complex
for Municipal Applications 

BioCrude s solution of an Integrated Municipal
Solid Waste to Energy complex is in line with the present trends in the Municipal Solid Waste MSW industry and the main
advantage of same is that it is comprised of a Materials Recovery Facility MRF and different modular waste treatment processes
and a power station. 

The material components (modules) of an Integrated
Municipal Solid Waste to Energy Complex are detailed as follows: 

1. 
 Entrance to complex : Kiosk and weighbridge (reception/departure and weighing of garbage trucks (pre-and-post deposit of MSW at the MSW Storage facility). 

2. 
 MSW Storage facility : Closed and properly ventilated warehouse facility for receiving and storing just in time (JIT) 3 days inventory of MSW. MSW is moved from the storage facility and moved via machinery and conveyor belts to the Materials Recovery facility. 

3. 
 Materials Recovery facility (MRF) : a properly ventilated facility that houses different types of machinery/equipment (either procured from suppliers or built in-situ according to plan specifications) requisite for different facets of the separation process of the MSW into the distinct categories of the waste (organics, hydro-carbon polymer based, cellulose, inerts, miscellaneous (batteries, cadavers, etc. )) and prepare same as the distinct feedstock for the different waste treatment processes (Composting, Biomethanation and Refuse Derived Fuel (RDF)), as well as separate the recyclables for resale and the inerts (elements of construction and demolition debris that are not recyclable) for landfilling or to be crushed and given/sold (negligible in nature in comparison to the revenue model established by the tipping fees, and resale of electricity and compost) to the secondary markets for the manufacturing of building materials. 

4. 
 Composting facility : A portion of the land concession will host a type of composting system, depending on BioCrude s evaluation of the waste analysis. A fertilizer will be procured, dried and stored in a warehousing facility for by-products. 

5. 
 Biomethanation facility : Modular digesters (to handle the organic fraction of the MSW) are constructed in series and, synchronized in operation, in order to receive organic waste and process same to extract and capture the methane gas which will be piped to the power plant (will be combusted for the procurement of renewable energy), and yield a cured fertilizer, which will be dried and stored in the warehousing facility for by-products. 

11 

6. 
 RDF facility : A Refuse Derived Fuel system (gasification derivative) will be procured and installed. The RDF facility will receive the nonorganic and noninert (hydro-carbon polymer and cellulose based waste) products, that will be used to make RDF pellets (compressed and dried bricks [fuel pellets]) that will be used as the primary feedstock for combustion within same, to generate renewable energy within the power plant. 

7. 
 RDF Biogas power plant : will be procured and installed within a certain section of the Complex with a dedicated Distributed Control System (DCS) for the MSW-Energy (RDF Biogas based) power plant fuel processing plant (controls instrumentation for the boiler and turbine, instrumentation for the balance of the power plant and control room). 

8. 
 Internal roads : will be constructed within the complex for vehicle/truck transport/passage within the complex. 

9. 
 Green Belt : will be developed for aesthetic purposes and municipal environmental conformities. 

12 

Business Model 

The Company s business model is designed to
create a profitable revenue stream through the direct acquisition of Concession Agreements from different Governments for the implementation
of BioCrude s integrated MSW-Energy Complexes. Our products, processes and services, marketed to the relevant target audience, enable
us, to generate multiple revenue streams and consistent profitability derived from the high gross profit inherent within the realms of
our proprietary products, services and applications. 

By acquiring the necessary Concession (MSW, Land and
Supply of Treated Effluent) and Power Purchase Agreements (PPA), from the respective governmental authorities of a certain country, with
Sovereign Guarantees (with right of subrogation), the Company will develop its Integrated Municipal Solid Waste to Energy Complex, under
 BOOT (Build, Own, Operate Transfer) basis. 

The following contractual understandings are the key
prerequisite elements for establishing a mutual meeting of the minds, by and between BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. and the governmental
authorities of a municipality/country, for the successful realization of BioCrude s MSW-Energy Complexes: 

1. 
 MSW Concession for the guaranteed delivery of MSW to the Complex with an implied base tipping fee per ton Put or Pay with annual escalations for the term (30 years) of the project with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years) and Sovereign Guarantees from the Minister of Finance endorsing same. 

2. 
 Land Lease Concession for the delivery of the required amount of land for project term (30 years), at an annual symbolic lease rate of 1/amount of land delivered/annum, with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years). 

3. 
 Supply of Treated Effluent Concession whereby the governmental authorities will supply the necessary treated water in order to fulfill the operational requirements of the MSW to Energy complex at a negligible symbolic annual rate for the term of the project with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years). 

4. 
 Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) [resale of procured electricity to the Power Corporation of the country in question], whereby the Power Corporation of a certain country will buy back the electricity produced by the MSW to Energy Complex at a base rate per kW-hr Take or Pay ), with annual escalations for the term (30 years) of the project with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years) and Sovereign Guarantees from the Minister of Finance endorsing same. 

5. 
 Assistance from the Appropriate Governmental Ministries and Municipalities in obtaining all necessary permits and clearances for the Construction and Operation of the MSW-Energy Complex (stipulations in contracts). 

Nota Bene : Depending on country policy
on foreign investment, the Company may request or be granted an exemption of taxes, levies, duties and all other relevant taxes applicable
to the importation of all plant, materials, equipment and rolling stock for the Construction of the MSW-Energy complex, from the appropriate
Ministries, related thereto. 

All of the aforesaid Concession agreements have to
be granted at the same time in order for BioCrude to successfully realize the development (Engineering, Procurement and Construction)
and operation of the MSW to Energy complex (the Sovereign Guarantees and right of subrogation are critical and paramount
for the funding requirements of the MSW to Energy complex). 

Target Market 

The global Waste to Energy segment of the waste management
industry is the target market BioCrude addresses. Management is confident it will succeed in having its integrated systems and processes
widely implemented across Africa, Asia, the Balkans, the GULF and North America with a view to expanding to other international markets
(Latin America). The Company s first step in penetrating its target market has been taken with the signing of Concession Agreements
with the country of the Union of the Comoros (Autonomous Island of Grande Comore); signed January 11, 2016. 

13 

Strategies of the Company 

BioCrude s strategy is designed to create a
 PROFITABLE revenue stream through the direct acquisition of Concession Agreements from different Governments, for the implementation
of BioCrude s integrated MSW-Energy Complexes, or through the establishment of unique and strategic alliances via licensing arrangements
and/or joint ventures within the industry milieu. 

BioCrude has developed what we believe is a highly
effective marketing strategy, built on a proactive direct marketing campaign with Government, large corporate facility management that
target the sector for waste product treatment and reformation. The Company believes that this will result in a development of a marketing
and distribution network with extensive coverage of the Company s target market at a minimal expense, allowing the Company to reach
profitability. We believe that our marketing strategy will permit us to generate an extensive customer/end user base; however, there can
be no assurance that our estimate regarding acceptance of our products and services will be correct. 

The Company s long-term strategy is to create
economically beneficial uses for waste streams through resource transformation solutions. Since the value of marketable by-products (commodities;
renewable energy, fertilizer, primary feedstock for building materials, etc. ), after processing costs, is a significant and absolute
amount, in juxtaposition to disposal options (ZERO), such as landfilling or incineration, the Company believes this strategy is effective
long-term. The Company believes that as carbon taxes or cap and trade systems are implemented and the demand for commodities rises, economics
will further favor this strategy. The Company is also focusing on lowering the cost of resource transformation solutions by reducing its
recycling processing operating costs, examining ways to mitigate commodity price fluctuations (forward contracts for marketable by-products),
and developing new processing technologies. These steps will help to build an effective business model at lower commodity pricing levels. 

The Company is focused on four main areas to improve
the performance of base operations and hence, increase cash flow generation. They are Pricing initiatives, Cost controls and operating
efficiencies, Integrated Waste to Energy development initiatives with long term Concession Agreements and, Asset Management 

BioCrude has developed a number of Lobbying (Sales/Solicitation)
programs and the standardization of same. We believe that the pricing logic used in our fee structures, with implied Put or
Pay and Take or Pay provisions for the supply of feedstock and resale of outputs (renewable energy), respectively,
is not only reasonable, but competitive. We expect to continue to add valued ameliorations to our structured fee-based pricing of products
and services. The goal of our pricing program is to generate price increases in excess of CPI, whilst being competitive in nature. BioCrude
will derive revenues from a combination of commodity sales (Marketable by-products fertilizer and energy resale), carbon credits
(CER s under the auspices of a Clean Development Mechanism (CDM project)) and tipping (gate) and material processing
fees. Fluctuations in commodity pricing are managed by several risk mitigation strategies including financial hedging instruments (transfer
of foreign exchange risk), floor prices, forward sales contracts, and index purchases. The goal is to optimize and stabilize the revenue
stream, while still being competitive, net of cost of operations, and generate consistent positive cash flows. 

The Company continues to search for the best continuous
improvement practices and programs as solutions to then implement as part of its corporate governance. The goals of these practices and
programs are to enhance customer service, increase safety for employees, and to reduce operating and administrative costs. The Company
has implemented continuous improvement strategies, and as such, as of date, the Company has introduced select operating efficiency initiatives
in safety, productivity, maintenance, customer service, environmental compliance, and procurement. 

Prior Activities of BioCrude Canada 

Within certain countries, if an entity wants to pursue
certain specialized works, it is recommended that the entity establish a presence within same (establish a corporation with a civic address).
As an example, in 2009, this was done in Romania with the anticipation that BioCrude Canada would be successful in acquiring the concession
agreements from the governmental authorities of Romania. BioCrude was not successful in meeting its objective in Romania for same and
stopped its lobbying works for the pursuit of said engagement by and between the Governmental authorities of Romania and BioCrude for
the implementation of BioCrude s proposed MSW to Energy complex in Romania, closed its preliminary office and the corporation became
dormant. 

14 

Since July 2008, BioCrude Canada has taken the initiative
to market and promote its intellectual property and specialized technical expertise throughout the marketplace, both nationally and globally
(we have introduced our technology to Governments and major Conglomerates in the Waste to Energy sector) in over 30 Countries worldwide,
whereby BioCrude has successfully opened dialogue with Governmental Authorities and respectable corporations for near future contractual
negotiations. 

In December 2007, Jaipuria Advanced Technologies,
Inc. (http://www.jaipuria-group.com and http://www. smvjaipuria.com/waste.php) of India, and BioCrude Canada, announced their formation
of a new division dedicated to Waste Reformation and Energy Procurement for the purpose of pursuing contracts in India. In many areas
of the country, waste management and energy shortages are a serious problem. With Jaipuria s construction and large project experience,
and with the use of the intellectual property supplied by BioCrude in terms of waste management and production of renewable energy, we
have, in January 2008, submitted a bid, in response to a tender for a Waste to Energy plant (2,000 TPD) in Okhla and Tymarpur, India (we
were not the selected candidate) and Indore, India (Collection and Treatment of municipal waste; 600 TPD; we were not the selected candidate). 

During this time, we have also negotiated with Pepsi
Co India to build a 50 TPD prototype in the city of Panipat, India, in a strategic joint venture alliance. A few months later,
Pepsi Co India s New President/CEO had a change of corporate venue and put aside the Waste to Energy initiative. Ever since then,
BioCrude Technologies, Inc. (Canada) decided not to pursue any more works in India. 

Pricing initiatives 

BioCrude has developed a number of sales/solicitation
programs and the standardization of the sales/solicitation process and standardized the sales/solicitation process. We believe that the
pricing logic used in our fee programs, with implied Put or Pay and Take or Pay provisions for the supply
of feedstock and resale of outputs (renewable energy), respectively, is reasonable and competitive. We expect to continue to add to our
fee-based pricing through additional administrative fees, recycling fees, late charges, and further improvements to our existing fee structures.
The goal of our pricing program is to generate price increases more than CPI. BioCrude will derive revenues from a combination of commodity
sales (Marketable by-products fertilizer and energy resale), carbon credits (CER s under the Clean Development Mechanism 
established pursuant to article 12 of the Kyoto Protocol (CDM project)) and tipping fees paid for material processing. Fluctuations
in commodity pricing are managed by several risk mitigation strategies including financial hedging instruments (transfer of foreign exchange
risk), Sovereign Guarantees, floor prices, forward sales contracts, index purchases, and tipping fees. The goal is to smooth revenue,
net of cost of products purchased, and generate consistent cash flows. 

Cost controls and operating efficiencies 

The Company continues to search for the best practices
throughout the entire organization and then implements these solutions through standardized continuous improvement programs. The goals
of these programs are to enhance customer service, increase safety for employees, and to reduce operating and administrative costs. The
Company has implemented continuous improvement strategies and the introduction of select operating efficiency initiatives in safety, productivity,
maintenance, customer service, environmental compliance, and procurement. 

Integrated Waste to Energy development initiatives
with long term Concession Agreements 

BioCrude excels is the reformation of MSW using its
intrinsic intellectual property as well as its expertise in Integrated Waste to Energy Processing Complexes. BioCrude has and will continue
to invest time, effort and valuable resources in the pursuit of Governmental Concession (MSW, Land, Supply of Treated Effluent and Power
Purchase Agreements (PPA)) Agreements, for the duration of twenty-five to thirty years, for the implementation of same. The essence of
the Concession Agreements, not only guarantees the MSW and implied tipping fees, related thereto (with annual indexing), but the resale
of the marketable by-products (energy to grid via PPA) for the duration of the term, with Sovereign Guarantees. Investments in Waste to
Energy facilities position the Company well for the evolution of the industry from waste management to resource management. 

15 

Company milestones and plan of execution 

BioCrude s MSW to Energy initiative is, by definition,
an en suite of waste management and energy procurement, whereby the latter is a marketable by-product derived from the intrinsic
processes of the treatment of the MSW by procuring the necessary constituent feedstock (primary material) to produce the renewable energy
in the modular section for power generation of the Integrated MSW to Energy complex. 

BioCrude s revenue model is based on revenue
generation from the following: i) the operation of MSW to Energy complexes (tipping fees, resale of renewable energy, resale of other
marketable by-products (compost, recyclables) and potential carbon credits, ii) Joint Venture license fees, whereby the prospective Joint
Venture partner will buy a license from BioCrude (payment to be effected immediately after signature) for their participation in the consortium
and will infuse its prorated share of equity capital for the potential MSW to Energy complex, and iii) EPC Engineering, Procurement
 Construction) management fees (general contracting fees, approximately 20 of the capital cost of the project). 

In order to realize an integrated MSW to Energy complex,
as defined in the Business Model , all Concession Agreements (guarantee of MSW supply, Land and Supply of Treated Effluent)
as well as a Power Purchase Agreement must be contracted concurrently, for they are ALL necessary constituent elements for
the development of an integrated MSW to Energy complex. 

In order to acquire the concessions for Biocrude waste
management (MSW to Energy), major lobbying must be done in all levels of government and ministries (e.g., Biocrude s waste management
project is an environmental project thus requiring the intervention of the Ministry of Environment, renewable energy is procured, hence
requiring the intervention of the Ministry of Energy/Power and Power Corporation (usually crown corporation), the municipalities usually
are responsible for the granting of the MSW, Land and Supply of Treated Effluent Concessions and the Ministry of Finance is responsible
for the signing of the Sovereign Guarantees, and in some instance, countries might have other intervening governmental agencies). 

BioCrude has positioned itself, through its continual
lobbying efforts (ongoing), for potential Joint Ventures (JV) with certain governments (countries/clients). Should any of these Joint
Ventures prove to be realized because of the persistent lobbying activities, not only will BioCrude be able to realize the EPC management
fee for the development of the MSW to Energy complex(es), but it will also receive its prorate share (50 of the revenue stream of the
developed MSW to Energy complex(es), with similar time frame frequencies as mentioned above, as well as a license fee (BioCrude already
submitted offers) immediately following signature of the Joint Venture engagement and the Concession and Power Purchase agreements. BioCrude
anticipates, that if the prospective JV partner(s) take the initiative to implement (not only entertain) a waste management solution for
their country, but possible engagement can be realized within 6 to 12 months following that initiative (being cognizant of bureaucracy
and red tape procedures of government). 

A vote of confidence has been bestowed to BioCrude
by the governmental authorities of the Autonomous Island of Grande Comore on its proposed integrated waste management solution for the
Autonomous Island of Grande Comore through the awarding of the necessary Concession Agreements (delivery of MSW, Land and Supply of Treated
Effluent) for 30 years (with a renewal option of 30 years) with Sovereign Guarantees for the implementation (design, build, finance and
operate) of a 700 TPD Municipal Solid Waste to Energy Complex, in the city of Moroni, Autonomous Island of Grande Comore, Union of the
Comoros. Furthermore, a Power Purchase Agreement has been signed with the Le Gestion de l Eau et de l lectricit 
aux Comores (MA-MWE) whereby same will buy back all procured renewable energy from the MSW to Energy complex for the term of the
Concessions (and renewal option). 

BioCrude, subject to its contractual engagement with
the Government of the Autonomous Island of Grande Comore for the implementation of a 700 TPD MSW to Energy complex in Moroni, Grande Comore,
through the financing provisions of the MSW to Energy project, will earn the EPC management/general contracting fee of approximately twenty
percent (20 of the capital cost of the MSW to Energy project (prorated over the duration of the construction period), i.e., commencing
within 6 to 8 months from these presences. 

16 

Nota Bene : For the Union of the Comoros, the Company is still
awaiting documents from the Federal Governmental Authorities stating that the Federal Government is the new Intervening Party to the Concession(s)
agreements previously signed with the Governorate (province; autonomous region) of Moroni, after the outcome of the Federal Referendum,
whereby through same, contracting and economic powers are transferred from the Governorate (Province) level to that of Federal level.
The Referendum outcome favored the Federal Government over that of the Governorate (Autonomous) Region of Moroni, i.e., authorizing documents
are still pending. 

BioCrude, as well, is looking at approximately 24
to 26 months (development time frame for the realization of MSW to Energy complex) before it can start generating absolute, guaranteed
revenues from the operation of the MSW to Energy complex(es) (tipping fees/fees from the resale of marketable by-products (compost, ash,
primary feedstock for building materials (inerts), recyclables, etc. ), resale of renewable energy and carbon emission reduction
credits [CERs]), servicing the waste management needs of the Government of the Union of the Comoros, as per the provisions and stipulations
of the contractual engagements with the government (with implied sovereign guarantees), for a minimum guaranteed term of 30 years (and
an option for an additional 30 years). 

BioCrude is evaluating additional options for funding
(capital markets, financial institutions, contracting companies, pension funds, etc. amongst other financially engineered hybrid
scenarios thereof) and has already opened up dialogue regarding same. BioCrude has received a term sheet for the funding of the MSW to
Energy project for the Union of the Comoros, ergo, BioCrude will shortly be able to commence works for ground breaking and start receiving
its EPC management fee as its first projected revenue stream on a prorate schedule subject to a disbursement schedule in accordance to
the terms and stipulations of the expected offer of funding. 

Hereunder is a schedule of events (agenda) for the
realization (full execution) of the MSW to Energy project in Moroni, Autonomous Island of Grande Comore (inclusive: contract realization
process), in order for BioCrude to start realizing revenues as an ongoing concern, not taking into account any prospective joint ventures
in the works. 

Different facets and schedule of events for the
pursuit and realization of MSW to Energy projects (excluding lobbying activities) 

Contract Conclusion, Engineering, Procurement 
Construction 

A. Signature of the following Accords necessary
for the realization of the MSW-Energy Complex in Moroni, Autonomous Island of Grande Comore 

1. 
 Deed of Assignment Agreement Protocol of Engagement by and between the Government of the Autonomous Island of Grande Comore and BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. Contract was signed January 11, 2016. 

2. 
 The signing of the Concession Agreement for the Municipal Solid Waste, Land Lease Agreement and Agreement for the supply of treated Municipal Water on January 11, 2016 

3. 
 The signing of the Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with the Le Gestion de l Eau et de l lectricit aux Comores (MA-MWE) [ Power Corporation of the Autonomous Island of Grande Comore] on January 11, 2016 

4. 
 Opening of a new Comorian Corporation (in the country in question) totally owned by BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc., opening of bank account and execution of all party obligations contained in the Deed of Assignment. This was done on January 12, 2016 

5. 
 Reception of letter from new governmental administration of the Autonomous Island of the Grande Comore (after elections in May 2016) reaffirming their initiative and will to fully respect and execute the engagements signed on January 11, 2016; August 25, 2016 

6. 
 Site selection (site Identification and legal designation (Cadastral, Lot, etc. ...)) for the MSW-Energy Complex, preparation of legal documents to annex same to the Land Lease Agreement and Assignment of selected parcel of land to BioCrude, as per the stipulations of the Land Concession agreement on November 12, 2016. 

17 

7. 
 Incorporating agreed to amendments and/or modifications to the contractual engagements of January 11, 2016, into the new agreements replacing those of January 11, 2016: December 9, 2016. 

8. 
 Granting of a Treasury Guarantee to BioCrude from the governmental administration of the Autonomous Island of the Grande Comore, as per the stipulations of the Concession and Power Purchase Agreements: December 10, 2016 

(Fully executed; timeline: it took approximately 8 months 

B. Organizational Matrix: Construction, Management, Operations and Maintenance
of Project 

1. 
 Flowchart of management staff 

2. 
 Organization of the Waste Management (Collection, Transportation, Sorting and Treatment) 

3. 
 Flowchart of Engineering, Procurement and Construction 

4. 
 Flowchart of Operations Complex and Maintenance 

5. 
 Flowchart for the influx of feedstock and the out flux (distribution) of by-products 

Fully executed; timeline: The tasks identified
above in B are part and parcel of the submitted preliminary proposal, which included the Prefeasibility Study Detailed
Project Report and the Business Plan (with financial metrics) , to the Governmental Authorities of the
Autonomous Island of Grande Comore (September 2015) for the realization of the Concession and Power Purchase Agreements in accordance
to the provisions of the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP)). 

C. Project implementation plan for the Integrated
Municipal Solid Waste to Energy Complex 

1. 
 Opening of the office in Moroni, Autonomous Island of Grande Comore: expected completion date September 2023 

2. 
 Recruitment and training of human resources in Moroni, Autonomous Island of Grande Comore (for engineering, management, operation, and maintenance): expected completion date September 2023 (preliminary core) 

3. 
 Recruitment of human resources in Canada (for key management positions): expected completion date September 2023 

4. 
 Preliminary Engineering: completed in preliminary proposal (generic) 

5. 
 Analysis of Municipal Solid Waste: expected completion date September 2023 

6. 
 Study of the site and soil studies: expected completion date October 2023 

7. 
 Detailed Engineering plans: expected completion date October 2023 

8. 
 Detailed plan of the development strategy of the complex: expected completion date October 2023 

9. 
 Hiring of project manager(s) and subcontractors (either through reference or through tender): expected completion date September 2023 

18 

10. 
 Recruitment of Material and Equipment specialist suppliers, via reputation in the marketplace or tender: expected completion date October 2023 

(Timeline: 6 to 8 months) 

D. Human Resource List for Project Implementation 

1. 
 Project management 

3. 
 Structural Engineers 

4. 
 Electrical Engineers 

5. 
 Mechanical Engineers 

6. 
 Environmental Engineers 

7. 
 Geological Engineers 

8. 
 Designers 

9. 
 Architects 

10. 
 Planners 

11. 
 Buyers 

12. 
 Supply Agents 

13. 
 Cost Controllers 

14. 
 Training Coach 

(Timeline: 2 to 4 months 

E. Development and implementation of the EPC project guide (Engineering,
Procurement and Construction) 

1. 
 Program Implementation Plan Project Execution Plan PEP Completed 

2. 
 Preparation of studies and preliminary engineering plans Completed 

3. 
 Preparation of studies and detailed engineering design 3 months following task D 

4. 
 Planning and timetable for the project (Gantt Chart) 3 months following task D 

5. 
 Obtaining permits and governmental approvals and clearances for the construction and operation of the complex 2 months following submission of detailed engineering plans to the related Governmental Agencies of the Union of the Comoros (timeline provision in agreements and signed off by the Governmental Authorities of the Union of the Comoros) 

6. 
 Construction 10 to 14 months following the execution of E.5. above incorporating a start up synchronization period of approximately 1 to 2 months 

7. 
 Operation and Maintenance Complex NA for Development timeline 

19 

F. Project Management and Control: Project Implementation Plan (PIP) 

1. 
 A preliminary feasibility study and a detailed report of the complex Completed 

2. 
 Strategic planning and economic analysis Completed 

3. 
 The selection of the field Completed 

4. 
 Preliminary engineering Completed 

Economic analysis and project risks 

The estimate of the total capital investment as well as operating and maintenance costs 

The preliminary assessment of environmental impact and permitting requirements 

The technology research, analysis and conceptualization 

5. 
 Reliability analysis Completed 

6. 
 The technology selection, project configuration and sizing Concurrently with task E.3. and its timeline 

7. 
 The studies and engineering plans for the environmental permitting Concurrently with task E.3. and its timeline 

8. 
 Research Techniques Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

9. 
 The strategy and planning for the reduction of emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

10. 
 The preparation of the Clean Design Mechanism documents for submission to the CDM program (literature and the detailed report for project compliance with the standards and requirements established by the UNFCCC) Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

11. 
 Carbon capture and storage Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

12. 
 The carbon credit analysis Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

13. 
 Energy efficiency Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

14. 
 The analysis of the applicable regulations Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

15. 
 The economic and financial analysis (Business Plan) for the preparation of the application for funding Completed; we have already opened up dialogue with an EPC firm for not only engaging same for the EPC works, but also financing same under the proviso of BioCrude subrogating its right to the Sovereign Guarantees; waiting for proforma proposal from EPC firm 

16. 
 The selection for the companies to carry out the civil works, and procure materials and equipment required for the development of the project (initiate works) Completed; we have already opened up dialogue with an EPC firm for not only engaging same for the EPC works, but also financing same under the proviso of BioCrude subrogating its right to the Sovereign Guarantees; waiting for proforma proposal from EPC firm 

17. 
 The management and supervision of the project 10 to 14 months; duration of EPC works 

18. 
 The operation and maintenance of the MSW-Energy complex NA for Development timeline 

19. 
 The invoice, receipt, and payment collection NA for Development timeline 

20. 
 Organization of briefings to the public NA for Development timeline 

20 

G. Environmental Impacts Analysis 

The evaluation process: 

1. 
 The assessment of critical elements used in the development of the project, emissions harmful to the environment, leaching into soil, drainage, etc. 

2. 
 Potential erosion, the effects of the use and release of public waters on the tributaries, the adjacent ecological systems to the site, etc. 

3. 
 The number of vehicles (trucks, cars, etc. and emissions of pollutants 

4. 
 The energy used in the complex and cooling of various buildings 

5. 
 Materials used for the manufacture of the floor 

6. 
 Building materials used for roofs 

7. 
 Management and treatment of municipal solid waste (MSW) 

8. 
 The quality of water and air 

9. 
 The negative environmental impacts and mitigation,
thereof 

10. 
 Analysis of existing site and the impact of adverse effects thereon, for the development of the MSW-Energy complex to minimize the impact thereof 

11. 
 Effect of development on sensitive regional systems sent by either air or by ground water systems 

(Fully executed; timeline: Part and parcel
of the submitted preliminary proposal Prefeasibility Study Detailed Project Report incorporating an Environmental
Impact Analysis to the Governmental Authorities of the Autonomous Island of Grande Comore for the realization of the Concession
and Power Purchase Agreements in accordance to the provisions of the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP);
the Environmental Impact Analysis was acceptable to the Governmental Authorities of the Autonomous Island of Grande Comore, hence no caveats,
provisions or stipulations related thereto are within the signed contractual agreements). 

Planning and Timetable for the Project 

The Summary forecast for the following tasks of the project planning encompasses
a timeline of 6 to 8 months: 

Analysis of the composition and characteristics of municipal solid waste, 

Study and preparation of plans for the preliminary engineering, 

Study and preparation of detailed plans of Engineering. 

The Summary forecast for the Construction synchronization
of different modules in the MSW to Energy complex of the project planning encompasses a timeline of 16 to 18 months (incorporating approximately
4 months for project preparation for ground-breaking ceremony). 

21 

Material Agreements 

We have filed (with SEC as part of the Company s
S-1(/A) registration statement(s)) our Material Agreements (the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP), the
Power Purchase Agreement (PPA), and MSW, Land and Supply of Treated Effluent Concession Agreements), with SEC as part of the Company s
S-1(/A) registration statement(s), respectively by and between the Governmental Authorities of the Grande Comore and BioCrude. 

January 2016 Concluded Engagements :
signed Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP), MSW, Land and Supply of Treated Effluent Concession Agreements
and a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA), by and between the Government of the Autonomous Island of Grande Comore and BioCrude Technologies
USA, Inc., for the implementation of the first Waste to Energy complex in the municipality of Moroni, which are as follows: 

Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP): exclusively assigning the rights of waste management treatment to BioCrude via the inter-related specific concession vehicles, all defining protocol and mode of engagement as well as rights, interests, and obligations of each engaging entity for the term of engagement (30 years) with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years). Contract was signed January 11, 2016 and amended on December 9, 2016. 

MSW Concession for the guaranteed delivery of MSW to the Complex with an implied base tipping fee per ton of MSW Put or Pay for the minimum MSW guarantee of 700 TPD) with annual escalations for the term (30 years) of the project with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years) and Sovereign Guarantees from the Minister of Finance endorsing same. Contract was signed January 11, 2016 and amended on December 9, 2016. 

Land Lease Concession for the delivery of the required amount of land for project term (30 years), at an annual symbolic lease rate of 1/amount of land delivered/annum, with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years). Contract was signed January 11, 2016 and amended on December 9, 2016. 

Supply of Treated Effluent Concession whereby the governmental authorities will supply the necessary treated water in order to fulfill the operational requirements of the MSW to Energy complex at a negligible symbolic annual rate for the term of the project with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years). Contract was signed January 11, 2016 and amended on December 9, 2016. 

Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) [resale of procured electricity to the Power Corporation of the country in question], whereby the Power Corporation of a certain country will buy back the electricity produced by the MSW to Energy Complex at a base rate per kW-hr Take or Pay for all of the renewable energy procured less the self-consumption needs of the MSW-Energy complex), with annual escalations for the term (30 years) of the project with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years) and Sovereign Guarantees from the Minister of Finance endorsing same. Contract was signed January 11, 2016 and amended on December 9, 2016. 

A Revolving Letter of Credit (RLC) , replenished
quarterly (for the duration of the term of the contractual engagements) will be issued by the Governmental Authorities of the Autonomous
Island of the Grande Comore (a temporary Treasury bond has been issued to BioCrude on December 10, 2016, which will be replaced by the
RLC), as per the provisions and stipulations of the contractual engagements (submitted to the SEC), as a default payment mechanism guarantee,
in the event of nonpayment of the tipping fees or for the purchase of the renewable energy, which can immediately, after default, be drawn
upon, to remedy default. The face value of the RLC is to cover the tipping fees and resale of electricity payments for a whole year, multiplied
by a factor of 1.5. 

On July 27, 2017, the Governmental Authorities of
the Autonomous Island of the Grande Comore have issued to BioCrude a Treasury Bond , with supporting literature (indenture,
resolutions, etc. as filed with SEC as part of the Company s S-1(/A) registration statement(s), as well as other in other
Form filings) baring a face value of twenty million United States Dollars (20,000,000 USD), in lieu of a Revolving Letter of Credit
(RLC) , replenished quarterly (for the duration of the term of the contractual engagements), as per the provisions and stipulations
of the contractual engagements (Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements). This Treasury Bond serves as a default payment mechanism guarantee,
in the event of nonpayment of the Governmental Authorities of the Autonomous Island of the Grande Comore s financial contractual
obligations (tipping fees and/or fees due for the purchase of the renewable energy), which same can immediately, after default, be executed
upon by BioCrude, to remedy default. 

22 

Nota Bene : The parties (the Governmental
Authorities of the Grande Comore and BioCrude), following discussions, agreed to enforce amendments discussed and reflect same within
the agreements and agreed to sign these new agreements, as amended, on December 9, 2016, replacing all the agreements signed on the 11 th 
of January 2016. The principal points of amendment were to incorporate the identified land concession, which was assigned to BioCrude,
by governmental decree, on November 12, 2016, and to reflect the new governmental administration that was elected to office as the representatives
for the Governmental divisions of the Grande Comore that engaged with BioCrude. 

For the Union of the Comoros, the Company is still
awaiting documents from the Federal Governmental Authorities stating that the Federal Government is the new Intervening Party to the Concession(s)
agreements previously signed with the Governorate (province; autonomous region) of Moroni, after the outcome of the Federal Referendum,
whereby through same, contracting, and economic powers are transferred from the Governorate (Province) level to that of Federal level.
The Referendum outcome favored the Federal Government over that of the Governorate (Autonomous) Region of Moroni, i.e., authorizing documents
are still pending. 

The following contractual attributes are intrinsic
to the aforesaid contractual (Concessions) agreements: 

Contracts are backed by Government Sovereign Guarantees 

Law and Jurisdiction of Dispute Arbitration (Canada) 

Law of Contract execution immunized against change of law with Grandfather clause 

Government issuance of (USD 20 Million) Treasury Bond; covers any interim financial defaults replenished quarterly 

Government payments are in US dollars (foreign exchange rate risk eliminated) 

Zero Income Taxes, VAT s and no levies duties of imported materials, equipment, rolling stock, etc. for duration of contract (30 years) 

Assignment of contracts/change of control clauses benefiting BioCrude (to its discretion) 

Land Lease Concession: Symbolic 1 US per 25 hectares per year, for 30 years (term), and for additional 30-year renewal term (no escalations / changes) 

Supply of Effluent Concession: Symbolic 1 US per 7,000 kL of Effluent (water) per day, for 30 years (term), and for additional 30-year renewal term (no escalations / changes) 

Supply of primary feedstock (waste): 700 tons per day not only at zero cost, but at either a gate fee [government pays BioCrude this tipping fee] 

Government buys back all procured renewable energy (net of self-consumption of complex) via a Power Purchase Agreement for the duration of the 30-year term and renewal option thereof 

BioCrude is beneficiary of all Certified Emissions Reduction Credits (CERs) due to the MSW to Energy project 

BioCrude s management and its Joint-Venture Partner, China Machinery Industry Construction Group Inc. (SINOCONST), have BONIFIDE credentials to execute the Engineering, Procurement, and Construction EPC of the MSW to Energy project, as well as the management of the operations to same 

23 

Status of Corporate Works (Milestone dates) 

China Machinery
Industry Construction Group Inc. SINOCONST), is one of the earliest large state-owned construction enterprises in China, having
Class A general construction contracting certification and Class A design certification approved by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural
Development, and having AAA credit standing and foreign trade license granted by the Ministry of Commerce. SINOCONST has passed the certification
of ISO9001 Quality Management System, ISO14001 Environmental Management System and GB/T 28001 Occupational Health and Safety Management
System. Presently, SINOCONST has 15 wholly owned subsidiaries, 4 Business Division divisions, 19 branch companies, 8 joint-stock companies
and 1National Exemplary Technician Institute. It boasts more than 10,000 employees, including 3,000 various engineers. 

During the
past 60 years since its establishment, SINOCONST has successively undertaken hundreds of large and medium key projects involving different
sectors, such as machinery, automobile, building materials, metallurgy, electric power, chemical, petroleum, electronics, light industry,
broadcasting TV, environmental protection, municipal, public, and civil buildings etc., with projects performed throughout the country.
SINOCONST has made great contribution to China s industrial development and modernization. 

On April 4th, 2017, China Machinery Industry Construction
Group Inc. s (SINOCONST) and BioCrude Technologies, Inc. have signed a strategic Partnership (JV) Agreement which embodies the understood
exclusive engagement by and between the participants of the JV Consortium (SINOCONST and BioCrude) for any present and future Waste to
Energy Project(s) acquired by any party worldwide. SINOCONST will be responsible for the EPC works (for the development of the Project(s)
[Design and Build]) as well as securing the financing for the Project(s), while BioCrude will be the operator (Operation and management). 

SINOCONST will
be responsible for the EPC works (for the development of the Project(s) [Design and Build]) as well as securing the financing for the
Project(s), while BioCrude will be the operator (Operation and management). Both SINOCONST and BioCrude will engage with SPV s/SPE s,
with Contract (Project) Agreements and Operation and management Agreements. 

As a caveat
for securitizing payment of the contract price for Engineering, Procurement and Construction EPC works, via the financing
mechanism established by SINOCONST, JV Consortium will set up Special Purpose Vehicle s/Entity s SPV/SPE for each acquired Project. The JV Consortium s mission and ethos for creating an SPV/SPE of each well-defined Project is to enable
direct securitization of financially engineered loans (and other receivables) against direct assets. SINOCONST s association (equity
participation) into every SPV/SPE will be provisional, in a sense where same will have a certain stake in the shareholdings (Common Stock)
of the SPV/SPE (as defined in the Capital Structure of the SPV/SPE, as referenced below and in the Memorandum and Articles of Association
of same, refer to Annex I), until such time that the loans vested for the development (Design, Building of Project by SINOCONST) of the
Project are fully paid back by the JV Consortium from the proceeds of the receivables (for services rendered to client by the Project
(SPV/SPE)), and all shares of Common Stock held by SINOCONST are transferred (sold to BioCrude for Project loan(s) repayment, only) to
BioCrude as full and final settlement for the loan (that paid for the contract price of said development to SINOCONST). As part and parcel
to the securitization of the loans in the SPV/SPE, BioCrude shall assign and/or subrogate its rights to its assets of that distinct Project
(Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements, Sovereign Guarantees, Revenues of Operation, etc. to the SPV/SPE JV Consortium ),
and same shall be subject to Charges (Mortgage, privilege, etc..) for financing (funding), only. 

On April 4,
2017, SINOCONST and BioCrude have commissioned the services of B W INT L SECRETARY LIMITED (Honk Kong, China) [law firm] to
establish an SPV/SPE, BioCrude Technologies, (Hong Kong) Limited [JV Corporation], as the development vehicle for
the MSW to Energy project for the Autonomous Island of the Grande Comore, Union of the Comoros (BioCrude Technologies, (Hong Kong) Limited;
filed as an exhibit with the SEC). The SPV/SPE possesses the following characteristics: 

1. 
 Memorandum and Articles of Association : The Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) [Hong Kong, China] for Private Company Limited by Shares is utilized as the base Memorandum and Articles of Association and enhanced / modified as per the terms, conditions, and stipulations of the JV Agreement by and between SINOCONST and BioCrude Memorandum and Articles of Association filed as an exhibit with the SEC). 

24 

2. 
 Organization and Capital Structure : as per the stipulations of the Memorandum and Articles of Association, and modified to reflect the following, as well: 

BioCrude
will account for seventy percent (70.0 of the total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock at an issue price of 1 HKD per share
for an aggregate issue price of 700 HKD, and at Closing Date; 

SINOCONST
will account for thirty per cent (30.0 of the total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, at an issue price of 1 HKD per share
for an aggregate issue price of 300 HKD, and at Closing Date and issued only once financing (funding) for the Project has been put in
place, and will be holder of same until such time that financing (funding) has been paid back, in full, whereby all shares of Common Stock
will have been transferred to BioCrude, as full and final settlement for loan repayment and shares of Common Stock acquisition. 

Nota
Bene : The financing (funding) secured by SINOCONST for the Project and accepted by the JV Consortium will bare an amortization
of approximately five (5) years, with a negotiated mechanism for the repayment schedule of principal and interest. Every year end (from
the beginning of operations of the Project, i.e., after project completion in accordance to the terms, conditions and stipulations of
SINOCONST s engagement (Contract (Project) Agreement) with SPV/SPE), relative to the amount of capital paid down from the original
outstanding loan on that year, a pro rata amount of shares of Common Stock will be given (transferred) back to BioCrude in that year,
until the full repayment of the loan, whereby the balance of the shares of Common Stock outstanding as shareholdings of SINOCONST are
transferred back to BioCrude, and BioCrude is one hundred per cent (100.0 shareholder of all of the issued and outstanding shares of
Common Stock. 

3. 
 Management (Board of Directors, Officers) : as per the stipulations of the Articles of Association, modified to reflect the terms, provisions and stipulations of the JV Agreement by and between BioCrude and SINOCONST. 

On April 4th,
2017, SINOCONST s General Manager of the Group Business Development Department, Mr. Zhou Tao, and BioCrude Technologies (Comoros),
LTD. [Hong Kong SPV established by SINOCONST and BioCrude, as a JV Partnership], Chairman and CEO, Mr. John Moukas, have signed a Construction
(EPC) Contract Agreement which embodies SPV s engagement of SINONST to Design, Construct, and Finance BioCrude s Municipal
Solid Waste (MSW) to Energy Complex in the municipality of Moroni, Autonomous Island of the Grande Comore, Union of the Comoros, to treat
MSW and procure renewable energy and other marketable by-products (organic fertilizer, ash, primary feedstock for building materials,
etc. within the conforms of BioCrude s acquired Concession and Power Purchase Agreements, as well as BioCrude s Deed
of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership with the Governmental Authorities of the Autonomous Island of Grande Comore, Union
of the Comoros. 

On September
1, 2017, BioCrude, in joint with SINOCONST JV Consortium ), have had a work session (in Beijing, China) with China Export
and Credit Insurance Corporation SINOSURE ), to clarify particulars regarding BioCrude s Municipal Solid Waste (MSW)
to Energy Complex Project in the municipality of Moroni, Autonomous Island of the Grande Comore, Union of the Comoros,
more particularly, the Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements and the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public Private Partnership.
Thereafter, BioCrude and SINOCONST, on behalf of BioCrude Technologies, (Hong Kong) Ltd SPV/SPE ), have submitted an application
to SINOSURE requesting loan insurance for the Project. As part and parcel to the loan insurance application, an independent third-party
feasibility study for the Project was requested. The JV Consortium has taken the initiative to solicit same for the execution of the required
works. 

On September
5, 2017, JV Consortium, on behalf of SPV/SPE, had a work session (in Beijing, China) with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Limited ICBC ), and shortly therewith, submitted to same, an application for funding for BioCrude s Project. We are
awaiting feedback regarding the indicative terms and conditions term sheet for the Project funding. 

25 

On October
5, 2017, BioCrude received from ICBC, the indicative terms and conditions term sheet for the Project funding (term of
validity was six months). On April 8, 2018, BioCrude received from ICBC, a renewal of the term sheet , extending the term
of validity for another six months. 

On January
2018, BioCrude, in joint with SINOCONST JV Consortium ), have commissioned out the works related to the feasibility study
of the Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) to Energy Complex Project in the municipality of Moroni, Autonomous Island of the Grande
Comore, Union of the Comoros, to China International Electronic Commerce Center CIECC ), an independent engineering firm
in China, acceptable to SINOSURE s shortlist of accredited and acceptable suppliers for same. 

On January
23, 2018, BioCrude, in joint with SINOCONST JV Consortium ), had a work session (in Beijing, China) with CIECC. CIECC had
requested that all of BioCrude s literature be translated into mandarin (translation was concluded by March 30, 2018); the status
of the final report of the feasibility study for the project, as of these presences, is on hold due (awaiting feedback from the federal
government of Union of the Comoros). 

On April 29,
2018, Comoros s President Sem Azali Assoumani declared that a referendum on amending the country s Constitution would be held
in July 2018. The results of the referendum were in favor of changing the constitution, and one of the issues of address was federal consolidation
of powers, and as such, the Federal Government of the Union of the Comoros, would now be the new Intervening Party to the Concessions
and Power Purchase Agreements, as well as the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP), in lieu of the Governorate
of the Autonomous Island of Grande Comore. 

In the months
of September and November 2018, BioCrude sent a delegation to the Union of the Comoros in order to clarify and document the transition
of the Federal Government s intervention, and as such, the Federal Government of the Union of the Comoros has yet to issue to BioCrude
the following Amending Declarations: 

1. 
 Amending Declaration to the Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements, as well as the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP), by the Ministry of Finance, Economy, Budget, Investment and Foreign Trade of the Union of the Comoros, whereby they Federal Government of the Union of the Comoros acknowledges same, as well as declare that the Federal Government of the Union of the Comoros is the new intervening party to contracts, more particularly, with respect to honoring all of the Government s obligations within the signed engagements with BioCrude, as well as the Sovereign Guarantees attached to same. 

2. 
 Amending Declaration to the Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements, as well as the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP), by the Ministry of Production, Environment, Energy, Industry and Crafts of the Union of the Comoros, whereby the Federal Government of the Union of the Comoros acknowledges same, as well as declare that the Federal Government of the Union of the Comoros is the new intervening party to contracts, more particularly, with respect to honoring all of the Government s obligations with the issuance of all necessary permits, and clearances for the development of BioCrude s Waste to Energy project in Moroni, Grande Comore, Union of the Comoros. 

BioCrude
also requested from the Federal Government of the Union of the Comoros legal division, a legal opinion of the Concessions and Power
Purchase Agreements, as well as the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP), incorporating the change of the
Contracting/Intervening Party. The Federal Government of the Union of the Comoros legal division has yet to issue same. 

As of these
presences, BioCrude has yet to receive the amending declarations, and legal opinion from the Federal Government of the Union of the Comoros,
as well as a signing date for the aforementioned expansion of works of waste treatment for the Governorates of Moheli and Anjouan, and
for the Waste Collection, and Street and Public Spaces Cleaning for the whole country of the Union of the Comoros (Autonomous Islands
of Grande Comore, Moheli and Anjouan). 

26 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we have one officer (Mr.
John Moukas) who is also a director of the company, and two non-employee directors, (Mr. Boris Baran and Mr. Edmond-Dario Monzon). We
have no agreements with any of our management for any services, but we do use independent professional contractors to execute works on
a need-to-need basis. 

Most business activities have been conducted by Mr.
John Moukas and certain independent contractors on a need-to-need basis (diligent with available resources). As of present, there are
no foreign divisions, but BioCrude did open a few corporations abroad to commence lobbying works (e.g., Romania (dormant), Union of the
Comoros (new; to establish activity short with)). The Company anticipates that additional employees will be added as needed. 

Contractors / Subcontractors 

At present, BioCrude utilizes the services of independent
contractors / subcontractors on an as needed basis, as opposed to sustaining certain human resources with its limited resources as full-time
employees. Independent contractors / subcontractors have been used for consulting purposes in the milieus of legal, financial, technical,
copywriting and translations as well as for lobbying services. BioCrude is not currently utilizing any subcontractors nor have any been
used on a regular basis in the past. 

It is worthwhile noting that in certain circumstances,
some independent contractors / subcontractors are remunerated with stock compensation, if an understanding with the independent contractors
/ subcontractors is established for same. 

Lobbyists, as part of the Company s governance,
are only engaged under the remuneration principle of a success fee basis (lobbying activities for obtaining concession agreements with
governments), with certain exceptions of financial compensation, whereby BioCrude (under careful consideration of circumstances and utility)
will cover some of the travel expenses of same. 

Description of Property 

We currently lease office space at 1255 Philips Square,
Suite 605, Montreal, Quebec, CA H3B 3G5 as our principal offices. We believe these facilities are in good condition, but that we may need
to expand our leased space as our business efforts increase. 

Available Information 

We are subject to the informational requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All of our reports are able to be reviewed through the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering
Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) which is publicly available through the SEC s website (http://www.sec.gov). 

We intend to furnish to our stockholders annual
reports containing financial statements audited by our independent certified public accountants and quarterly reports containing reviewed
unaudited interim financial statements for the first three-quarters of each fiscal year. You may contact the Securities and Exchange Commission
at (800) SEC-0330 or you may read and copy any reports, statements, or other information that we file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commission s public reference room at the following location: 

Public Reference Room 

 100 F. Street N.W. 

 Washington, D.C. 2054900405 

 Telephone: (800) SEC-0330 

27 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are at a very early operational stage and our
success is subject to the substantial risks inherent in the establishment of a new business venture. 

The implementation of our business strategy is in
a very early stage, and we currently have no revenues. Our business and operations should be considered to be in a very early stage and
subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business venture. Accordingly, the intended business and operations
may not prove to be successful in the near future, if at all. Any future success that we might enjoy will depend upon many factors, several
of which may be beyond our control, or which cannot be predicted at this time, and which could have a material adverse effect upon our
financial condition, business prospects and operations and the value of an investment in the Company. 

We have a very limited operating history, and our
business plan is unproven and may not be successful. 

The Company was formed in August 2015, but we have
not yet begun full scale operations, nor have we generated any revenue to date. We have not proven that our business model will allow
us to generate a profit. 

There are substantial doubts about our ability
to continue as a going concern and if we are unable to continue our business, our shares may have little or no value 

The Company s ability to become a profitable
operating company is dependent upon its ability to generate revenues and/or obtain financing adequate to fulfill our requirements to complete
evaluations of Concession acquisitions and development of same opportunities and to achieve a level of revenues adequate to support our
cost structure has raised substantial doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern. We plan to attempt to raise additional
equity capital by selling shares in this offering and, if necessary, through one or more private placement or public offerings. However,
the doubts raised, relating to our ability to continue as a going concern, may make our shares as an unattractive investment for potential
investors. These factors, among others, may make it difficult to raise any additional capital. 

Failure to effectively manage our growth could
place strains on our managerial, operational and financial resources and could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Our growth has placed, and is expected to continue
to place, a strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources. Further, if our business grows, we will be required to manage
multiple relationships. Any further growth by us or an increase in the number of our strategic relationships will increase this strain
on our managerial, operational and financial resources. This strain may inhibit our ability to achieve the rapid execution necessary to
implement our business plan and could have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, business prospects, operations and
the value of an investment in the Company. 

Competition in the Waste Management industry/milieu
is highly competitive and there is no assurance that we will be successful in acquiring viable Concession engagements from regulating
governmental authorities. 

The Waste Management industry/milieu is intensely
competitive. We compete with numerous companies, including many major companies which have substantially greater technical, financial,
and operational resources and staffs. Accordingly, there is a high degree of competition for access to funds. We cannot predict if the
necessary funds can be raised or that any projected work will be completed. 

Risk relating to intellectual property and know-how
protection 

Though certain intellectual property and know-how
of the Company is not or cannot be totally protected via legal mechanisms or against the implied intent and/or capabilities of potential
perpetrators, vulnerability to copying and/or theft exists. Board members have a distinct responsibility to analyze and mitigate risk
on behalf of the Company and/or shareholders, and as such, appreciate the materiality of the risk and will attempt to get a handle on
measuring its components and try to implement viable countering measures to same. As well, the Board will adopt, as part of its corporate
governance, policy that insists that vigilance be institutionalized by monitoring the worldwide marketplace, auditing all security and
confidentiality protections in the organization, and making security expectations clear to all employees, over and above developing and
having in place rapid response procedures to mitigate risk when theft or abuse of intellectual property occurs. 

28 

Current and future governmental and environmental
regulations could adversely affect our business. 

Our business is subject to federal, state and local
laws and regulations. Our operations are also subject to complex environmental and energy procurement laws and regulations adopted by
the various jurisdictions in which we have or expect to have operations. We could incur liability to governments or third parties for
any unlawful discharge of pollutants into the air, soil, or water, including responsibility for remedial costs. 

Government regulation could be an intervening issue
whilst trying to get the Concession and Power Purchase Agreements with implications related thereto, which may impact/inhibit the Company s
success in realizing its milestones in the execution of its proposed MSW to Energy Complex for a particular country (client). Part and
parcel of the Company s MSW to Energy proposal submitted to governments is a prefeasibility study of same, which is given to the
different divisions of governments, dictating what is required from same with regards to regulation, permits and clearances. The stipulations
and provisions for regulations, permits and clearances are absolute (once finalized by BioCrude and the Governmental authorities (with
the intervention of technical divisions of same)) within the Concession agreements and signed off on (as well as time delays for granting
same from the time BioCrude submits formal plans) by the appropriate divisions of government regulating same ad hoc, i.e. Ministry of
Environment (Pollution, water, etc. ), Ministry of Energy (Power Corporation; electricity act [auto producer of electricity and
transmission), Municipality (MSW Concession, land concession, water concession), Ministry of Finance (Sovereign Guarantees), etc. 
Once the Concessions are acquired (signed), government regulation risk is dramatically reduced or eliminated. 

Because the requirements imposed by laws and regulations
are frequently changed, no assurance can be given that laws and regulations enacted in the future, including changes to existing laws
and regulations, will not adversely affect our business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently lease office space at 1255 Phillips Square,
Suite 605, Montreal, Quebec, CA H3B 3G5 as our principal offices. We believe these facilities are in good condition, but that we may need
to expand our leased space as our business efforts increase. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are not presently a party to
any material litigation, nor to the knowledge of management is any litigation threatened against us, which may materially affect us. 

29 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is not yet quoted. Without an
active public trading market, a stockholder may not be able to liquidate their shares. If a market does develop, the price for our securities
may be highly volatile and may bear no relationship to our actual financial condition or results of operations. Factors we discuss in
this report, including the many risks associated with an investment in our securities, may have a significant impact on the market price
of our common stock. 

The ability of individual stockholders to trade their
shares in a particular state may be subject to various rules and regulations of that state. Several states require that an issuer s
securities be registered in their state or appropriately exempted from registration before the securities are permitted to trade in that
state. Presently, we have no plans to register our securities in any particular state. 

Holders of Common Stock 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had 325 stockholders of record for the 50,761,636 shares outstanding. As of March 29, 2023 we had 326 stockholders
of record for the 50,767,261 shares outstanding. 

Dividends 

The payment of dividends is subject to the discretion
of our Board of Directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, our capital requirements, our financial condition, and
other relevant factors. We have not paid or declared any dividends upon our common stock since our inception and, by reason of our present
financial status and our contemplated financial requirements, do not anticipate paying any dividends upon our common stock in the foreseeable
future. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends.
We currently do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future on the shares of common stock. We intend to reinvest any earnings
in the development and expansion of our business. Any cash dividends in the future to common stockholders will be payable when, as and
if declared by our Board of Directors, based upon the Board s assessment of: 

Our financial condition; 

Earnings; 

Need of funds; 

Capital requirements; 

Prior claims of preferred stock to the extent issued and outstanding; and 

Other factors, including any applicable laws. 

Therefore, there can be no assurance that any dividends
on the common stock will ever be paid. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

We currently do not maintain any equity compensation
plans. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued 4,000 shares of the Company s common stock, with a fair value of 16,000, for services rendered. and issued 47,250 shares
of the Company s common stock for cash proceeds of 189,000. 

On March 15, 2023, the Company has engaged with a
subscriber for the sale of 3,750 shares of its common stock, at 4.00 per share of common stock, for total proceeds of 15,000. 

On March 6, 2023, and March 15, 2023, the Company
issued 1,875 shares of its common stock to individuals, for services rendered. 

30 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Except for the historical information, the following
discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We caution you not to put undue reliance on
any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Our actual results or actions may differ materially from
these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual
report. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and related notes and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we currently
expect. 

OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK 

With the signing of the Concession Agreements with
the country of the Union of the Comoros and the funds raised through this common share offering the Company during the next twelve months
will be able to aggressively implement the building of its corporate infrastructure by adding a few key senior managers to oversee the
control of the management of the Complexes and the general management of the Company. In addition, technical staff experienced in the
management of the Engineering, Procurement, and Construction EPC activities, a key component in the controlling the successful
creation of a Complex will also be hired. The anticipated cost for accomplishing this is approximately 8 million, which includes the
provisions for infrastructure development of the Company (construction, fixed assets and equipment procurement), human resource staffing
and working capital. 

The crucial factor to the financial success is the
rapid successful signing of additional concession agreements. Each such agreement requires an immediate investment in the capital stock
of the legal entity created for the purpose of building and subsequently operating the Complex. Additional investments in the capital
stock of each Complex totaling ten percent (10 of the capital expenditure for a given Complex must be made in conjunction with the securing
of long-term debt provided by financial institutions (made possible by the sovereign guarantees included in the Concession Agreements).
The legal entities created for the Complexes in a given country take a wholly owned subsidiary of a joint venture owned fifty per cent
(50 each by the Company and the local government providing the sovereign guarantee. The Company anticipates the creation of a total
of eight (8) subsidiaries and two (2) joint ventures requiring a total of approximately 46 million (note: each joint venture entity requires
the upfront payment of a licensing fee on the part of the Company s joint venture partner, partially offsetting the Company s
investment in the Complex and providing a portion of the funds required to operate the Company and make further investments in additional
Complexes). 

Going Concern 

The future of our company is dependent upon its ability
to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations. Management has plans to seek additional capital through a private placement
and/or public offering of its common stock, if necessary. Our auditors have expressed a going concern opinion which raises doubts about
the Issuers ability to continue as a going concern. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Revenue 

We did not generate revenue during the year ended
December 31, 2022, or 2021. 

31 

Costs and Expenses 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were
 177,655 of operating expenses consisting of general and administrative expenses. Operating expenses for the prior year ended December
31, 2021, was 427,330, consisting of general and administrative. The decrease was mainly due to prior year professional fees charged
for investor relationship related to financing. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 439 in cash
and did not have any other cash equivalents. The following table provides detailed information about our net cash flows for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. To date, we have financed our operations through the issuance of stock and borrowings. 

In summary, our cash flows were as follows: 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For
 the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (204,235 
 (310,266 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 (1,104 
 (5,092 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 204,000 
 207,165 
 
 Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net
 increase (decrease) in Cash 
 (1,339 
 (108,193 
 
 Cash,
 beginning of year 
 1,778 
 109,971 
 
 Cash,
 end of year 
 439 
 1,778 

GOING CONCERN 

The Company s financial statements are prepared
using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not generated operating revenues to date and
has accumulated losses of 8,955,136 since inception. The Company has funded its operations through the issuance of capital stock, convertible
debt, loans, and advances from related parties. Management plans to raise additional funds through equity and/or debt financings. There
is no certainty that further funding will be available as needed. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company
to continue operating as a going concern. 

Under the going concern assumption, an entity is ordinarily
viewed as continuing in business for the foreseeable future with neither the intention nor the necessity of liquidation, ceasing trading,
or seeking protection from creditors pursuant to laws or regulations. Accordingly, assets and liabilities are recorded on the basis that
the entity will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in the Business paragraph and eventually attain profitable
operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern. 

During the next year, the Company s foreseeable
cash requirements will relate to continual development of the operations of its business, maintaining its good standing and making the
requisite filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the payment of expenses associated with research and development. The
Company may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital. 

Historically, it has mostly relied upon internally
generated funds and funds from the sale of shares of stock to finance its operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital
through future public or private offerings of the Company s stock or through loans from private investors, although there can be
no assurance that it will be able to obtain such financing. The Company s failure to do so could have a material and adverse effect
upon it and its shareholders. 

32 

Operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 204,235
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 310,266 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 1,104 and
 5,092 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 204,000
and 207,165 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Since inception, we have financed our cash flow requirements
through issuance of common stock and related party advances. As we expand our activities, we may, and most likely will, continue to experience
net negative cash flows from operations, pending receipt of listings or some form of advertising revenues. Additionally, we anticipate
obtaining additional financing to fund operations through common stock offerings, to the extent available, or to obtain additional financing
to the extent necessary to augment our working capital. In the future we need to generate sufficient revenues from sales in order to eliminate
or reduce the need to sell additional stock or obtain additional loans. There can be no assurance we will be successful in raising the
necessary funds to execute our business plan. 

We anticipate that we will incur operating losses
in the next twelve months. Our lack of operating history makes predictions of future operating results difficult to ascertain. Our prospects
must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development,
particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable
business model and the management of growth. 

To address these risks, we must, among other things,
obtain a customer base, implement, and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy, continually develop and upgrade our website,
respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so can have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements
and does not anticipate entering into any such arrangements in the foreseeable future. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying
our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we report in our financial statements, which we discuss under the heading
 Results of Operations following this section of our MD A. Some of our accounting policies require us to make difficult
and subjective judgments, often because of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

We set forth below those material accounting policies
that we believe are the most critical to an investor s understanding of our financial results and condition and that require complex
management judgment. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of the Company s financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The Company s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission include, where applicable, disclosures of estimates,
assumptions, uncertainties, and markets that could affect the financial statements and future operations of the Company. 

33 

Fair value of financial instruments 

The carrying amounts reflected in the balance sheets
for cash, accounts payable and related party payables approximate the respective fair values due to the short maturities of these items.
The Company does not hold any investments that are available-for-sale. 

As required by the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
Topic of the FASB ASC, fair value is measured based on a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring
fair value as follows: (Level 1) observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; (Level 2) inputs, other than the quoted prices
in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and (Level 3) unobservable inputs in which there is little or no
market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described
below: 

Level 1 : Unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 : Quoted prices in markets that are
not active, or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level 3 : Prices or valuation techniques that
require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (supported by little or no market activity). 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

This item is not applicable as we are currently considered
a smaller reporting company. 

34 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. 

 BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. 

 Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 5041) 
 F-3 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolided Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolided Statements of Changes in
Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolided Statements of Cash Flows
for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolided Financial
Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the entity has not generated
revenues to date and has suffered recurring losses from operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc.'s
auditor since 2023. 

March 29, 2023 

F- 2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors of
BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of BioCrude Technologies
USA, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related statement of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and
cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s significant
operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or are required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. 

We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s BF Borgers CPA PC 

 BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 5041) 

We have served as the Company's auditor from 2018
to 2023 

 Lakewood, CO 

 March 14, 2022 

F- 3 

BIOCRUDE TECHNOLOGIES USA, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

December 31,
2022 
 
 December 31,
2021 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 CURRENT
ASSETS 

Cash 

Advances
to related parties (Note 7) 

TOTAL
CURRENT ASSETS 

Property,
plant and equipment , net 

TOTAL
ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT
LIABILITIES 

Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities - related parties (Note 7) 

Related
Party Debt (Note 5) 

Debt
(Note 4) 

TOTAL
CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL
LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

Common
stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional
paid in capital 

Subscription
receivable 

Accumulated
other comprehensive income 

Accumulated
deficit 

() 

() 
 
 TOTAL
STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY 

() 

() 
 
 NON-CONTROLLING
INTEREST 

() 

() 
 
 TOTAL
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

BIOCRUDE TECHNOLOGIES USA, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING
 EXPENSES 

General
 and administrative expenses 

LOSS
 FROM OPERATIONS 

Interest
 expense 

Income
 tax expense 

NET
 LOSS 

OTHER
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Translation
 to reporting currency 

TOTAL
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

NET
 LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO 

Equity
 shareholders of the Company 

Non-controlling
 interest 
 ) 

NET
 LOSS 

TOTAL
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO 

Equity
 shareholders of the Company 

Non-controlling
 interest 
 ) 

TOTAL
 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Loss
 per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted
 average number of shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

BIOCRUDE TECHNOLOGIES USA, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

Number
 of shares 
 Par
 Value 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income 
 Deficit 
 Total
 equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company 
 Non- 
 controlling interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2020 

Stock
 issued for services 

Subscription
 Receivable 

Stock
 issued for cash 

Foreign
 currency translation gain 

Net
 loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

Stock
 issued for services 

Subscription
 Receivable 

Stock
 issued for cash 

Foreign
 currency translation gain 

) 

Net
 loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company 

) 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

BIOCRUDE TECHNOLOGIES USA, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation 

Stock issued for services 

Unrealized gain on foreign exchange rates 

() 

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts payable and accruals 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related party 

() 

() 
 
 Accrued
interest 

Accrued interest - related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from private placement 

Proceeds from debt arrangements 

Repayments
on debt arrangements 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

CHANGE IN CASH DURING THE YEAR 

() 

() 

CASH BEGINNING 

CASH ENDING 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Interest paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

BIOCRUDE TECHNOLOGIES USA, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

since inception. The Company has funded its operations through the issuance of capital stock, convertible debt, loans, and
advances from related parties. Management plans to raise additional funds through equity and/or debt financings. There is no
certainty that further funding will be available as needed. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company
to continue operating as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue its operations as a going concern, realize the
carrying value of its assets, and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business is dependent upon its ability to raise
new capital sufficient to fund its commitments and ongoing losses, and ultimately on generating profitable operations. 

,
2021 gain of ).
Except for translations of intercompany balances, all translations of monetary balances to the functional currency at the year-end
exchange rate are included in foreign exchange expense. The translations of intercompany balances to the functional currency at the
year-end exchange rate are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss (2022
 gain of ,
2021 loss of ). 

The Company has not, to the date of these consolidated
financial statements, entered into derivative instruments to offset the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. 

t
have cash equivalents. 

years. Property, plant, and equipment consisted of the following: 

Additions 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Additions 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

ACCUMULATED
 DEPRECIATION 

Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

Depreciation Expense 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Depreciation Expense 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

PROPERTY,
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 
 16,479 
 4,375 
 20,854 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2022 
 14,059 
 3,836 
 17,895 

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50, Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees. 
Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable:
(a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined
at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date. 

shares with a par value. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company issued 
shares of the Company s common stock, with a fair value of ,
for services rendered. and issued 
shares of the Company s common stock for cash proceeds of . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of the Company s common stock, with a fair value of , for services rendered and issued shares
of the Company s common stock for cash proceeds of . 

(December
31, 2021 in principal and accrued interest of (December
31, 2021 - outstanding. Included in the balance of debt, 
was cash advanced bearing no interest and due on demand. Also in the balance of debt was loans of 
that bear interest at a rate of ,
are unsecured and are due on demand. 

(December 31, 2021 - in principal and accrued interest of 
(December 31, 2021 - due to a director of the Company. The debt bears interest at a rate of ,
is unsecured, and is due on demand. 

Statutory tax rate 

Expected recovery at statutory rate 

Non-deductible expenses 

Temporal differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

The Company s tax-effected deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are estimated as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The Company has non-capital losses carried forward of approximately 
 which expire . 

. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the CEO earned compensation and advanced the Company and the Company
made repayments to the CEO of , resulting in an advance to related parties of as of December 31, 2022. These amounts are
unsecured, without interest, and payable on demand. 

shares of its common stock,
at per share of common stock, for a total quantum of . 

On March 6,
2023, and March 15, 2023, the Company has issued out and shares of its common stock, respectively, to persons, for services
rendered. 

F- 11 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Our current registered independent public accountant
is MAC Accounting Group, LLP (1070 Mecham Lane, Midvale, Utah 84047; Tel: (801) 414-3664; Website: https://www.macaccountinggroup.com/),
as per the stipulations declared on the Form 8-K, dated January 30, 2023. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there were
no disagreements whatsoever, with our registered independent public accountant (MAC Accounting Group, LLP on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, fiscal statement disclosures or auditing scope or procedure which, if not resolved by our registered independent
public accountants, would have caused same to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with its reports
for such fiscal year(s); and there were no reportable events as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K except for the material
weakness mentioned hereunder in Item 9A, Controls and Procedures (sub-section Management s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting ). 

The reports of MAC Accounting
Group, LLP on our financial statements, as of the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified
as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that the reports for each such fiscal year included a paragraph (of unqualified
opinions) stating that there was substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer, John Moukas, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) as of the year end covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, they have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure
controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information
we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control, as is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These internal controls
are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly, that disclosures are adequate
and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness
of any system of internal controls, including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently, an effective internal
control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to reporting financial information. 

Our internal control over financial reporting includes
policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles and the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made and in accordance with our
management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Management has undertaken an assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based upon this evaluation,
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December
31, 2022 . 

Based on that evaluation, management concluded that, during the period
covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective due to the following material weakness identified: 

35 

1) 
 Inadequate control activities or formal accounting policies or procedures as a result of: 

(i) 
 Lack of appropriate segregation
of duties, 

(ii) 
 Lack of control procedures
that include multiple levels of supervision and review, 

(iii) 
 An
 overreliance upon independent financial reporting consultants for review of critical accounting areas
 and disclosures and material nonstandard transactions, and 

(iv) 
 Lack of IT controls within
the financial reporting process. 

2) 
 Inadequate control environment, specifically: 

(i) 
 No
 risk assessment, information or communication, or monitoring processes exist, 

(ii) 
 There
 are no policies requiring formal written approval of related party transactions, and 

(iii) 
 While
 corporate governance has been established, it is inadequate as a result of limited resources and oversight. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit
the Company to provide only the management s report in this annual report. 

Implemented or Planned Remedial Actions in response
to the Material Weaknesses 

We will continue to strive to correct the above noted
weakness in internal control once we have adequate funds to do so. We believe appointing a director who qualifies as a financial expert
will improve the overall performance of our control over our financial reporting. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 that materially affect, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

The Company s management, including the chief
executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that its disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all errors
or all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur
because of simple error or mistake. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit the company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

36 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The names of our director and executive officers as
of December 31, 2022 and March 29, 2023, and their ages, positions, and biographies are set forth below. Our executive officers are appointed
by, and serve at the discretion of, our board of directors. 

Executive Officers 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 John Moukas 
 57 
 Director, President and CEO 
 
 Boris Baran 
 76 
 Director and Secretary 
 
 Edwin-Dario Monzon 
 45 
 Independent Director 
 
 Domenico Chiovitti 
 77 
 Officer and Advisor to the Board 
 
 Peter Rona 
 77 
 Advisor to the Board 

Directors, Executive Officers, Advisors, Promoters and Control Persons 

John Moukas : B.Sc. Eng., Chairman / CEO ; Specializing in early-stage technology start-ups, finance and securities (private and public corporations). 

Mr. Moukas is a highly qualified Executive
Manager offering more than 22 years of Financial Management, Leadership and Controller experience within the financial market and service
industries. Results-Focused and effectual leader with proven ability to turn around financially troubled/distressed companies and to start
off new companies from thought inception. Mr. Moukas talent for proactively identifying and resolving problems, reversing negative
sales trends, controlling costs, automating accounting systems and corporate procedures, maximizing productivity and capability of delivering
multimillion dollar profit increases is a definite synergy for BioCrude s incubation into a flourishing on-going concern. 

Mr. Moukas has worked as an independent financial
and management consultant since 1995. 

Mr. Moukas is the co-founder of 9175 1925
Quebec Inc. (since 2006 until 2012) and founder of BioCrude Technologies, Inc. (Canada), where he has been with same since October 2008
(inception) at the capacity of Chairman/CEO. 

Boris Baran : M.Sc., Director / Secretary ; Seasoned Executive with Corporate Development skills, Team Building experience and Corporate Strategist. 

Mr. Boris Baran has an extensive 40-year
background in IT; Mr. Baran has served in the following related capacities: 

Providing solutions to business problems for major corporations by conducting feasibility studies and by designing/developing/implementing computer-based information systems. These activities were performed as an independent consultant and as an employee of IBM Canada. 

Engaged as a Systems Engineer by IBM Canada, whereby his responsibilities included customer technical support as well as the marketing of goods and services. 

In addition to his industrial experience,
Mr. Baran was also a professor of computer information systems at the John Molson School of Business, Concordia University for some 30
years. Apart from his regular teaching activities, he organized and conducted seminars for the business community. Mr. Baran s personal
and business contacts, as well as his acquired marketing skills, have enabled him to secure investors for various business opportunities. 

37 

Mr. Baran has been with the John Molson School
of Business, Concordia University since September 1981 until June 2010 at the capacity of Professor and has been with BioCrude Technologies,
Inc. (Canada) since October 2008 at the capacity of advisor to the Chairman/CEO. 

Edwin-Dario Monzon : B.A., LL.B.; Independent Director ; Major strengths include Compliance, Governing Law, Civil-Commercial Litigation, Financial Public Relations and Presentation and Public Interviews. 

Mr. Edwin Monzon has been with Lazarus, Charbonneau
since 2004. He spent 4 years in the litigation department and then moved on to counsel and assist land-based and online gaming operators.
He has assisted governments in the drafting of their gaming legislations, and he has provided guidance and support to the gaming operators
to help them navigate the various regulatory requirements from a legal, compliance, contractual and structural perspective. In addition,
he has advised and counseled on several acquisitions in various different sectors of e-commerce. 

Mr. Monzon is fluent in English, French and
Spanish 

Domenico Chiovitti :
B.Sc., CTO / VP R D ; Senior Chemist Project Supervisor; Specialist in Quality Control of End Products, Research and
Development of Products and Chemical processes, Laboratory Set Up, Management and Supervision. 

Mr. Chiovitti is an experienced Senior Chemist,
Gas Laboratory Supervisor, Project Manager, and Consultant with over 35 years of experience in the Research Development sectors.
This includes over 25 years of hands-on experience with Petro-Canada in research development, and quality control of products, and in
the working directly/ indirectly with Scientific Solutions in the course of conducting multiple projects within the Biotechnology industry
space while engaging a vast number of collaborators worldwide. In addition, Mr. Chiovitti has led large scale capital projects employing
new technologies and requiring both construction/expansion of large-scale facilities within mission critical operational environments. 

His exposure includes all standard corporate
functions and efforts in the areas of: 

- Multi-Cultural Team Supervision. 

- Contract Management/Equipment Purchasing/Procurement
and Product Development 

- Risk Mitigation Strategies and Incorporation
into Project Implementation Plans. 

Corporately, Mr. Chiovitti is well served
with the development of Strategic Plans through engagement of various stakeholders that include internal divisions, external partners,
collaborators, and investors. The strategies are normally employed as a communication tool as well as obtaining senior management/BOD
approval. 

Peter Rona : MBA, Advisor to the Board ; Major strengths include Team Building, Contract Negotiations, Executive Management, Financial Public Relations and Presentation, Public Interviews and creating focus around the order of Corporate Priorities. 

Mr. Rona is a Seasoned Executive Manager
(hosted multiple positions as CEO, President, General Manager and chaired many Boards) offering more than 38 years of Management and Leadership
experience within the private and public media, entertainment, and technology industry milieus. Particular strengths are in financial
management, marketing, mergers and acquisitions, motivation and team management; highly regarded for profitable track record in the entertainment
and technology community. Mr. Rona is a skilled leader in business strategy, sales, marketing, finance, technology, and business development.
Currently, CEO of CPNA (Contract partners North America) a distributor of contract furniture and accessories to the Hospitality Industry.
Considered a solid professional that has managed sharply accelerating growth and significantly improved profitability while reducing costs
and investing for growth. 

38 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of our
officers or directors. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws both provide
for the indemnification of our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. 

Limitation of Liability of Directors 

Pursuant to the NRS, our Articles of Incorporation
exclude personal liability for our Directors for monetary damages based upon any violation of their fiduciary duties as Directors, except
as to liability for any breach of the duty of loyalty, acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or
a knowing violation of law, or any transaction from which a Director receives an improper personal benefit. This exclusion of liability
does not limit any right which a director may have to be indemnified and does not affect any Director s liability under federal
or applicable state securities laws. We have agreed to indemnify our directors against expenses, judgments, and amounts paid in settlement
in connection with any claim against a Director if he acted in good faith and in a manner, he believed to be in our best interests. 

Election of Directors and Officers 

Directors are elected to serve until the next annual
meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting
of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No Executive Officer or Director of the Corporation
has been the subject of any Order, Judgment, or Decree of any Court of competent jurisdiction, or any regulatory agency permanently or
temporarily enjoining, barring suspending or otherwise limiting him/her from acting as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer
in the securities industry, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of an investment company, bank, savings and loan association,
or insurance company or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity or in connection with
the purchase or sale of any securities. 

No Executive Officer or Director of the Corporation
has been convicted in any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a criminal proceeding which is currently
pending. 

No Executive Officer or Director of the Corporation
is the subject of any pending legal proceedings. 

Audit Committee and Financial Expert 

We do not have an Audit Committee. Our director performs
some of the same functions of an Audit Committee, such as: recommending a firm of independent certified public accountants to audit the
annual financial statements; reviewing the independent auditor s independence, the financial statements, and their audit report;
and reviewing management s administration of the system of internal accounting controls. The Company does not currently have a written
audit committee charter or similar document. 

We have no financial expert. We believe the cost related
to retaining a financial expert at this time is prohibitive. Further, because of our start-up operations, we believe the services of a
financial expert are not warranted. 

39 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than
ten percent of an issuer s common stock, which has been registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, to file initial reports
of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC. Based upon a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and written
representations from our executive officers and Directors, we believe that as of the date of this filing they were all current in their
filings. 

Code of Ethics 

We have
adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers, and employees. The Company does currently have a written Code of Ethics
and can be viewed on BioCrude Technologies, Inc. s website at https://biocrudetech.com/index.php?option=com_content view=article id=99 Itemid=103,
combined with the Corporate Governance link. 

Nominating Committee 

We do not have a Nominating Committee or Nominating
Committee Charter. Our Board of Directors performs some of the functions associated with a Nominating Committee. We have elected not to
have a Nominating Committee in that we are an initial-stages operating company with limited operations and resources. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning the annual compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers during the last two
 fiscal years. 

(a)
Name and Principal Position 
 
 (b)
Year 
 
 (c)
Salary 
 
 (d)
Bonus 
 
 (e)
Stock Awards 
 
 (f)
Option Awards 
 
 (g)
Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 
 (h)
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation earnings 
 
 (i)
All Other compensation 
 
 (j)
Total Compensation 
 
 John
Moukas, Chief 

Executive
Officer 

2021 

48,143 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

48,143 

President
 Director 

2022 

54,476 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

54,476 

Boris
Baran 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Sec.
Treas. Dir. 

2022 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Edwin-Dario
Monzon 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Dir. 

2022 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

40 

As of December 31, 2022 

Stock Award(s) : There were no outstanding
stock awards as of December 31, 2022. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End .
There were no outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022. 

Board Committees 

We do not currently have any committees of the Board of Directors. Additionally,
due to the nature of our intended business, the Board of Directors does not foresee a need for any committees in the foreseeable future.
Our board of directors will approve all compensation matters until such time a compensation committee is established and approved. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of December 31,
2022, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by: (i) each person known to us to be
the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each director or nominee for director
of our Company, (iii) each of the executives, and (iv) our directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the
address of each shareholder is c/o our company at our principal office address: 

Beneficial Owner 
 Transaction Type (Account Recorded) 
 Address 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned ) 
 Percent of Class 
 
 John Moukas (Chairman/CEO) 
 Historical: Creator, Incubator of Company Acquired Stock 
 465 88 th Avenue, Laval, Quebec, Canada H7W 3G1 
 37,996,375 
 74.85 
 
 Cerasela Tesleanu (Spouse to John Moukas) 
 Historical Gifted Stock from John Moukas holdings 
 465 88 th Avenue, Laval, Quebec, Canada H7W 3G1 
 1,500,000 
 2.96 
 
 Mike Mavrigiannakis (Shareholder: Brother-in-law to John Moukas) 
 Convertible Loan Gifted Stock (GS) 
 208 Maupassant DDO Quebec, Canada H9G 3A9 
 2,638,000 
 5.20 
 
 Vickie Moukas Mavrigiannakis (Shareholder: Sister to John Moukas Married to Mike Mavrigiannakis) 
 Convertible Loan Gifted Stock (GS) 
 208 Maupassant DDO Quebec, Canada H9G 3A9 
 2,638,000 
 5.20 
 
 Boris Baran (Secretary/Director) 
 Acquired Stock 
 1008-5350 MacDonald Ave., Montreal, Quebec Canada H3X 2V2 
 1,008,500 
 1.99 

) 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC which generally attribute Beneficial Ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power and/or investment power with respect to those securities. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power are exercised solely by the person named above or shared with members of such person s household. This includes any shares such person has the right to acquire within 60 days. 

Percent of class is calculated based on the number of shares outstanding on December 31, 2022: 50,761,636. 

41 

Changes in Control 

There are no arrangements, known to the Company, including
any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of
the Company. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPNDENCE 

Related Party Transactions 

As at December 31,
2021, the CEO of the Company had earned compensation and advanced the Company funds, net of repayments, resulting in accounts payable
and accrued liabilities to related parties of 41,664. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the CEO earned compensation and advanced
the Company 79,808 and the Company made repayments to the CEO of 125,819, resulting in an advance to related parties of 4,347 as of
December 31, 2022. These amounts are unsecured, without interest, and payable on demand . 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has debt of 15,874 (December 31, 2021
- 16,958) in principal and accrued interest of 9,039 (December 31, 2021 - 8,378) due to a director of the Company. The debt bears interest
at a rate of 4 , is unsecured, and is due on demand. 

Director Independence 

We currently do not have any independent directors,
as the term independent is defined in Section 803A of the NYSE Amex LLC Company Guide. Since the OTC Markets does not have
rules regarding director independence, the Board makes its determination as to director independence based on the definition of independence 
as defined under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and American Stock Exchange Amex ). 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

(1) AUDIT FEES 

The review fees charged by BF Borgers CPA PC for three
months ended (Q1: March 31, 2022), six months ended (Q2: June 30, 2022) and nine months ended (September 30, 2022) quarterly report reviews
were 3,240 each, and audit fees charged by Mac Accounting Group, LLP related to this Form 10-K (2022) filing for reviewing and issuing
a consent letter for same were 9,000. The review and issuing a consent letter fee charged by BF Borgers CPA PC related to this Form 10-K
(2022) were 6,850 3,850 3,000, respectively). 

The review fees charged by BF Borgers CPA PC for three
months ended (Q1: March 31, 2021), six months ended (Q2: June 30, 2021) and nine months ended (September 30, 2021) quarterly report reviews
were 3,240 each, and audit fees charged by BF Borgers CPA PC related to the Form 10-K (2021) filing for reviewing and issuing a consent
letter for same was 9,720. 

(2) AUDIT-RELATED FEES 

Darren Reinblatt CPA,
Inc. charged the Company 1,890 for bookkeeping and administrative
services for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Mao Ying LLP, CPA, Inc. charged the Company
 11,000 for accounting and financial statement preparations for the year ended December 31, 2022 (including fees for this Form 10-K (2022)
filing). 

Darren Reinblatt CPA, Inc.
charged the Company 3,917 for bookkeeping and administrative services for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Mao Ying LLP, CPA,
Inc. charged the Company 11,000 for accounting and financial statement preparations for the year ended December 31, 2021 (including fees
for the Form 10-K (2021) filing). 

(3) INCOME TAX FEES 

The Income Tax fees charged by Liggett Webb,
P.A., for year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the IRS , were 1,700 and the Income Tax fees charged by Darren Reinblatt
CPA, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Canada Revenue Agency and Revenue Quebec 
were 730. 

The Income Tax fees charged by BF Borgers CPA PC for
year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the IRS , are 1,650 and the Income Tax fees charged by Darren Reinblatt CPA,
Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the Canada Revenue Agency and Revenue Quebec were
 1,000. 

(4) ALL OTHER FEES 

None. 

(5) AUDIT COMMITTEE POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 

We do not have an audit committee. 

(6) If greater than 50 percent, disclose the percentage
of hours expended on the principal accountant s engagement to audit the registrant s financial statements for the most recent
fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees. 

Not applicable. 

42 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 

1. 
 The financial statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements at page F-1 are filed as part of this report. 

2. 
 Financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits included or incorporated herein: See index to Exhibits. 

(b) Exhibits 

Incorporated
 by reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Number 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 Filed 
 
 herewith 
 Form 
 Period 
 
 ending 
 Exhibit 
 Filing
 date 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 X 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 X 

32.1 
 Certification Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 X 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused the report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Biocrude Technologies USA, Inc. 

By: 
 /S/ John Moukas, President 

Date: March 29, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/S/ John Moukas 
 
 President, Director, Principal Executive Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 

44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e4429_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, John Moukas, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Biocrude Technologies USA, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in the report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether material or not, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ John Moukas 

John Moukas 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e4429_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, John Moukas, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Biocrude Technologies USA, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly represent in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in the report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d) - 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether material or not, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ John Moukas 

John Moukas 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Dated:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e4429_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge, the Annual Report on Form
10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Biocrude Technologies USA, Inc. (the Company fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in such periodic report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods
presented in such report. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ John Moukas 

John Moukas 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Dated: March 29, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Biocrude Technologies USA, Inc. and will be furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cik1690384-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cik1690384-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cik1690384-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cik1690384-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

