<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1846576_0001628280-23-005575.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>47736638</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1108696</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>39959756</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2881901</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1934779</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1678535</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005575.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228162455
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005575
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		198
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIGS, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001846576
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	APPAREL & OTHER FINISHED PRODS OF FABRICS & SIMILAR MATERIAL [2300]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40448
		FILM NUMBER:		23685863

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2834 COLORADO AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		420-500-8209

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2834 COLORADO AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005575.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 figs-20221231.htm
 10-K

figs-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 
 _______________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 _______________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 _______________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing sale price of the Registrant's Class A Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, outstanding and shares of the Registrant s Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value per share outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 51 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 51 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 53 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 54 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 55 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 67 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 69 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 96 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 96 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 96 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 97 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 98 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 100 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 101 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 101 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 101 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 102 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 104 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1955, as amended. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, forecast, predict, potential, strategy, strive or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include without limitation statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, industry, business and macroeconomic trends, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and macroeconomic pressures, our use of ocean and air freight, our expectation that we may continue to contend with elevated ocean freight expense, air freight rates and global supply chain challenges, our plans for addressing increased inventory on hand, equity compensation, our marketing strategy, competition, market growth and our business strategy, plans and objectives for future operations. 
 The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the important factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and have filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Additionally, we may provide information herein that is not necessarily material under the federal securities laws for SEC reporting purposes, but that is informed by various ESG standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data) and the interest of various stakeholders. Much of this information is subject to assumptions, estimates or third-party information that is still evolving and subject to change. For example, our disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable government policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. 
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 Certain monetary amounts, percentages, and other figures included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been subject to rounding adjustments. Percentage amounts included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have in some cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures. For this reason, percentage amounts in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may vary from those obtained by performing the same calculations using figures included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, the Company and FIGS refer to the operations of FIGS, Inc. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 TRADEMARKS AND TRADENAMES 
 FIGS, the Cross Shield logo, Threads for Threads, FIONtechnology, FIONx, Technical Comfort, Awesome Humans and other registered or common law trade names, trademarks or service marks of FIGS appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of FIGS. This Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain additional trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies that are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. Solely for convenience, trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may appear without the and symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or the right of the applicable licensor, to these trademarks and tradenames. 
 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our Class A common stock. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: 
 Our recent rapid growth may not be sustainable or indicative of future growth, and we expect our growth rate to ultimately slow over time. 
 If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We have not always been profitable and may not be profitable in the future. 
 Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of our brand. 
 If we fail to attract new customers, retain existing customers, or fail to maintain or increase sales to those customers, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects will be harmed. 
 If our marketing efforts are not successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Our business depends on our ability to maintain a strong community of engaged customers and ambassadors, including through the use of social media. We may not be able to maintain and enhance our brand if we experience negative publicity related to our marketing efforts or use of social media, fail to maintain and grow our network of ambassadors or otherwise fail to meet our customers expectations. 
 If we do not continue to successfully develop and introduce new, innovative and updated products, we may not be able to maintain or increase our sales and profitability. 
 The market for healthcare apparel is highly competitive. 
 Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees and our ability to attract and retain highly skilled team members. 
 We plan to expand into additional international markets, which will expose us to new and significant risks. 
 Shipping is a critical part of our business and changes in, or disruptions to, our shipping arrangements have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we experience problems with our distribution and warehouse management systems, our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory, complete sales and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies could be harmed. 
 If we are unable to accurately forecast customer demand, manage our inventory and plan for future expenses, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Consumer confidence, shopping behavior and spending have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by factors beyond our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic impacts, supply chain disruptions, inflation, fear of recession or entry into a recession and geopolitical events, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Our reliance on a limited number of third-party suppliers to provide materials for and produce our products could cause problems in our supply chain and subject us to additional risks. 
 The dual-class structure of our common stock and voting agreement among us and our co-founders, Heather Hasson and Trina Spear, Tulco, LLC and Thomas Tull and certain related persons and trusts have the effect of concentrating voting control with Ms. Hasson, Ms. Spear and Mr. Tull, who together hold the majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock, which may limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors and the approval of any change of control transaction. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 Our quarterly results of operations have from time to time, and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating and financial performance in any given period does not meet the guidance that we have provided to the public or the expectations of our investors and securities analysts, the trading price of our Class A common stock may decline. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to celebrate, empower and serve those who serve others. 
 We are a founder-led, direct-to-consumer healthcare apparel and lifestyle brand that seeks to celebrate, empower and serve current and future generations of healthcare professionals. We are committed to helping this growing, global community of professionals, whom we refer to as Awesome Humans, look, feel and perform at their best 24/7, 365 days a year. We create technically advanced apparel and products that feature an unmatched combination of comfort, durability, function and style, all at an affordable price. In doing so, we have redefined what scrubs are giving rise to our tag-line: why wear scrubs, when you can #wearFIGS? 
 We have revolutionized the large and fragmented healthcare apparel market. We branded a previously unbranded industry and de-commoditized a previously commoditized product elevating scrubs and creating premium products for healthcare professionals. Most importantly, we built a community and lifestyle around a profession. As a result, we have become the industry s category-defining healthcare apparel and lifestyle brand. 
 We sell products purposefully designed to serve the particular needs of healthcare professionals primarily through a convenient direct-to-consumer DTC digital platform, consisting of our website and mobile app. Our offerings include scrubwear and non-scrubwear, such as lab coats, underscrubs, outerwear, loungewear, compression socks, footwear and other lifestyle apparel. We primarily design all of our products in-house, leverage third-party suppliers and manufacturers to produce our product components and finished products, and generally utilize shallow initial buys and data-driven repurchasing decisions to test new products. We directly and actively coordinate and supervise every step of our product development and production process to ensure that our extremely high quality standards are met. We also have a dynamic merchandising model due to the largely non-discretionary, replenishment-driven nature of scrubwear, we maintain lessened inventory risk driven by a relatively high volume of repeat purchases and a focus on our core scrubs offerings. 
 We also use our digital platform to celebrate Awesome Humans in aspirational, creative and unexpected ways, and we leverage social media platforms to listen to, engage with, understand and better serve our community at scale. Our Ambassador Program consists of Awesome Humans from around the world who represent a diverse cross-section of the healthcare industry and help us interact with our community and drive engagement. Our differentiated approach to creating authentic and meaningful relationships with our community has allowed us to build a growing base of approximately 2.3 million active customers as of December 31, 2022 who are passionate about and loyal to our brand. 
 In line with our purpose-driven mission, giving back is ingrained in everything we do at FIGS and has been from the beginning. When we started FIGS, we created an initiative called Threads for Threads to donate scrubs to healthcare professionals who work in resource-poor countries and lack the proper uniforms to do their jobs safely. To date, through Threads for Threads, we have donated hundreds of thousands of FIGS scrubs and other products to healthcare professionals in need around the world. We have also given in a variety of other ways, including through medical giving trips, tuition and student loan repayment grants, financial support to charitable organizations, and a wide range of other partnerships and giving initiatives that support our healthcare community and the communities that they serve every day. We also have developed an advocacy program designed to address some of the biggest challenges, including the need for equitable compensation, access to mental health services, workplace safety, reduced administrative burdens, and training, which are facing healthcare professionals today. In addition to our many other philanthropic efforts, advocacy at FIGS will continue to be an important way in which we support our community of Awesome Humans. 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 Healthcare Apparel Is a Large, Growing and Largely Non-Discretionary Industry. 
 The healthcare apparel market is a fundamentally attractive industry underpinned by its scale, recurring nature and compelling growth outlook. There are approximately 22 million healthcare professionals in the United States, according to the U.S. Census Bureau s 2019 American Community Survey. Furthermore, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, as of September 2022, employment in healthcare occupations in the United States is projected to grow 13 from 2021 to 2031, much faster than the average for all occupations, adding about 2 million new jobs. With an expanding aging 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 population, proliferation of chronic illness, greater access to healthcare in the United States and an increasing focus on health and wellness, the demand for healthcare professionals continues to grow. 
 In 2020, the total addressable market of the healthcare apparel industry was an estimated 12.0 billion in the United States alone and 79.0 billion globally, according to an April 2021 Frost Sullivan study that we commissioned (the Frost Sullivan Study ). Unlike most other categories in the apparel sector, scrubwear, due to its frequent wear as a uniform, is largely non-discretionary, replenishment driven, recession resistant and much less susceptible to fashion or fad risk. Hospitals, medical offices, clinics and laboratories routinely require healthcare professionals such as doctors, nurses and medical technicians to wear scrubs, lab coats and other medical apparel during every shift, and the vast majority of medical professionals purchase their own uniforms. Supported by these key trends, the healthcare apparel industry is expected to demonstrate strong and consistent growth, with the total addressable market in the United States expected to grow by a 6.1 CAGR between 2020 and 2025, from approximately 12.0 billion to approximately 16.0 billion, according to the Frost Sullivan Study. 
 The Industry Has Historically Lacked Innovation. 
 Prior to FIGS, the healthcare apparel industry had operated for over 100 years with little change or innovation. Despite attractive market fundamentals, the industry had been held back, and its consumers underserved, by legacy participants with outdated business models. 
 We believe that key limitations of industry incumbents include: (i) commoditized products that are notoriously ill-fitting, uncomfortable and lacking in design and functionality; (ii) limited non-scrubwear offerings; (iii) brand obscurity and limited brand loyalty resulting from sales under third-party licenses and lack of control over the product; (iv) antiquated distribution through a fragmented network of discount brick-and-mortar medical supply stores and lacking DTC distribution; (v) lack of a direct connection with the end customer; and (vi) structurally challenged margin profiles impacting incumbent manufacturers ability to invest in product innovation, marketing and customer experience. 
 The Industry is Fundamentally Changing. 
 We believe the healthcare apparel sector is positioned for continued strong growth driven by several key industry dynamics. The healthcare apparel industry is growing and we believe has demonstrated resilience across economic cycles, driven by the largely non-discretionary, replenishment-driven nature of scrubwear and the secular growth of the healthcare sector. Consumers continue to embrace the convenience of online and mobile shopping. For healthcare professionals who work long shifts and all hours of the day and night, the convenience of eCommerce is even more necessary. Lastly, consumers are increasingly attracted to, and interested in engaging with, purpose-driven brands using social media channels. 
 What Sets Us Apart 
 We believe that the following competitive strengths have been key drivers of our success to date and strategically position us for continued success. 
 Deeply Passionate, Loyal Community 
 By December 31, 2022, our deeply loyal community consisted of approximately 2.3 million active customers. Our brand awareness is driven largely by word of mouth among healthcare professionals who are passionate about FIGS, and whose passion quickly spreads through hospitals and healthcare institutions, where thousands of healthcare professionals often work in close proximity to one another. In addition, through our digital platform and social media presence, we provide venues for our community to engage with each other on common ground. We are proud that our products and digital platform are connecting healthcare professionals and bridging gaps that previously existed across varying disciplines and experience levels. 
 Authentic, Category-Defining Brand 
 FIGS is the first digitally native lifestyle brand outfitting healthcare professionals. Our brand represents high quality, functional, comfortable and stylish products combined with a seamless digital customer experience. We are purpose-driven with a mission to celebrate, empower and serve those who serve others, and this purpose resonates with our community. We collaborate with other highly regarded brands to further extend our brand reach and enhance our appeal 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 with customers. Through our Ambassador Program, we have formed meaningful relationships with hundreds of Awesome Humans who help us reach millions of healthcare professionals around the world in an intimate, authentic and personalized way. Our strong brand affinity is demonstrated by our high Net Promoter Score NPS of +79 through December 31, 2022. 
 Industry-Leading Product Innovation 
 Our design philosophy is rooted in Technical Comfort the conviction that design, comfort and function are non-negotiable. As such, we deliver innovation across fabric, function, fit and style, all of which is led by comfort and performance. We strive to create the most innovative, functional, comfortable and stylish healthcare apparel in the industry designed to specifically address the needs of healthcare professionals extraordinary people who deserve to look, feel and perform at their best. Our innovative products are designed, sourced and manufactured from the fiber level and our proprietary FIONx fabric technology is made from what we believe to be the best combination of materials, core-spun for maximum durability to withstand the demands of a healthcare professional s work without sacrificing comfort. FIONx technical features include four-way stretch, anti-odor, anti-wrinkle, and moisture-wicking properties. Our scrubs also feature easy-to-access zippered pockets for professional and personal items such as stethoscopes, scissors, smartphones and ID badges. Our non-scrubwear, such as lab coats, underscrubs, outerwear, loungewear, compression socks and footwear, are also specifically designed for the needs and preferences of the healthcare community. 
 Digitally Native Direct-to-Consumer Strategy 
 Our business is powered by a digitally native DTC strategy, which offers significant competitive advantages and enables us to directly engage with and serve healthcare professionals. By owning all aspects of the customer experience, including website and app design, marketing content, storytelling and post-purchase customer engagement, we deliver an elevated, personalized and seamless experience. 
 Our DTC strategy also gives us access to valuable real-time customer data. We leverage our rich customer data set, bolstered by the inherent benefits of our DTC model, to serve our community more effectively and efficiently. We develop proprietary and customized data solutions designed to optimize our product innovation, inventory analytics, marketing efforts and operational efficiency. Our data team works directly with key functional areas of the Company, including apparel design and merchandising, customer acquisition and retention, demand forecasting and inventory optimization. This approach enables us to gather and manage extensive data, and rapidly and directly apply that data to deliver valuable insights that improve our core operating activities and decision-making processes, leading to operational efficiencies throughout our supply chain, inventory management and new product development. Our vast and growing data set also plays a critical role in driving new customer acquisition as well as in our community engagement and customer retention strategy. 
 Dynamic Merchandising and Product Launch Model 
 We have developed a dynamic merchandising strategy, anchored by our recurring, functional offering of 13 core scrubwear styles, which represented over 78 of our net revenues in 2022, and which we offer year-round in six core colors. To complement our scrubwear offering, we also offer non-scrubwear products, which together with our scrubwear, are intentionally designed to be worn as a Layering System from base layer to outer layer. We also launch limited edition colors, limited edition styles or new products almost every week, which not only drive excitement, but also drive our core business by encouraging recurring traffic to our digital platform. We utilize a disciplined buying approach for limited edition products, with generally shallow initial buys and data-driven repurchasing decisions to lower inventory risk, create scarcity and drive recurring demand. As an additional benefit, our product portfolio has resulted in a return rate of approximately 10 in 2021 and 2022, which is far lower than the broader online apparel return rates that tend to be in the 30 to 40 range. 
 Mission-Driven, Founder-Led Culture and Execution 
 Our co-founders, Heather Hasson and Trina Spear, who currently serve as our Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer, respectively, are the visionaries of our company. Each serves a unique role Ms. Spear executes on the Company s strategic vision and operations, and Ms. Hasson focuses on developing product innovation. Together, their shared mission to celebrate, empower and serve those who serve others drives our company culture. We understand that authentically serving humans starts from within, and we are passionate about supporting our community and ensuring that our company reflects the world we want to live in. We are committed to operating responsibly and promoting ethical and 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 sustainable business practices through our sourcing and manufacturing. We prioritize building a diverse, inclusive, equitable and supportive team that is driven by creativity and purposeful innovation. 
 Our Products 
 We approach product design with the healthcare professional in mind. We leverage customer data, customer feedback, focus groups and practitioner testing to provide us with an intimate understanding of how medical professionals move, work and interact with colleagues and patients. Our tight feedback loop through our digital platform and social media channels and our customer experience team enables us to quickly incorporate ideas from our community into our product design. We are constantly challenging ourselves to create the highest quality and most innovative fabrications, styles and product features that meet the unique needs of healthcare professionals. Our apparel is comfortable, durable, functional and stylish, all at an affordable price point. As a result of our efforts, healthcare professionals now have a destination to outfit themselves with products that allow them to look, feel and perform at their best. 
 Healthcare professionals change environments frequently and need comfortable high-quality products that help them do their jobs in every situation they face. That s why we approach our products as a complete layering system the FIGS Layering System which includes what healthcare professionals wear under their scrubs (such as underscrubs, sports bras and leggings), the scrubs themselves, and what they wear over their scrubs (such as vests, jackets and fleeces). 
 There are two primary categories within the FIGS Layering System: scrubwear and non-scrubwear: 
 Scrubwear. We redefined scrubs, engineering them for function and taking cues from performance sports apparel, to create exceptionally comfortable and technical products to help healthcare professionals look good, feel good and perform at their best. Within the scrubwear category, we have 13 core styles that are available on our digital platform year-round. These core scrubwear styles consist of three women s scrub tops, four women s scrub pants, two men s scrub tops and four men s scrub pants. We offer these core styles in six core colors and in limited edition colors. Additionally, we frequently launch limited edition scrubwear styles in both core and limited edition colors. 
 Non-Scrubwear. Our non-scrubwear products are intentionally designed as an integrated system that complements our scrubwear, and are comprised of base layer and outer layer products. Base layer products are those designed to be worn under scrubs and include compression socks and underscrubs. Our underscrubs include sports bras, performance leggings and tops and super-soft pima cotton tops. Outer layer products include footwear, lab coats, and a variety of vests and jackets. Our non-scrubwear product offerings also include our FIGSPRO offerings, which is our polished and performance-driven, office-ready collection. We also partner with New Balance to design and offer shoes that provide greater slip-resistance, cushion and moisture-repellent qualities that our healthcare professionals need. We also offer necessities such as face masks, scrub caps, lanyards, badge reels, tote bags, baseball caps and beanies. 
 Our Community of Awesome Humans 
 We strive to celebrate, empower and serve healthcare professionals across all levels of experience and areas of expertise. While there is considerable diversity in demographics and income levels within the healthcare sector, we attract a diverse range of healthcare professionals by having a differentiated brand and offering premium products at an affordable price point. 
 Our customers include a wide range of experience levels and areas of expertise, including registered nurses, nurse practitioners, orthodontists, dental hygienists, pharmacists, physical therapists, occupational therapists, veterinarians, sales representatives, estheticians, speech pathologists, emergency medical technicians, surgeons and healthcare administrators, among others. Due to the high proportion of our customer mix that is comprised of students and young professionals whose earnings will grow over the course of their careers, we believe we are well positioned to retain and increase engagement of these customers, expanding our share of their uniform and lifestyle wardrobe over time. 
 Our Marketing Strategy 
 We create differentiated brand marketing content and utilize performance marketing to drive customers from awareness to consideration to conversion. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Brand Marketing 
 We attract and retain customers in large part through our unique ability to engage with our community, which we do across multiple channels, including marketing campaigns, social media and our Ambassador Program. 
 Marketing campaigns. Most of our creative assets are created in-house, allowing us to launch campaigns at an accelerated pace to celebrate the products we bring to market and the people who will wear them. We launch fully integrated marketing campaigns that feature Awesome Humans in larger-than-life scenarios, bringing the people, their profession and our brand to life. We also launch campaigns highlighting our product innovation and the story behind FIGS. Campaigns are launched through a holistic, multi-media strategy, where hero messaging and imagery are woven through every platform, including email, digital, display, site, direct-mail, commercials, social media and ambassadors. We believe our campaigns and inspiring messaging contribute to high brand affinity among our community. 
 Social Media. We were the first healthcare apparel company to have a significant presence on social media. We use social media to foster a dialogue with our community and grow an enthusiastic, highly engaged fan base. Today, we have over 820,000 followers on Instagram, which is over twice the number of followers of our nearest competitor. We are proud of our robust following and above-average engagement rate. Social media is the primary place for our community to congregate, share stories, follow product launches and interact with our brand, and in turn, our community shares feedback that informs our product and content decisions. We strive to create content that has value and purpose whether to amplify a cause, make people laugh, or to celebrate and educate about our product and social media is where our creativity and deep connection to our community meet. 
 Our Ambassador Program. FIGS is the first company to have brand ambassadors in the healthcare apparel industry, providing a platform for healthcare professionals to tell their stories. Our Ambassador Program consists of Awesome Humans from around the world, representing a diverse array of specialties and levels of experience across various professions and geographies. We have formed deep and meaningful relationships with our ambassadors and their loyalty, love and involvement with our brand fosters organic sharing, storytelling and intimate connections with the millions of healthcare professionals in our community. Our Ambassador Program is a microcosm of our FIGS community they are invaluable to us, they inspire and inform everything we do, and we would not be where we are today without them. 
 Performance Marketing 
 Our performance marketing aims to offer the right products to the right healthcare professionals at the right times. Our sophisticated performance marketing efforts include retargeting, paid search and product listing advertisements, paid social media advertisements, search engine optimization, personalized email and mobile push notifications through our app. When combined with our community-driven brand marketing, our performance marketing supports attractive customer acquisition and retention metrics. Because we can pinpoint specifically who our customers are and where they live and work, we are able to target them with greater efficiency and less expense than other companies whose customers come from a much less defined group. 
 Our TEAMS Business 
 We have built a differentiated B2B custom platform, known as TEAMS, to revolutionize, consumerize and elevate what had previously been an outdated buying process for institutional customers. Through TEAMS, healthcare administrators and institutions can seamlessly and efficiently solicit individual orders and buy FIGS products for their organizations. Our TEAMS business is centered around partnering with institutional departments and medical offices that wish to standardize and professionalize their organizations uniforms. 
 Our Data Analytics 
 Data is an essential and embedded capability throughout our organization. Our data team works directly with key functional areas of the Company. This approach enables the harvesting and management of extensive data, the development of a suite of proprietary tools, and the direct and rapid application of those data and tools to improve core operating activities and decision-making processes throughout the Company. 
 The scale of our data is vast and growing. Our rich data set is blended from first-party, deterministic and observed behaviors, a complementary, expanded set of enriched elements and hundreds of data attributes associated with millions of customers. In addition, we have established a unique approach to capturing granular data from all stages of the order 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 journey. These data sets are used to build proprietary data science solutions applied to key functions across the company, including product development, supply chain, merchandising and inventory management, and marketing. 
 Our Technology 
 In addition to our use of data analytics, we internally develop custom, proprietary technology solutions where doing so would be a true differentiator and core to the unique needs of our community, and we otherwise leverage best-of-breed, third-party components and software to help build out our platform capabilities. Consistent with this philosophy, we created our own headless digital platform, which is a fully customized front-end architecture that allows our community of healthcare professionals to experience features and functionality that are specifically tailored to their needs. We then combine that customized presentation layer with the backend engine from Shopify, which is a proven and industry-leading e-commerce solution. We have also developed a customized iOS app to drive more meaningful engagement with our healthcare community. The features of our app extend beyond enhancing the purchase experience, enabling us to connect more deeply with our healthcare community through relevant, educational content, personalization and wellness support. By pairing our own in-house technology with cloud software, we have been able to create a truly differentiated user experience that we can adjust as necessary while also leveraging engineering talent from some of the best SAAS companies in the world to scale rapidly and efficiently. 
 Our Supply Chain 
 We have built a supply chain that is optimized for our business and through which we control the design, development and fulfillment of our products. 
 Manufacturing 
 We have a diversified and flexible supply chain that leverages third-party suppliers and manufacturers to produce our product components and finished products. We directly and actively coordinate and supervise every step of our product development and production process. The extent to which we manage production is differentiated from the typical model of primarily relying on third-party agents to manage production. We believe our approach has enabled us to produce premium products through greater control of the end-to-end production process. 
 Our in-house innovation and design team works closely with our suppliers to develop the materials for our products that meet our exact specifications for comfort, stretch, durability, functionality and performance. In 2022, approximately 85 of our production utilized our main scrubwear fabric technology FIONx, which enables us to achieve consistency and scale. Our in-house production team selects our fabric and trim suppliers, directly manages the relationships between these suppliers and our finished product manufacturers, and drives our production allocation strategy and production schedules. 
 The 13 core scrubwear styles that we produce year-round represented over 78 of our net revenues in 2022. Similar to our core FIONx fabric, the continuous production of our core scrubwear styles provides us with consistency and scale in our production. We manage a diversified supply chain, which spanned 9 countries and consisted of approximately 34 global production partners as of December 31, 2022. 
 As a company devoted to the needs of healthcare professionals, quality is critically important to us. We have our own in-house quality control team and also independent third-party quality controllers that each conduct detailed quality control checks on our fabric, trims and finished products to ensure that our extremely high quality standards are met. We maintain stringent Acceptable Quality Limit standards, which define the level of quality required to pass our inspection processes. 
 We purchase our finished product from our manufacturers on a purchase order basis and do not have any long-term agreements requiring us to use any supplier or manufacturer. We generally have long-standing relationships with our vendors, which are strengthened by the consistency and longevity of our core fabric and core style profile. We also source new suppliers and manufacturers to support our ongoing innovation and growth, particularly in our non-scrubwear categories. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Ethical Practices 
 We contractually commit all of our direct suppliers and manufacturers Tier I Suppliers to certain ethical requirements to help ensure they share our standards for quality of manufacturing, ethical working conditions and social and environmental sustainability practices. Our Tier I Suppliers are contractually required to adhere to the provisions of our Vendor Manual, through which they commit to providing working conditions that meet or exceed the labor standards established by the United Nations, local labor laws and the standards established by the Fair Labor Association. As part of our quality assurance procedures, FIGS team members visit all Tier I Suppliers on average two times each month, and they visit our Tier I Suppliers direct suppliers Tier II Suppliers ), to the extent nominated by FIGS, on average one time each month, to review their operations and our quality requirements. Further, pursuant to our Vendor Manual, our Tier I Suppliers are contractually required to hold Tier II Suppliers to substantially the same standards to which we hold our Tier I Suppliers, regardless of whether such Tier II suppliers are subject to our monthly reviews. 
 In line with our values, and in addition to having deep long-standing partnerships with our Tier I Suppliers, we also require all of our Tier I Suppliers to be certified through the Worldwide Responsible Accredited Production WRAP program, which is an organization focused on promoting safe, lawful, humane and ethical manufacturing. Through their commitment to adhere to our Vendor Manual, all of our Tier I Suppliers are contractually required to commit to upholding these standards. As part of our Tier I Suppliers required certification with WRAP, they commit to regular audits by WRAP directly to promote their compliance with WRAP s 12 Principles, which are: (1) compliance with laws and workplace regulations, (2) prohibition of forced labor, (3) prohibition of child labor, (4) prohibition of harassment and abuse, (5) compensation and benefits, (6) hours of work, (7) prohibition of discrimination, (8) health and safety, (9) freedom of association and collective bargaining, (10) environment, (11) customs compliance and (12) security. 
 WRAP awards Gold certifications to facilities that demonstrate full compliance with WRAP s 12 principles, and WRAP awards Platinum certifications to facilities that have demonstrated full compliance with WRAP s 12 principles for three consecutive certification audits. Platinum facilities are required to successfully pass every WRAP audit with no corrective actions or observations and maintain continuous certification without gaps. All FIGS Tier I Suppliers must have a Gold or Platinum certification in order to continue to work with us, and we have a contractual right to terminate, without a cure period, our relationship with any Tier I Supplier who fails to meet our ethical standards. 
 Warehouse and Embroidery 
 We distribute our products from our fulfillment center located in City of Industry, California, where we have created an innovative warehouse-within-a-warehouse model at our third-party logistics provider s site. Within this space, we also operate a technology-enabled embroidery workshop, through which we offer text and logo embroidery on scrub tops, lab coats and outerwear, enabling our healthcare professionals to tell the world who they are and what they do. Our embroidery workshop is fully staffed by FIGS embroidery team members who complete the application and quality control of our embroidery product. We also rely on several additional third-party storage locations in Southern California to house inventory and we regularly evaluate our distribution infrastructure and capacity to ensure that we are able to meet our anticipated needs and support our continued growth. 
 Our People and Human Capital 
 Our company culture mirrors our mission to celebrate, empower and serve those who serve others. We understand that authentically serving humans starts from within, and we are passionate about supporting our community and enabling our company to reflect the world we want to live in. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 313 team members in the United States across our Santa Monica, California headquarters, our City of Industry, California fulfillment center location and remote locations. As of December 31, 2022, 93 of our employees were permanent employees. Additionally, we rely on independent contractors and temporary personnel to supplement our workforce from time to time. None of our employees is represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our workforce predominantly remains in a hybrid work environment, and we have provided resources to enable employees to effectively manage remote work, such as web conferencing and project collaboration solutions and equipment and supplies for at-home offices. We expect headcount growth to continue for the foreseeable future, particularly as we continue to focus on recruiting employees to continue to bolster functions across the Company, including design, innovation, engineering and functions related to our operations as a publicly traded company, as well as other functions, to support our expected growth. We pride ourselves on hiring team members who not only have 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 the skills required to perform their respective roles, but also share in the mission to celebrate, empower and serve those who serve others. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We prioritize building a diverse, inclusive, equitable and empowered team representing a mix of gender, racial and ethnic backgrounds, industries, and levels of experience, and utilize dedicated technology from a leading third-party provider to drive inclusive hiring at every level. We also continuously assess our hiring process to identify areas for development and to improve our inclusive hiring strategies. We are deeply committed to creating a diverse and inclusive team through new sourcing methods, reducing unconscious bias across the recruitment life cycle and promoting fair and consistent hiring practices. 
 Our hiring methods currently include (1) utilizing special tools to review all communications to candidates to facilitate the use of inclusive language and (2) leveraging a bias scanner within our applicant tracking system to hide pictures or mask other elements that could introduce bias into the hiring process. We are also in the process of elevating our talent acquisition curriculum to include broader interview training on diversity and inclusion best practices. 
 Based on data collected in January 2023, we are proud that: 
 38 of our board of directors identified as women and 25 identified as members of underrepresented racial or ethnic groups; 
 approximately 70 of our leadership team identified as women, 30 identified as men and 30 identified as members of underrepresented racial or ethnic groups; and 
 approximately 66 of our total workforce identified as women, 31 identified as men, 1 identified as non-binary, 1 identified as agender and 58 identified as members of underrepresented racial or ethnic groups. 
 We are also proud that in 2022 approximately: 
 60 of our employee applicants identified as members of underrepresented racial or ethnic groups; and 
 52 of our newly hired employees identified as members of underrepresented racial or ethnic groups. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We aim to offer highly competitive compensation and benefits designed to enable us to attract, retain and motivate exceptional talent. Our 2021 equity incentive award plan additionally provides for grants of equity awards to employees. We are proud that we grant all new hires equity as part of their total compensation package, which we believe fosters a stronger sense of ownership and aligns our employees interests with the interests and growth of the Company. 
 In addition to base compensation and awards granted pursuant to our equity incentive plan, we offer numerous benefits, including a 401(k) plan with matching, health (medical, dental and vision) insurance, life insurance, paid time off, paid parental leave, a referral bonus program and company-sponsored short term and long term disability. To drive further engagement and individual ownership of the Company, we also maintain an employee stock purchase plan, which provides eligible employees an opportunity to purchase additional FIGS stock at a discounted price. 
 Culture and Perks 
 We believe that to be successful, each of our employees must feel empowered to show up as their true authentic selves. As we continue to grow, we are proactive in enabling every single person at FIGS to have a platform to be seen, heard and celebrated. To accomplish this goal, we are intensely focused on our culture, team-building initiatives and well-being. Our employee-led Culture Committee strives to foster an empowering, supportive and healthy experience for all FIGS employees and helps enable all FIGS voices to be represented and heard, by routinely organizing Company-wide events and initiatives focused on diversity and inclusion. Our Culture Committee programming also provides a way for our employees to give back to the community, driving connections and making an impact on a wide variety of organizations in need. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Safety 
 We are committed to the health and safety of our employees. The core elements of our employee health and safety strategy are risk analysis, incident management and training, including for our team members at our fulfillment center, and we ensure that our third-party logistics provider, which operates our fulfillment center, maintains robust safety practices as well. We also maintain a whistleblower hotline through which employees can report health and safety risks, among other concerns. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we also continued to implement safety protocols to protect our employees when working on-site, including protocols regarding social distancing and face coverings, temperature checks and testing. 
 Competition 
 Competition in the healthcare apparel industry is principally on the basis of product quality, innovation, style, price, brand image, distribution model, as well as customer experience and service. The healthcare apparel industry includes established companies as well as new entrants. We compete against wholesalers of healthcare apparel, such as Careismatic Brands, Barco Uniforms, Landau Uniforms and Superior Group of Companies. Additionally, we compete with healthcare apparel aggregated retailers, such as Scrubs Beyond and Uniform Advantage, as well as DTC brands such as Jaanuu and Mandala. We also may face competition from large, diversified apparel brands with name recognition and well-established sales, manufacturing and distribution infrastructure that choose to expand into the production and marketing of healthcare apparel. One such brand, Fabletics, has recently done so. 
 We believe we have competitive advantages from our technical product innovation, our focus on empowering the community of healthcare professionals, and our high quality brand image. In addition, we believe our digitally native DTC distribution strategy differentiates us from the industry incumbents and allows us to establish personal customer relationships and more effectively support healthcare professionals. Furthermore, while we also compete against other DTC companies, we believe the greater relative scale of our business provides us with a competitive advantage. We are also differentiated by our commitment to community-based marketing that increases brand awareness and strengthens customer loyalty. 
 Government Regulation 
 In the United States and the other jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to labor and employment laws, laws governing advertising, environmental, health, and safety EHS regulations, product labeling regulations, product safety regulations and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that apply to the promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of fulfillment centers and privacy, data security and data protection laws and regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 GDPR ), the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation, (together UK GDPR ), the ePrivacy Directive and national implementing and supplementing laws in the European Economic Area and relevant legislation in the UK. Our products sold outside of the United States may be subject to tariffs, treaties and various trade agreements, as well as laws affecting the importation of consumer goods. 
 We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. While compliance with these laws and regulations often requires the dedication of time and effort of employees, as well as financial resources, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compliance with these laws and regulations, including any applicable environmental regulations, has not had, and in any material subsequent period is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position. 
 Intellectual Property 
 To establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of trademark, patent, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as contractual restrictions in license agreements, confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements and other contracts. Our intellectual property is an important component of our business, and we believe that our know-how and continuing innovation are important to developing and maintaining our competitive position. We also believe having distinctive marks that are readily identifiable on our products is an important factor in continuing to build our brand and distinguish our products. We consider the FIGS name and Cross Shield Logo trademarks to be among our most valuable intellectual property assets. In addition, we have applied to register or have registered the trademarks for several of our fabrics and product names, and have also sought and/or obtained trademark registrations for several of our taglines. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 11 U.S. trademark registrations, had 18 pending U.S. trademark applications, owned 81 foreign trademark registrations and had 72 pending foreign trademark applications. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 12 granted U.S. design patents, eight pending U.S. design patent applications, 62 granted foreign design registrations and 28 pending foreign design applications, which relate to our core scrubwear and other apparel designs. The term of protection for design patents and design registrations is limited in duration and depends on the jurisdiction in which they are granted. The terms for our issued design patents in the U.S. extend 15 years from the date of patent grant. 
 If the foreign design registrations issued to us for our core scrubwear and apparel are maintained until the end of their terms, they are expected to expire in the years ranging between 2030 and 2047, at which point we intend to renew them, to the extent they are renewable. Some of our issued U.S. design patents will expire in 2036, while others will expire in 2037. We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. 
 Seasonality 
 For information regarding the seasonality of our business, please refer to Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Corporate and Available Information 
 We were formed in 2013 as FIGS, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at 2834 Colorado Avenue, Suite 100, Santa Monica, California 90404 and our telephone number is (424) 300-8330. Our website address is www.wearfigs.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available, free of charge, on our Investor Relations website at https://ir.wearfigs.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, and other information regarding us and other companies that file materials with the SEC electronically. Investors in the Company and others should note that we disseminate material information to the public about the Company, products and services and other matters through various channels, including the Investor Relations portion of our website (ir.wearfigs.com), Company blog, press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the public. The Company encourages its investors and others to review the information it makes public on the Investor Relations portion of its website, however such information is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our business involves significant risks. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. The realization of any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, growth and future prospects as well as our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 Our recent rapid growth may not be sustainable or indicative of future growth, and we expect our growth rate to ultimately slow over time. 
 Our historical rate of growth may not be sustainable or indicative of our future rate of growth, and in future periods, our net revenues could grow more slowly than we expect or decline. We believe that continued growth in net revenues, as well as our ability to improve or maintain margins and profitability, will depend upon, among other factors, our ability to address the challenges, risks and difficulties described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully manage any such challenges or risks to our future growth. Any of these factors could cause our net revenues growth to slow or decline and may adversely affect our margins and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 profitability. Even if our net revenues continue to increase, we expect that our growth rate could be negatively impacted due to a number of other reasons, including if there is a slowdown in the growth of demand for our products, increased competition, a decrease in the growth or reduction in the size of our overall market or if we cannot capitalize on growth opportunities. Failure to continue to grow our net revenues or improve or maintain margins would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should not rely on our historical rate of growth as an indication of our future performance. 
 If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 To manage our growth effectively, we must continue to implement our operational plans and strategies, improve and expand our infrastructure of people and information systems and expand, train and manage our employee base. We face significant competition for personnel, including in Southern California, where our headquarters is located. To attract top talent, we may need to increase our employee compensation levels to remain competitive in attracting and retaining talented employees. In addition, we could be required to continue to expand our sales and marketing, product development and distribution functions, to upgrade our management information systems and other processes and technology and to obtain more space for our expanding workforce. Additionally, the growth of our business places significant demands on our existing management and other employees. Failure to manage our employee base and hiring needs effectively, including successfully integrating our new hires, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we are required to manage relationships with a growing number of customers, suppliers, manufacturers, distributors and other third parties. If we are unable to expand supply, manufacturing and distribution capabilities when required, or our information technology systems and our other processes are inadequate to support the future growth of these relationships, we could experience delays in customer service and order response and shipping times, which would adversely impact our reputation and brand. If we are unable to manage the growth of our organization effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We have not always been profitable and may not be profitable in the future. 
 We have not always been profitable. We expect our operating expenses to increase in the future as we increase our sales and marketing efforts, continue to invest in developing new products, hire additional personnel, expand our operating infrastructure and expand into new geographies. Further, as a public company, we incur additional legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. Additionally, stock-based compensation expense related to equity awards has been and may from time to time be a significant expense in future periods, which impacts our net income. These efforts and additional expenses may be more costly than we expect, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase our net revenues to offset our increased operating expenses. Our net revenues growth may slow for a number of other reasons, including if we experience reduced demand for our products, increased competition, a decrease in the growth or reduction in the size of our overall market or if we cannot capitalize on growth opportunities. If our net revenues do not grow at a greater rate than our operating expenses, we will not be able to maintain the level of profitability that we have achieved. 
 Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of our brand. 
 The FIGS brand is integral to our business strategy and our ability to attract and engage customers. Maintaining, promoting and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and branding efforts and our ability to provide a consistent, high quality product and customer experience. Our brand may suffer if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image were to be tarnished by negative publicity about us, including our products, technology, customer service, personnel, marketing efforts, ambassadors or suppliers. Even isolated incidents involving our company, suppliers, agents or third-party service providers, or the products we sell, could erode the trust and confidence of our customers and damage the strength of our brand, especially if such incidents result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations, product recalls or litigation. 
 In addition, the importance of our brand may increase to the extent we experience increased competition, which could require additional expenditures on our brand promotion activities. Maintaining and enhancing our brand image also may require us to make additional investments in areas such as merchandising, marketing and online operations. These investments may be substantial and may not ultimately be successful. Moreover, if we are unsuccessful in protecting our intellectual property rights in our brand, the value of our brand may be harmed. Any harm to our brand and reputation 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 could adversely affect our ability to attract and engage customers and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to attract new customers, retain existing customers, or fail to maintain or increase sales to those customers, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects will be harmed. 
 Our success depends in large part upon widespread adoption of our products by healthcare professionals. In order to attract new customers and continue to expand our customer base, we must appeal to and attract healthcare professionals who identify with our products. If the number of healthcare professionals who are willing to purchase our products does not continue to increase, if we fail to deliver a high quality shopping experience or if our current or potential future customers are not convinced that our products are superior to alternatives, then our ability to retain existing customers, acquire new customers and grow our business may be harmed. We have made significant investments in enhancing our brand and attracting new customers, and we expect to continue to make significant investments to promote our products, including marketing campaigns that can be expensive and may not always result in new customers or increased sales of our products. These factors, in turn, have from time to time increased and may again increase our customer acquisition costs over time. Further, as our brand becomes more widely known, we may not attract new customers or increase our net revenues at the same rates as we have in the past. If we are unable to acquire new customers who purchase products in numbers sufficient to grow our business, we may not be able to generate the scale necessary to drive beneficial network effects with our suppliers, our net revenues may decrease, and our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, our future success depends in part on our ability to increase sales to our existing customers over time, as a significant portion of our net revenues are generated from sales to existing customers, particularly those existing customers who are highly engaged and make frequent and/or large purchases of the products we offer. If existing customers no longer find our products appealing, are not satisfied with our customer service, including shipping times, or if we are unable to timely update our products to meet current trends and customer demands, our existing customers may not make purchases, or if they do, they may make fewer or smaller purchases in the future. 
 If we are unable to continue to attract new customers or our existing customers decrease their spending on the products we offer or fail to make repeat purchases of our products, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects will be harmed. 
 If our marketing efforts are not successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We create differentiated brand marketing content and utilize performance marketing to drive customers from awareness to consideration to conversion, and promoting awareness of our brand and products is important to our ability to grow our business, drive customer engagement and attract new customers. Our marketing strategy includes brand marketing campaigns across platforms, including email, digital, display, site, direct-mail, commercials, social media, out-of-home campaigns and ambassadors, as well as performance marketing efforts, including retargeting, paid search and product listing advertisements, paid social media advertisements, search engine optimization, personalized email and mobile push notifications through our mobile app. 
 We have historically also benefited from social media, customer referrals and word of mouth to advertise our brand. Social networks are important as a source of new customers and as a means by which to connect with existing customers, and such importance may be increasing. In addition, we have implemented grassroots marketing efforts such as engaging with local doctors, nurses and other healthcare professionals, some of whom we refer to as our ambassadors, to assist us by introducing our brand and culture to their communities. Our social media and grassroots efforts must be tailored to each particular market, which requires substantial efforts as we enter new markets, as well as ongoing attention and resources. We also seek to engage with our customers and build awareness of our brands through sponsoring unique events and experiences. If our marketing efforts and messaging are not appropriately tailored to and accepted by the healthcare community, we may fail to attract customers and our brand and reputation may be harmed. Our future growth and profitability and the success of our brand will depend in part upon the effectiveness and efficiency of these marketing efforts. 
 We also receive a significant amount of visits to our digital platform via social media or other channels used by our existing and prospective customers. As eCommerce and social media continue to rapidly evolve, we must continue to establish relationships with these channels and may be unable to develop or maintain these relationships on acceptable terms. In addition, we currently receive a significant number of visits to our website and mobile app via search engine 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 results. Search engines frequently change the algorithms that determine the ranking and display of results of a user s search, which could reduce the number of visits to our website, in turn reducing new customer acquisition and adversely affecting our results of operations. If we are unable to cost-effectively drive traffic to our digital platform, our ability to acquire new customers and our financial condition would suffer. Email marketing efforts are also important to our marketing efforts. If we are unable to successfully deliver emails to our customers or if our customers do not engage with our emails, whether out of choice, because those emails are marked as low priority or spam or for other reasons, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 We also have and may in the future adjust our marketing activity and spend from period to period or within a period as we launch new campaigns or offerings, or for other reasons. Because of these adjustments and because marketing initiatives may become increasingly expensive, generating a meaningful return on those initiatives may be difficult or unpredictable. Moreover, even if we successfully increase net revenues as a result of our marketing efforts, it may not offset the additional marketing expenses we incur. 
 If our marketing efforts are not successful in promoting awareness of our products, driving customer engagement or attracting new customers, or if we are not able to cost-effectively manage our marketing expenses, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends on our ability to maintain a strong community of engaged customers and ambassadors, including through the use of social media. We may not be able to maintain and enhance our brand if we experience negative publicity related to our marketing efforts or use of social media, fail to maintain and grow our network of ambassadors or otherwise fail to meet our customers expectations. 
 We partner with ambassadors to help raise awareness of our brand and engage with our community. Our ability to maintain relationships with our existing ambassadors and to identify new ambassadors is critical to expanding and maintaining our customer base. As our market becomes increasingly competitive or as we expand internationally, recruiting and maintaining new ambassadors may become increasingly difficult. If we are not able to develop and maintain strong relationships with our ambassador network, our ability to promote and maintain awareness of our brand may be adversely affected. Further, if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We and our ambassadors use third-party social media platforms to raise awareness of our brand and engage with our community. As existing social media platforms evolve and new platforms develop, we and our ambassadors must continue to maintain a presence on these platforms and establish presences on emerging popular social media platforms. If we are unable to cost-effectively use social media platforms as marketing tools, our ability to acquire new customers and our financial condition may suffer. Furthermore, as laws and regulations governing the use of these platforms evolve, any failure by us, our ambassadors, our sponsors or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these platforms could subject us to regulatory investigations, class action lawsuits, liability, fines or other penalties and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, an increase in the use of social media for product promotion and marketing may cause an increase in the burden on us to monitor compliance of such materials, and increase the risk that such materials could contain problematic product or marketing claims in violation of applicable regulations. For example, in some cases, the Federal Trade Commission has sought enforcement action where an endorsement has failed to clearly and conspicuously disclose a financial relationship or material connection between an influencer and an advertiser. 
 Our ambassadors could engage in behavior or use their platforms in a manner that reflects poorly on our brand or is in violation of applicable regulations or platform terms of service, and may be attributed to us. Negative commentary regarding us, our products or ambassadors and other third parties who are affiliated with us, whether accurate or not, may be posted on social media platforms at any time and may adversely affect our reputation, brand and business. The harm may be immediate, without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, customer complaints or negative publicity related to our website, mobile app, products, product delivery times, customer data handling, marketing efforts, security practices or customer support, especially on blogs and social media websites, could diminish customer loyalty and community engagement. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 If we do not continue to successfully develop and introduce new, innovative and updated products, we may not be able to maintain or increase our sales and profitability. 
 We are an apparel and lifestyle brand for healthcare professionals. As a result, our success depends in part on our ability to create apparel for healthcare professionals, as well as to anticipate and react to changing customer demands in a timely manner. All of our products are subject to changing customer preferences that cannot be predicted with certainty. If we do not continue to introduce new products or innovations on existing products in a timely manner or our new products or innovations are not accepted by our customers, or if our competitors introduce similar products in a more timely fashion, our brand or our position as a leader in healthcare apparel could be harmed. 
 Further, our new products and innovations on existing and future products may not receive the same level of customer acceptance as our products have in the past. Customer preferences could change, especially as we expand our product offerings beyond our core scrubwear, and our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes. Our failure to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing customer preferences could lead to, among other things, lower sales, excess inventory or inventory shortages, markdowns and write-offs and diminished brand loyalty. Even if we are successful in anticipating customer needs and preferences, our ability to adequately address those needs and preferences will in part depend upon our continued ability to develop and introduce innovative, high quality products and designs and maintain our distinctive brand identity as we expand the range of products we offer. A failure to effectively introduce new products or innovations on existing products that appeal to our customers could result in a decrease in net revenues and excess inventory levels, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The market for healthcare apparel is highly competitive. 
 We compete in the healthcare apparel industry, principally on the basis of product quality, innovation, style, price, brand image, distribution model, as well as customer experience and service. The industry is highly competitive and includes established companies as well as new entrants. Some of our competitors also have longer operating histories, larger market share and greater resources than we do. 
 We compete against wholesalers of healthcare apparel, such as Careismatic Brands, Barco Uniforms, Landau Uniforms and Superior Group of Companies. Additionally, we compete with healthcare apparel specialty retailers, such as Scrubs Beyond and Uniform Advantage as well as digitally native brands such as Jaanuu and Mandala. We also currently and in the future may continue to face competition from large, diversified apparel brands with name recognition and well-established sales, manufacturing and distribution infrastructure that choose to expand into the production and marketing of healthcare apparel. One such brand, Fabletics, has recently done so. 
 Our competitors may be able to achieve and maintain market share more quickly and effectively than we can. Similarly, if customers perceive the products offered by our competitors to be of higher quality than ours, or our competitors offer similar products at lower prices, our revenues may decline, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Many of our potential competitors promote their brands primarily through traditional forms of advertising, such as print media, and have substantial resources to devote to such efforts. Our competitors may also use traditional forms of advertising more quickly in new markets than we can. While we believe that our direct-to-consumer business model offers us competitive advantages, our competitors may also be able to increase sales in their new and existing markets faster than we do by emphasizing different distribution channels than we do, such as wholesale and an extensive franchise network of retail stores, and many of our competitors have substantial resources to devote toward increasing sales in such ways. Competition may result in pricing pressures, reduced profit margins or lost market share or a failure to grow our market share, any of which could substantially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees and our ability to attract and retain highly skilled team members. 
 We are dependent on our ability to continue to identify, attract, develop and retain qualified and highly skilled team members. In particular, we are highly dependent on the services of our co-founders, Heather Hasson and Trina Spear, who serve as our Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer, respectively, and who are critical to the development of our business, future vision and strategic direction. We also heavily rely on the continued service and performance of other members of our senior management team. If the senior management team, including any new hires that we make, fails to 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed. 
 Additionally, the loss of any key team members could make it more difficult to manage our operations research, development, production and marketing activities, reduce our employee retention and net revenues and impair our ability to compete. Although we have entered into employment agreements with certain key team members, these agreements have no specific duration and constitute at-will employment. We have not obtained key man life insurance policies on any of our senior management team. As a result, we would have no way to cover the financial loss if we were to lose the services of members of our senior management team. 
 Competition for highly skilled team members is often intense, especially in Southern California, where our headquarters is located. We may not be successful in attracting or retaining qualified team members to fulfill our current or future needs. We may experience difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. Failure to manage our employee base and hiring needs effectively, including successfully integrating our new hires, or to retain and motivate our current team members may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we cannot maintain our culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork and passion that we believe contribute to our success and our business may be harmed. 
 We believe that a critical component of our success has been our corporate culture. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our culture, which is rooted in passion, purpose and innovation. As we continue to grow, including geographically expanding our presence outside of our headquarters in Santa Monica, California, and developing the infrastructure associated with being a public company, we will need to continue to maintain our culture among a larger number of employees, dispersed across various geographic regions. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. 
 We plan to expand into additional international markets, which will expose us to new and significant risks. 
 Our current operations and customer base are based largely in the United States, and our future growth depends in part on our ongoing expansion efforts outside of the United States. While we have shipping capabilities to Australia, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Italy, New Zealand, the Netherlands, Spain, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom, we have a limited number of customers and experience operating outside of the United States. We also have limited experience with regulatory environments and market practices outside of the United States and cannot guarantee that we will be able to penetrate or successfully operate in any market outside of the United States. In connection with our expansion efforts, we may encounter obstacles we do not face in the United States, including cultural and linguistic differences, differences in regulatory environments and market practices, difficulties in keeping abreast of market, business and technical developments and foreign customers tastes and preferences. 
 We may also encounter difficulty expanding into new markets because of limited brand recognition in those markets, leading to delayed acceptance of our apparel by customers there. In particular, we have no assurance that our marketing efforts will prove successful outside of the narrow geographic regions in which they have been used in the United States. The expansion into new markets may also present competitive, merchandising, forecasting and distribution challenges that are different from or more severe than those we currently face. There are also other risks and costs inherent in doing business in international markets, including: 
 the need to adapt and localize products for specific countries to account for, among other things, different cultural tastes, size and fit preferences or regulatory requirements; 
 difficulty establishing and managing international operations and the increased operations, travel, infrastructure, including establishment of local delivery service and customer service operations, and legal compliance costs associated with locations in different countries or regions; 
 increased shipping times to and from international markets; 
 the need to vary pricing and margins to effectively compete in international markets; 
 increased competition from local providers of similar products; 
 the ability to protect and enforce intellectual property rights abroad; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 the need to offer customer support in various languages; 
 difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations and customs in other jurisdictions; 
 compliance with anti-bribery laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the U.K. Bribery Act ), by us, our employees and our business partners; 
 complexity and other risks associated with current and future legal requirements in other countries, including legal requirements related to medical apparel, customer advertising protection, customer product safety and data privacy and security frameworks, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the GDPR and the UK GDPR; 
 the potential need to utilize new suppliers or comply with additional regulations regarding our suppliers, supply chain or value chain; 
 varying business practices and customs related to the sale of medical apparel; 
 varying levels of internet technology adoption and infrastructure, and increased or varying network and hosting service provider costs; 
 tariffs and other non-tariff barriers, such as quotas and local content rules, as well as tax consequences; 
 fluctuations in inflationary conditions, which could increase our costs of doing business in certain countries; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the requirements of currency control regulations, which might restrict or prohibit conversion of other currencies into U.S. dollars; and 
 political or social unrest or economic instability in a specific country or region in which we operate, including, for example, Russia s invasion of Ukraine. 
 Our failure to successfully manage these risks could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Shipping is a critical part of our business and changes in, or disruptions to, our shipping arrangements have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently rely on third-party global providers to deliver the products we offer on our website and mobile app. If we are not able to negotiate acceptable pricing and other terms with these providers, or if these providers experience performance problems or other difficulties in processing our orders or delivering our products to customers, it could negatively impact our results of operations and our customers experience. Furthermore, changes to the terms of our shipping arrangements or the imposition of surcharges or surge pricing have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our margins and profitability. For example, the ongoing volatility in the global oil markets, including as a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine, has from time to time resulted in higher fuel prices, which many shipping companies have passed on to their customers by way of increased fuel surcharges. We have from time to time experienced increased shipping costs as a result, and these costs may continue to increase in the future. We may not be able to or choose to pass such increases on to our customers in the future. 
 In addition, the operations of the third-party providers on which we rely from time to time have been, and may in the future be, disrupted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. For example, strained parcel carrier networks have from time to time resulted in extended outbound shipping times generally and additional shipping costs. The COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease may also continue to adversely affect workforces and supply chains globally, potentially impacting the operations of our third-party shipping providers, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 Our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship merchandise to customers, including at costs to which we are accustomed, may also be negatively affected by other factors beyond our and/or these providers control, including pandemic, weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, acts of war, or terrorism or other events specifically impacting other shipping partners, such as labor disputes or shortages, financial difficulties, system failures and other disruptions to the operations of the shipping companies on which we rely. For example, a strike by employees of any of our third-party global providers or a port worker strike, work slow-down or other transportation disruption in the ports of Los Angeles or Long Beach, California, where we generally import our products into the U.S., could significantly disrupt our 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 business. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, shipping delays for reasons outside of our control. 
 We are also subject to risks of damage or loss during delivery by our shipping vendors. If the products ordered by our customers are not delivered in a timely fashion, including to international customers, or are damaged or lost during the delivery process, our customers could become dissatisfied and cease buying products from us, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we experience problems with our distribution and warehouse management systems, our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory, complete sales and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies could be harmed. 
 We rely on our sole fulfillment center in the City of Industry, California, which is operated by our third-party logistics provider, for all of our product distribution. We also rely on several additional third-party storage locations to house inventory. Our fulfillment center and storage locations include computer-controlled and automated equipment and rely on a warehouse management systems to manage supply chain fulfillment operations, which means our operations are complicated, require coordination between our fulfillment center and storage locations and are subject to a number of risks related to cybersecurity, the proper operation of software and hardware, including connections between software and/or hardware, electronic or power interruptions or other system failures. In addition, because all of our products are distributed from our City of Industry fulfillment center, our operations could also be interrupted by labor difficulties, or by floods, fires or other natural disasters near our fulfillment center and storage locations. We maintain business interruption insurance, but it may not adequately protect us from the adverse effects that could result from significant disruptions to our distribution system, such as the long-term loss of customers or an erosion of our brand image. Moreover, if we or our third-party logistics provider are unable to adequately staff our fulfillment center to meet demand or if the cost of such staffing is higher than historical or projected costs due to mandated wage increases, regulatory changes, hazard pay, international expansion or other factors, some of which has occurred from time to time and may occur again in the future, our results of operations could be harmed. 
 Operating a fulfillment center comes with additional potential risks, such as workplace safety issues and employment claims for the failure or alleged failure to comply with labor laws or laws respecting union organizing activities. Our distribution capacity is also dependent on the timely performance of services by third parties, including the shipping of our products to and from our City of Industry distribution facility. We may need to operate additional fulfillment centers in the future to keep pace with the growth of our business, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to locate suitable facilities on commercially acceptable terms in accordance with our expansion plans, nor can we assure you that we will be able to recruit qualified managerial and operational personnel to support our expansion plans. If we encounter problems with our distribution and warehouse management systems, our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory and fulfillment capacity, complete sales, fulfill orders in a timely manner and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies could be harmed, which could also harm our reputation and our relationship with our customers. 
 In addition, operations at our fulfillment center may also be disrupted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. For example, like other similarly situated companies, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic we have from time to time experienced, and may from time to time experience in the future (including as a result of any future pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease), inbound shipping delays of our product and labor shortages in our fulfillment center that impact our ability to fulfill orders on the timeline to which we have been accustomed. The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to adversely affect workforces and supply chains globally, potentially impacting the operations of our third-party logistics provider, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to accurately forecast customer demand, manage our inventory and plan for future expenses, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We base our current and future inventory needs and expense levels on our operating forecasts and estimates of future demand. To ensure adequate inventory supply, we must be able to forecast inventory needs and expenses and place orders sufficiently in advance with our suppliers and manufacturers, based on our estimates of future demand for particular products. Our ability to forecast demand for our products has from time to time been and will continue to be affected by various factors, including unanticipated changes in general market conditions (for example, because of effects on inventory supply and consumer demand caused by the current COVID-19 pandemic and high inflation rates), and economic conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Failure to accurately forecast demand may result in inefficient inventory supply or increased costs. This risk may be exacerbated by the fact that we may not carry a significant amount of inventory and may not be able to satisfy short-term demand increases. In addition, if we experience increased 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 volatility in shipping times from our suppliers and manufacturers and/or production disruptions, we may experience a shortage of products available for sale. Alternatively, if we advance the timing of inventory shipments to mitigate perceived freight transit time volatility and/or sales below our expectations, we may experience excess inventory levels. For example, volatility in ocean freight transit times and sales below our expectations as a result of inflationary pressure on consumer spending have from time to time resulted in increased levels of inventory on hand, which has from time to time resulted in increased storage needs and costs. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may also result in inventory write-downs or write-offs and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices, which would cause our gross margin to suffer and could impair the strength and premium nature of our brand. 
 Further, lower than forecasted demand could also result in excess manufacturing capacity or reduced manufacturing efficiencies, which could result in lower margins. Conversely, if we underestimate customer demand, our suppliers and manufacturers may not be able to deliver products to meet our requirements, and we may be subject to higher costs in order to secure the necessary production capacity or we may incur increased shipping costs. An inability to meet customer demand and delays in the delivery of our products to our customers could result in reputational harm and damaged customer relationships and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Moreover, while we devote significant attention to forecasting efforts, the volume, timing, value and type of the orders we receive are inherently uncertain. In addition, we cannot be sure the same growth rates, trends and other key performance metrics are meaningful predictors of future growth. Our business, as well as our ability to forecast demand, is also affected by general economic and business conditions in the United States, including inflationary pressures, and the degree of customer confidence in future economic conditions, and we anticipate that our ability to forecast demand due to these types of factors will be increasingly affected by conditions in international markets. A significant portion of our expenses is fixed, and as a result, we may be unable to adjust our spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected shortfall in net revenues. Any failure to accurately predict net revenues or gross margins could cause our operating results to be lower than expected, which could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Consumer confidence, shopping behavior and spending have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by factors beyond our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic impacts, supply chain disruptions, inflation, fear of recession or entry into a recession and geopolitical events, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Macroeconomic conditions may adversely affect our business. While we believe our business is largely resistant to recessionary pressures due to the largely non-discretionary nature of scrubwear, consumer spending may decline if general economic conditions deteriorate, and demand for our products may be adversely affected. Currently, the repercussions from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic present significant risks and uncertainty in the global economy, and there has been significant shifts in consumer behavior and spending patterns as a result. Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia s invasion of Ukraine have also resulted in significant macroeconomic consequences, risks and uncertainties, including increased fuel and energy prices and depressed financial markets, and as a result consumer confidence may continue to be negatively impacted in the future. Other factors affecting consumers spending levels include, among others: rising interest rates, the size and timing of federal stimulus programs, wages, levels of employment, inflation, recession and fears of recession or depression or entry into a recession or depression, housing costs, energy costs, income tax rates, financial market fluctuations, consumer perceptions of personal well-being and security, availability of consumer credit and consumer debt levels, and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. 
 These factors and their impact on macroeconomic consumer spending behavior have from time to time impacted, and may continue to impact in the future, the demand for our products, as well as our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Merchandise returns could harm our business. 
 We allow our customers to return our products, subject to our return policy. We generally accept merchandise returns for full refund if returned within 30 days of the original purchase date and for exchange up to 30 days from the original purchase date. Our revenue is reported net of returns and discounts. We estimate our liability for product returns based on historical return trends and an evaluation of current economic and market conditions. We record the expected customer refund liability as a reduction to revenue, and the expected inventory right of recovery as a reduction of cost of goods sold. The introduction of new products, changes in customer confidence or shopping habits or other competitive and general economic conditions could cause actual returns to exceed our estimates. If actual return costs differ from previous estimates, the amount of the liability and corresponding revenue are adjusted in the period in which such costs occur. In 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 addition, from time to time, our products may be damaged in transit, which can also increase return rates. Returned goods may also be damaged prior to or in connection with the return process, which can and has from time to time impeded our ability to restock and resell returned goods. Competitive pressures could cause us to alter our return policies or our shipping policies, which could result in an increase in damaged products and an increase in product returns. If the rate of product returns increases significantly or if product return economics become less efficient, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 The fluctuating cost of raw materials could increase our cost of goods sold and cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to suffer. 
 We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, fluctuations in the cost of raw materials used in our products for reasons beyond our control. For example, our core scrubs fabric includes synthetic fabric, the components of which may experience price fluctuations. Our costs for raw materials are affected by, among other things, weather, customer demand, rising interest rates, inflation, geopolitical tensions, volatility in the commodities market, the relative valuations and fluctuations of the currencies of producer versus customer countries and other factors that are generally unpredictable and beyond our control. In addition, the U.S. government s presumptive import ban on materials mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part in the Xinjiang region of China, the source of a large portion of certain raw materials, including rayon, may impact global prices and availability of raw materials from which some of our products are made. Increases in the cost of raw materials could adversely affect our cost of goods sold, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business may be subject to uncertainty as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted global supply chains and from time to time caused challenges to logistics, including causing ocean freight reliability and capacity issues, increased volatility in ocean freight transit times, port congestion, increased ocean and air freight rates, labor shortages and ocean freight delays. As a result, certain of our ocean freight providers, as well as some of our suppliers and manufacturers, have from time to time experienced delays and shutdowns, and could experience delays and shutdowns again in the future due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result of these supply chain challenges, we have from time to time contended, and may continue to contend with, supply chain-related delays, which from time to time have, and may in the future, result in delays receiving finished products from our manufacturers, impact our ability to keep certain products in stock and interrupt product and color launch schedules. 
 In order to manage the impact of these disruptions and meet our customers expectations, we have from time to time shipped, and may continue from time to time to ship, goods earlier when possible and adjust shipments to alternate origin and destination ports to avoid delays. We have also from time to time used faster but more expensive air freight, which has in the past increased our cost of goods sold, and we may from time to time continue to use more expensive air freight in the future. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred increased freight costs as a result of global supply chain disruption, which adversely impacted our gross margin. If we continue to experience higher costs due to significant and sustained supply chain disruption, we may not be able to, or may not choose to, fully offset such higher costs through price increases, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We continue to monitor the impacts of current macroeconomic conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic. An economic slowdown or recession, financial market volatility, changes in the labor market and geopolitical tensions, continuing supply chain disruptions, a reduction in consumer spending, or inability for our suppliers, vendors or other parties with whom we do business to meet their contractual obligations, could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any of which could have a material effect on us. Though we continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic closely, the situation is changing rapidly, including periodic resurgences in many countries, and additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of currently. 
 Our reliance on a limited number of third-party suppliers to provide materials for and produce our products could cause problems in our supply chain and subject us to additional risks. 
 We rely on third-party suppliers to manufacture our raw materials, product components and products, and our raw materials, product components and products may be available, in the short-term, from a limited number of sources. We 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 choose not to enter into long-term contracts with any of our suppliers or manufacturers for the production and supply of our raw materials, product components and products, and typically transact business with our suppliers on an order-by-order basis. We also compete with other companies for raw materials and production. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we source the vast majority of the fabrics used in our products from two third-party suppliers in China, and we source the other raw materials and product components used in our products, including items such as content labels, elastics, buttons, clasps and drawcords, from suppliers located predominantly in the Asia Pacific region. We also work with a limited number of manufacturing partners that produce our products in facilities located in South East Asia, China and South America, with the vast majority of our products as of December 31, 2022 being produced by our three largest manufacturing suppliers in South and South East Asia. We are continuously working to diversify our sourcing and manufacturing capabilities. 
 We may experience a disruption in the supply of fabrics, raw materials or product components from current sources, and we may be unable to locate alternative materials suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all. In addition, if we experience significantly increased demand, or if we need to replace or discontinue our relationship with an existing supplier or manufacturer, which has occurred from time to time, we may be unable to locate additional supplies of fabrics, raw materials or product components or additional manufacturing capacity on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, or we may be unable to locate any supplier or manufacturer with sufficient capacity to meet our requirements or to fill our orders in a timely manner. Identifying a suitable supplier is an involved process that requires us to become satisfied with its quality control, responsiveness and service, financial stability and labor and other ethical practices. Even if we are able to expand existing or find new manufacturing or fabric sources, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train our suppliers and manufacturers in our methods, products, and quality control standards. 
 Our supply of fabric or the manufacture of our products could also be disrupted or delayed by the impact of global conflict, such as the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, as well as health pandemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and the related government and private sector responsive actions, such as border closures, restrictions on product shipments and travel restrictions. For example, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted global supply chains and caused challenges to logistics, including from time to time causing ocean freight reliability and capacity issues, increased volatility in ocean freight transit times, port congestion, increased ocean and air freight rates, labor shortages and ocean freight delays. Certain of our ocean freight providers, as well as some of our suppliers and manufacturers, have from time to time experienced delays and shutdowns, and could experience delays and shutdowns again in the future. As a result of these supply chain challenges, we have from time to time contended, and may again contend with, supply chain-related delays, which from time to time have, and may in the future, result in delays receiving finished products from our manufacturers, impact our ability to keep certain products in stock and interrupt product and color launch schedules. 
 In order to manage the impact of these disruptions and meet our customers expectations, we have from time to time shipped, and may continue from time to time, to ship goods earlier when possible and adjust shipments to alternate origin and destination ports to avoid delays. We have also from time to time used faster but more expensive air freight, and we may from time to time need to continue to use more expensive air freight in the future, which has in the past and may in the future increase our cost of goods sold. For example, during the three months and year ended December 31, 2022, our gross margin was impacted by higher freight costs compared to the same periods in 2021, which we believe was as a result of inflation due, in part, to global supply chain disruptions and the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to monitor the impact of inflation on raw materials, freight, labor, rent, and other costs in order to minimize its effects. A high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenue if we are unable, or choose not to, increase the selling prices of our products in proportion with these increased costs. Further, any delays, interruption or increased costs in the supply of fabric or the manufacture of our products, or extended period of global supply chain disruption, could also have an adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand for our products and result in lower net revenues, increased cost of goods sold and lower net income from operations, both in the short and long term. 
 Moreover, we have occasionally received, and may in the future receive, shipments of products that fail to comply with our technical specifications or that fail to conform to our quality control standards. Under these circumstances, unless we are able to obtain replacement products in a timely manner, we risk the loss of net revenues resulting from the inability to sell those products and related increased administrative and shipping costs. Additionally, if the unacceptability of our products is not discovered until after such products are purchased by our customers, our customers could lose confidence in our products, and our business and brand could be harmed. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 The operations of many of our suppliers and manufacturers are subject to additional risks that are beyond our control and that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Substantially all of our suppliers and manufacturers are located outside of the United States, and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business abroad, including: 
 the imposition of new laws and regulations, including those relating to our due diligence of our supply chain as well as labor conditions, quality and safety standards, imports, duties, taxes and other charges on imports, as well as trade restrictions and restrictions on currency exchange or the transfer of funds; 
 political unrest or conflict, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the ongoing political crisis in Sri Lanka, terrorism, labor disputes and economic instability resulting in the disruption of trade from foreign countries in which our products are manufactured; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights, including trademark protection, in some countries, particularly in China; 
 disruptions or delays in shipments across our supply chain, whether due to port congestion, labor disputes, product regulations and/or inspections or other factors, natural disasters, including in connection with climate change, or health pandemics, or other transportation disruptions; and 
 the impact of health conditions, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and related government and private sector responsive actions, and other changes in local economic conditions in countries where our manufacturers, suppliers or customers are located. 
 These and other factors beyond our control could interrupt our suppliers production in offshore facilities, influence the ability of our suppliers to export our products cost-effectively or at all and inhibit our suppliers ability to procure certain materials, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any failure by us or our suppliers or manufacturers to comply with product safety, labor or other laws, provide safe conditions for our or their workers or use or be transparent about ethical business practices may damage our reputation and brand and harm our business. 
 We are committed to supporting our communities around the globe. Operating with compassion and integrity is core to our values, which makes our reputation sensitive to allegations of unethical or improper business practices, whether real or perceived. The failure of any of our suppliers or manufacturers to provide safe and humane factory conditions and oversight at their facilities could damage our reputation and brand or result in legal claims against us. While we rely on our manufacturers and suppliers compliance reporting as well as contractual provisions in our vendor manual, in order to comply with regulations applicable to our products, expectations of ethical business practices continually evolve and may be substantially more demanding than applicable legal requirements. 
 We do not control our suppliers and manufacturers or their business, and they may not comply with our guidelines or applicable law. The products we sell are subject to regulation by the Federal Customer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission and similar state and international regulatory authorities. Product safety, labeling and licensing concerns may require us to voluntarily remove selected merchandise from our inventory. Such recalls or voluntary removal of merchandise can result in, among other things, lost sales, diverted resources, potential harm to our reputation and increased customer service costs and legal expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Moreover, failure of our suppliers or manufacturers to comply with applicable laws and regulations and contractual requirements could lead to litigation against us or cause us to seek other vendors, which could increase our costs and result in delayed delivery of our products, product shortages or other disruptions of our operations. 
 Ethical business practices are also driven in part by legal developments and by groups active in publicizing and organizing public responses to perceived ethical shortcomings. For example, there are increasing expectations in various jurisdictions that companies monitor the environmental and social performance of their suppliers, including compliance with a variety of labor practices, as well as consider a wider range of potential environmental and social matters, including the end of life considerations for products. While we have taken efforts to assess our suppliers, expectations on these matters are evolving rapidly. Compliance can be costly and, in certain cases, require us to design supply chains to avoid certain regions altogether. Failure to comply with such regulations can result in fines, reputational damage, denial of import for our products, or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition to evaluating the substance of companies practices, such groups also often scrutinize companies transparency as to such practices and the policies and procedures they use to ensure compliance by their suppliers and other business partners. If we do not meet the transparency standards 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 expected by parties active in promoting ethical business practices, we may attract negative publicity, regardless of whether the actual labor and other business practices adhered to by us and our independent manufacturers are consistent with ethical business practices. Such negative publicity could harm our brand image, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We conduct business with suppliers and manufacturers based in China, which exposes us to risks inherent in doing business there. 
 We source raw material from, and conduct limited manufacturing in, the People s Republic of China. With the rapid development of the Chinese economy, the cost of labor has increased and may continue to increase. Our results of operations will be adversely affected if the labor costs of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers increase significantly. In addition, our manufacturers and suppliers may be unable to find a sufficient number of qualified workers due to the competitive market for skilled labor in China. 
 Conducting business in China exposes us to political, legal and economic risks. In particular, the political, legal and economic climate in China is fluid and unpredictable. Our ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. and Chinese laws and regulations, including those related to taxation, import and export tariffs and restrictions, economic sanctions and export controls, environmental regulations, land use rights, intellectual property, currency controls, network security, employee benefits, hygiene supervision and other matters. 
 Our ability to operate in China may also be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, China from time to time has, and in the future may again, enforce broad lockdowns in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which has affected, and may in the future affect, our third-party suppliers and manufacturers ability to timely deliver raw materials, product components and products to us. 
 In addition, Chinese trade regulations are continuously evolving, and we may become subject to other forms of taxation, tariffs and duties. Furthermore, the third parties we rely on in China may disclose our confidential information or intellectual property to competitors or third parties, which could result in the illegal sale of counterfeit versions of our products. If any of these events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Finally, certain trade restrictions related to the Xinjiang region of China could impact our business. The U.S. Government has taken several steps to address forced labor concerns in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China, including sanctions on specific entities and individuals; withhold release orders WROs issued by U.S. Customs and Border Protection CBP that prohibit the entry of imports of certain items from Xinjiang; and the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, which went into effect in June 2022, and imposes a rebuttable presumption against U.S. imports of any items from Xinjiang and specifically targets the cotton and apparel industry as high-priority sectors for enforcement. We do not intentionally source any products or materials from the Xinjiang region (either directly or indirectly through our supply chain) and we prohibit our suppliers and manufacturers from doing business with or sourcing from any company or entity located in China s Xinjiang region. However, the presumptive ban on virtually all imports from that region could affect the global sourcing and availability of raw materials, such as rayon, used in the manufacturing of certain of our products and/or lead to our products being held for inspection by CBP and delayed or rejected for entry into the United States, which could unexpectedly affect our inventory levels, result in other supply chain disruptions, or cause us to be subject to penalties, fines or sanctions. Even if we were not subject to penalties, fines or sanctions, if products we source are linked in any way to the Xinjiang region, our reputation could be harmed. 
 Increases in labor costs, including wages, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Labor is a significant portion of our cost structure and is subject to many external factors, including unemployment levels, inflation, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage laws, potential collective bargaining arrangements, health insurance costs and other insurance costs and changes in employment and labor legislation or other workplace regulation. From time to time, legislative proposals are made to increase the federal minimum wage in the United States, as well as the minimum wage in California and a number of other states and municipalities, and to reform entitlement programs, such as health insurance and paid leave programs. As minimum wage rates increase, related laws and regulations change, or inflationary or other pressures increase wage rates, we and our partners may need to increase not only the wage rates of minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to other hourly or salaried employees. For example, hourly wages for employees of our third-party logistics provider have from time to time increased as a result of inflationary 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 pressures, and may in the future increase further, which could adversely impact our fulfillment costs. Any increase in the cost of our or our third-party partners labor could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increases in labor costs could also force us to increase prices, which could adversely impact our sales. If competitive pressures or other factors prevent us from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in prices, our profitability may decline and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the job market in Southern California, where our principal offices, fulfillment center and the majority of our employees are located, is very competitive. If prevailing rates are driven higher by market forces or otherwise but we fail to pay such higher wages, we could suffer increased employee turnover, adversely affecting our business. While none of our employees is currently covered by a collective bargaining agreement, any attempt by our employees to organize a labor union could also result in increased legal and other associated costs. 
 A significant portion of our products are produced in Asia, with some of our products produced in China. Increases in the costs of labor and other costs of doing business in these regions could also increase our costs to produce our products and could have a negative impact on our operations and earnings. Factors that could negatively affect our business include a potential significant revaluation of the currencies used in these countries, which may result in an increase in the cost of producing products, labor shortage and increases in labor costs, and difficulties and additional costs in transporting products manufactured from these countries. Also, the imposition of trade sanctions or other regulations against products imported by us from, or the loss of normal trade relations status with, any country in which our products are manufactured, could significantly increase our cost of products and harm our business. 
 Our sales and profitability may decline if product costs increase or selling prices decrease. 
 Our business is subject to pressure on costs and pricing caused by many factors, including competition, constrained sourcing capacity and related inflationary pressure, pressure from customers to reduce the prices we charge for our products and changes in customer demand. These factors may cause us to experience increased costs while also causing us to reduce prices. If we were to increase prices in response to increased costs, we may experience reduced sales. Any of the forgoing could cause our operating margin to decline if we are unable to offset these factors with reductions in operating costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we do not successfully optimize, operate and manage the expansion of the capacity of our fulfillment center, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We anticipate the need to add additional fulfillment center capacity and technological functionality, and have leased additional warehouse space to serve as storage centers as our business continues to grow. As we continue to add fulfillment capabilities, technology, warehouse capabilities and space, product categories with different fulfillment requirements or change the mix in products that we sell, our fulfillment network has and will become increasingly complex and operating it will become more challenging. The expansion of our fulfillment center capacity may put pressure on our managerial, financial, operational and other resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to locate suitable facilities on commercially acceptable terms in accordance with our expansion plans, nor can we assure you that we will be able to recruit qualified managerial and operational personnel to support our expansion plans. In addition, we may be required to further expand our capacity sooner than we anticipate. If we are unable to secure new facilities for the expansion of our fulfillment operations, recruit qualified personnel to support any such facilities or effectively control expansion-related expenses, our order fulfillment and shipping times may be delayed and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our credit agreement contains restrictive covenants that may limit our operating flexibility. 
 Although we have not drawn on our existing line of credit, our existing credit agreement contains restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to transfer or dispose of assets, merge with other companies or consummate certain changes of control, acquire other companies, incur additional indebtedness and liens and enter into new businesses. We therefore may not be able to engage in any of the foregoing transactions unless we obtain the consent of the lender or terminate the credit agreement, which may limit our operating flexibility. In addition, our credit agreement is secured by all of our assets and requires us to satisfy certain financial covenants. There is no guarantee that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow or sales to meet these financial covenants or pay the principal and interest when due under our credit facility. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that future working capital, borrowings or equity financing will be available to repay or refinance any such debt. Any inability to comply with the terms of our credit agreement, including 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 failing to make scheduled payments or to meet the financial covenants, would adversely affect our business. See the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional information regarding the terms of our existing credit agreement. 
 A downturn in the economy may adversely affect our business. 
 We believe that due to the largely non-discretionary nature of healthcare apparel, our business is largely resistant to recessionary pressures. However, due to our limited operating history, we have not experienced a sustained recessionary period and therefore cannot predict the effect on our sales and profitability of a prolonged downturn in the economy. It is possible that a prolonged downturn in the economy in markets in which we sell our products may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may seek to grow our business through acquisitions of, or investments in, new or complementary businesses, facilities, technologies or products, or through strategic alliances, and the failure to manage these acquisitions, investments or alliances, or to integrate them with our existing business, could adversely affect us. 
 From time to time, we acquire or make investments in new or complementary businesses, facilities, technologies, offerings or products, or enter into strategic alliances, that may enhance or augment our capabilities, expand our outsourcing and supplier network, complement our current products or services or expand the breadth of our markets. Acquisitions, investments and other strategic alliances involve numerous risks, including: 
 problems integrating the acquired business, facilities, technologies or products, including issues maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls, policies and culture; 
 unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances; 
 diversion of management s attention from our existing business; 
 adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers, outsourced manufacturing partners and other third parties; 
 risks associated with entering new markets in which we may have limited or no experience; 
 potential loss of key employees of acquired businesses; and 
 increased legal and accounting compliance costs 
 We may be unable to identify acquisitions or strategic relationships we deem suitable. Even if we do, we may be unable to successfully complete any such transactions on favorable terms or at all, or to successfully integrate any acquired business, facilities, technologies or products into our business or retain any key personnel, suppliers or customers. These efforts could be expensive and time-consuming and may disrupt our ongoing business and prevent management from focusing on our operations. If we are unable to identify suitable acquisitions or strategic relationships, or if we are unable to integrate any acquired businesses, facilities, technologies and products effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Certain of our key operating metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and any real or perceived inaccuracies in our metrics or the underlying data may cause a loss of investor confidence in such metrics and the market price of our Class A common stock may decline. 
 We track certain key operating metrics using internal data analytics tools, which have certain limitations. In addition, we rely on data received from third parties, including third-party platforms, to track certain performance indicators, and we may be limited in our ability to verify such data. In addition, our methodologies for tracking metrics may change over time, which could result in changes to the metrics we report. If we undercount or overcount performance due to the internal data analytics tools we use or issues with the data received from third parties, or if our internal data analytics tools contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate or comparable with prior periods. In addition, limitations, changes or errors with respect to how we measure data may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our longer-term strategies. If our performance metrics are not, or are not perceived to be, accurate representations of our business, if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics or the data on which such metrics are based, or if we can no longer calculate any of our key performance metrics with a sufficient degree of accuracy, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of such metrics, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We may incur losses from fraud. 
 We have occasionally in the past incurred and may in the future incur losses from various types of fraud, including stolen credit card numbers, claims that a customer did not authorize a purchase and merchant fraud. As a general matter, we are liable for fraudulent credit card transactions. Although we have measures in place to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent activity on our digital platform, those measures may not always be effective. In addition to the direct costs of such losses, if the fraud is related to credit card transactions and becomes excessive, it could potentially result in us paying higher fees or affecting our ability to accept credit cards for payment. Our failure to adequately prevent fraudulent transactions could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory action and lead to expenses that could substantially impact our operating results. 
 Additionally, we have occasionally in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to fraudulent purchases by individuals or organizations purchasing our products in bulk with the intention of unlawfully reselling such products at a premium. We have also in the past been the target of, and may in the future be the target of, fraudulent websites with similar domain names or content to our website, that attempt to unlawfully divert our customer traffic to such fraudulent websites to defraud our customers. While we have procedures in place to detect and prevent such practices, our failure to identify those activities may adversely affect our brand and reputation. 
 Our business may be affected by seasonality. 
 Unlike the traditional apparel industry, the healthcare apparel industry is generally not seasonal in nature. However, due to our historical pattern of sequential growth, as well as our decision to conduct select promotions during the holiday season, we historically have generated a higher proportion of net revenues, and incurred higher selling and marketing expenses, during the fourth quarter of the year compared to other quarters, and we expect these trends to continue. 
 We may be unable to execute on our retail growth strategy. 
 We plan to open retail stores in the future. We believe that a brick-and-mortar presence will help to raise brand awareness and complement our online experience, offering customers an expanded omni-channel buying experience. We may, however, have to enter into long-term leases before we know whether our retail strategy or a particular geography will be successful. We may also face a number of challenges in opening stores, including locating retail space with a cost and geographic profile that will allow us to operate in highly desirable shopping locations, hire in-store talent and expand our operations in a cost-effective manner. Even if we are able to secure attractive retail locations, the opening of new stores brings operational challenges. In opening stores, we must provide our customers with a consistent experience. Our stores may also be the target of theft or experience property damage. Any such incidents may result in a disruption to our retail operations and significant costs if not covered by our insurance policies. 
 In addition, operating retail stores creates supply chain, merchandising and pricing challenges, as we must select the right product mix for each individual store while continuing to manage inventory at our fulfillment center. There can also be no assurance that our retail stores will achieve or maintain sales and profitability levels that justify the required investments. In addition, the failure of our retail stores to achieve acceptable results could lead to unplanned store closures and/or impairment and other charges. If this occurs, or if we are not able to manage or execute on our retail growth strategy, or if consumers are not receptive to the products, design layout, or visual merchandising in our stores, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Data Privacy and Intellectual Property 
 System interruptions that impair customer access to our website or other performance failures in our technology infrastructure could damage our business, reputation and brand and substantially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on information technology networks and systems and our website to market and sell our products and to manage a variety of business processes and activities and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. We depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our personnel, customers, manufacturers and suppliers around the world. Our website, portions of which are run through Shopify, and information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, telecommunication failures, 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 user errors or catastrophic events. Our website serves as an effective extension of our marketing strategies by exposing potential new customers to our brand, product offerings and enhanced content. Due to the importance of our website and internet-related operations, we are vulnerable to website downtime and other technical failures, which may be outside of our control. Further, any slow down or material disruption of our systems, or the systems of our third-party service providers, or our website has from time to time, and could in the future, disrupt our ability to track, record and analyze the products that we sell and could negatively impact our operations, shipment of goods, ability to process financial information and transactions, and our ability to receive and process customer orders or engage in normal business activities. Our third-party technology providers may also change their policies, terms or offerings from time to time, may fail to introduce new features and offerings that meet our needs as we expand, or may cease to provide services to us on favorable terms, or at all, which could require us to adjust how we use our information technology systems, including our website, or switch to alternative third-party service providers which could be costly, cause interruptions and could ultimately adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 If our website or information technology systems, including those run by or those of our third-party providers, suffer damage, disruption or shutdown and we or our third-party providers do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. 
 If our computer and communications hardware fail, or if we suffer an interruption or degradation of services, we could lose customer data and miss order fulfillment deadlines, which could harm our business. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks, data loss, acts of war, break-ins, earthquake and similar events. Any failure or interruption of our website, mobile app, internal business applications or our technology infrastructure could harm our ability to serve our clients, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We use complex custom-built proprietary software in our technology infrastructure. Our proprietary software may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities, some of which may only be discovered after the software has been implemented in our production environment or released to end users. In addition, we seek to continually update and improve our software, and we may not always be successful in executing these upgrades and improvements, and the operation of our systems may be subject to failure. We may experience slowdowns or interruptions in our website when we are updating it. For example, in the past we have experienced minor slowdowns while updating our website. Moreover, new technologies or infrastructures may not be fully integrated with existing systems on a timely basis, or at all. Any errors or vulnerabilities discovered in our software after commercial implementation or release could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customers, disruption to our eCommerce channels, loss of revenue or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our growth prospects and our business. 
 Additionally, if we expand our use of third-party services, including cloud-based services, our technology infrastructure may be subject to increased risk of slowdown or interruption as a result of integration with such services and/or failures by such third parties, which are out of our control. Our net revenues depend on the number of visitors who shop on our website and the volume of orders we can handle. Unavailability of our website or mobile app or reduced order fulfillment performance would reduce the volume of goods sold and could also adversely affect customer perception of our brand. We may experience periodic system interruptions from time to time. In addition, continued growth in our transaction volume, as well as surges in online traffic and orders associated with promotional activities or seasonal trends in our business, place additional demands on our technology platform and could cause or exacerbate slowdowns or interruptions. If there is a substantial increase in the volume of traffic on our website or the number of orders placed by customers, we will be required to further expand, scale and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. There can be no assurance that we will be able to accurately project the rate or timing of increases, if any, in the use of our website or mobile app or expand, scale and upgrade our technology, systems and infrastructure to accommodate such increases on a timely basis. In order to remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality, features and accessibility of our website, which is particularly challenging given the rapid rate at which new technologies, customer preferences and expectations and industry standards and practices are evolving in the eCommerce industry. Our or our third-party vendors inability to continue to update, improve and scale our website or mobile app and the underlying technology infrastructure could harm our reputation and our ability to acquire, retain and serve our customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, we endeavor to continually upgrade existing technologies and business applications, and we may be required to implement new technologies or business applications in the future. The implementation of upgrades and changes requires significant investments. Our results of operations may be affected by the timing, effectiveness and costs 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 associated with the successful implementation of any upgrades or changes to our systems and infrastructure. In the event that it is more difficult for our customers to buy products from us on their mobile devices, or if our customers choose not to buy products from us on their mobile devices or to use mobile products that do not offer access to our websites, our customer growth could be harmed and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We must continue to expand and scale our information technology systems, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We will need to continue to expand and scale our information technology systems and personnel to support recent and expected future growth. As such, we will continue to invest in and implement modifications and upgrades to our information technology systems and procedures, including replacing legacy systems with successor systems, making changes to legacy systems or acquiring new systems with new functionality, hiring employees with information technology and cybersecurity expertise and building new policies, procedures, training programs and monitoring tools. These types of activities subject us to inherent costs and risks associated with replacing and changing these systems, including impairment of our ability to fulfill customer orders, potential disruption of our internal control structure, capital expenditures, additional administration and operating expenses, acquisition and retention of sufficiently skilled personnel to implement and operate the new systems, demands on management time, the introduction of errors or vulnerabilities and other risks and costs of delays or difficulties in transitioning to or integrating new systems into our current systems. These implementations, modifications and upgrades may not result in productivity improvements at a level that outweighs the costs of implementation, or at all. Additionally, difficulties with implementing new technology systems, delays in our timeline for planned improvements, significant system failures or our inability to successfully modify our information systems to respond to changes in our business needs may cause disruptions in our business operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Some of our software and systems contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary applications. 
 We use software licensed to us by third-party developers under open source licenses in connection with the development or deployment of our proprietary software and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. Some open source licenses contain express requirements, which may be triggered under certain circumstances, that licensees make available source code for modifications or derivative works created or prohibit such modifications or derivative works from being licensed for a fee. Although we monitor our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our platform to such requirements, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to develop or use our proprietary software. We may face claims from third parties demanding the release or license of the open source software or derivative works that we developed from such software (which could include our proprietary source code) or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of applicable open source licenses. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to publicly release portions of our proprietary source code or cease distributing or otherwise using the implicated solutions unless and until we can re-engineer them. 
 In addition, our use of open source software may present greater risks than use of other third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. To the extent that our platform depends upon the successful operation of open source software, any undetected errors or defects in open source software that we use could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our systems and injure our reputation. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our platform. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage and, if not addressed, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to provide our customers a cost-effective shopping platform that is able to respond and adapt to rapid changes in technology. 
 The number of people who access the internet through devices other than personal computers, including smartphones and portable computers, such as laptops and tablets, has increased dramatically in the past few years. The smaller screen size, functionality and memory associated with some alternative devices may make the use of our website and purchasing our products more difficult. The versions of our website and our mobile app developed for such alternative 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 devices may not be compelling to customers. In addition, it is time consuming and costly to keep pace with rapidly changing and continuously evolving technology. 
 As existing mobile devices and platforms evolve and new mobile devices and platforms are released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in adjusting and developing applications for changed and alternative devices and platforms, and we may need to devote significant resources to the redevelopment, support and maintenance of our website and mobile app. The timing, effectiveness and costs associated with the successful implementation of any upgrades or changes to our systems and infrastructure serving website or mobile device users may affect our results of operations. If we are unable to attract customers to our websites through these devices or are slow to develop versions of our website or mobile app that are more compatible with alternative devices, or if our customers choose not to buy products from us on their mobile devices or use mobile products that do not offer access to our websites, we may fail to capture a significant share of customers in the medical apparel market, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, in the event that it is more difficult for our customers to buy products from us on their mobile devices, or if our customers choose not to buy products from us on their mobile devices or to use mobile products that do not offer access to our websites, our customer growth could be harmed and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our customer engagement on mobile devices depends upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. 
 An increasing number of our customers purchase our products through our mobile app. We are dependent on the interoperability of our website and mobile app with popular mobile operating systems that we do not control, such as Android and iOS, and any changes in such systems that degrade the functionality of our digital offering could adversely affect the user experience of our website and mobile app on mobile devices. Additionally, in order to deliver a consistent shopping experience to mobile devices, it is important that our mobile app is designed effectively and works well with a range of mobile technologies, systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. We may not be successful in developing relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks, or standards. In the event that it is more difficult for our customers to access and use our mobile app on their mobile devices or if our customers choose not to access or use our mobile app on their mobile devices or use mobile products that do not offer access to our platform, our sales and growth prospects could be adversely impacted. 
 If proprietary, confidential or sensitive information or personal data about our customers is disclosed, or if we or our third-party providers are subject to real or perceived cyberattacks, our customers may curtail use of our website or mobile app, we may be exposed to liability and our reputation could suffer. 
 Operating our business and platform involves the collection, storage and transmission of proprietary and confidential data, as well as the personal information of our employees and customers. Some of our third-party service providers, such as identity verification and payment processing providers, also regularly have access to customer data. In an effort to protect sensitive information, we rely on a variety of security measures, including encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties. However, advances in computer capabilities, increasingly sophisticated tools and methods used by hackers and cyber terrorists, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments may result in our failure or inability to adequately protect sensitive information. 
 Like other eCommerce companies, we (along with our supply chain partners) are vulnerable to hacking, malware, computer viruses, unauthorized access, phishing or social engineering attacks, ransomware and extortion-based attacks, credential stuffing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, exploitation of software vulnerabilities and other real or perceived cyberattacks. Additionally, our workforce predominantly remains in a hybrid work environment, which has heightened the risk of these potential vulnerabilities. Furthermore, due to political uncertainty and military actions associated with Russia s invasion of Ukraine, we and our service providers may be vulnerable to heightened risks of cybersecurity incidents and from or affiliated with nation-state actors. Any of these incidents could lead to interruptions or shutdowns of our platform, loss or corruption of data or unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal data or other sensitive information. Cyberattacks could also result in the theft of our intellectual property, damage to our IT systems or disruption of our ability to make financial reports and other public disclosures required of public companies. We and our third-party vendors have from time to time been subject to cyber, phishing, social engineering and business email compromise attacks in the past, none of which individually or in the aggregate has led to costs or consequences that have materially impacted our business, however, we and our third-party vendors may continue to be subject to such attacks and other cybersecurity incidents in the future. If we gain greater visibility, we may face a higher risk of being targeted by cyberattacks. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries or other developments may result in cyberattacks or other incidents 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 becoming more sophisticated or obscure and more difficult to detect. We and our third-party service providers may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent all such cyberattacks. Moreover, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers. Security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent actions by our employees, our third-party service providers, or their personnel. 
 In addition, we and our third-party service providers may experience cyberattacks aimed at disrupting our and their services. If we or our third-party service providers experience, or are believed to have experienced, security breaches that result in marketplace performance or availability problems or the loss or corruption of, or unauthorized access to or disclosure of, personal data or confidential information, people may become unwilling to provide us the information necessary to make purchases on our website or mobile app. Existing customers may also decrease or stop their purchases altogether. While we maintain cyber and errors and omissions insurance coverage that covers certain aspects of cyber risks, these losses may not be adequately covered by insurance or other contractual rights available to us. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed or are not covered by our insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, we may be required to disclose personal data pursuant to demands from individuals, data privacy advocates, regulators, government agencies and law enforcement agencies in various jurisdictions with conflicting data privacy and security laws. This disclosure or refusal to disclose personal data may result in a breach of privacy and data protection policies, notices, laws, rules, court orders and regulations and could result in proceedings or actions against us in the same or other jurisdictions, damage to our reputation and brand and inability to provide our products to customers in certain jurisdictions. Additionally, changes in the laws and regulations that govern our collection, use and disclosure of customer data could impose additional requirements with respect to the retention and security of customer data, could limit our marketing activities and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The actual or perceived failure to comply with federal, state or foreign laws and regulations or our contractual obligations relating to data privacy, data protection and customer protection, or the expansion of current or the enactment of new laws and regulations relating to data privacy, data protection and customer protection, could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. 
 We collect and maintain significant amounts of data relating to our customers and employees, and we face risks inherent in both handling large volumes of data and in protecting the security of such data. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with any federal, state or foreign laws and regulations, or applicable industry standards that govern or apply to our collection, use, retention, sharing and security of data, could result in enforcement actions that require us to change our business practices in a manner that may negatively impact our revenue, as well as expose ourselves to litigation, fines, civil and/or criminal penalties and adverse publicity that could cause our customers to lose trust in us, negatively impacting our reputation and business in a manner that harms our financial position. Laws and regulations in the United States and around the world restrict how information about individuals is collected, processed, stored, used and disclosed, as well as set standards for its security, implement notice requirements regarding privacy practices, and provide individuals with certain rights regarding the use, disclosure and sale of their protected personal data. These laws and regulations are still being tested in courts, and they are subject to new and differing interpretations by courts and regulatory officials. We are working to comply with the privacy, security and data protection laws and regulations that apply to us, and we anticipate needing to devote significant additional resources to complying with these laws and regulations. It is possible that these laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction or inconsistent with our current policies and practices. 
 In the United States, the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. Such standards require us to publish statements that describe how we handle personal data and choices individuals may have about the way we handle their personal data. If such information that we publish is considered untrue or inaccurate, we may be subject to government claims of unfair or deceptive trade practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences. Moreover, according to the FTC, violating consumers privacy rights or failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal data secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. State consumer protection laws provide similar causes of action for unfair or deceptive practices. Some states, such as California and Massachusetts, have passed specific laws mandating reasonable security measures for the handling of consumer data. Further, privacy advocates and industry groups 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 have regularly proposed and sometimes approved, and may propose and approve in the future, self-regulatory standards with which we must legally comply or that contractually apply to us. 
 In addition, many state legislatures have adopted legislation that regulates how businesses operate online, including measures relating to data privacy, data security, and data breaches. For example, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA which gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as statutory damages and a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Further, in November 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ). The CPRA, which took effect on January 1, 2023, creates obligations with respect to certain data relating to consumers as of January 1, 2022 and significantly expands the CCPA, including by introducing additional obligations such as data minimization and storage limitations, granting additional rights to consumers, such as correction of personal information and additional opt-out rights, and creates a new entity, the California Privacy Protection Agency, to implement and enforce the law. Personal information we handle may be subject to the CCPA and CPRA, which may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. 
 Other states have enacted similar bills. For example, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut also recently passed comprehensive privacy laws that take effect in 2023 and we must comply with them if our operations fall within their scope, which may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Similar laws have been proposed in other states and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. 
 In addition to fines and penalties that may be imposed for failure to comply with state laws, some states also provide for private rights of action to customers for misuse of or unauthorized access to personal data. Our compliance with these changing, increasingly burdensome and sometimes conflicting regulations and requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices, which may impact our financial condition. If we fail to comply with these regulations or requirements, we may be exposed to litigation expenses and possible significant liability, fees or fines. Further, any such claim, proceeding or action could harm our reputation, brand and business, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of such proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, result in a loss of customers and suppliers or an inability to process credit card payments and may result in the imposition of monetary penalties. We may also be contractually required to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with any laws, regulations or other legal obligations relating to privacy or consumer protection or any inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure of data that we store or handle as part of operating our business. 
 In addition to risks posed by new privacy laws, we could be, and have been from time to time, subject to claims alleging violations of long-established federal and state privacy and consumer protection laws. For example, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (the TCPA is a federal law that imposes significant restrictions on the ability to make telephone calls or send text messages to mobile telephone numbers without the prior consent of the person being contacted. The TCPA provides for substantial statutory damages for violations, which has generated extensive class-action litigation. In addition, class-action plaintiffs in the United States are employing novel legal theories to allege that federal and state eavesdropping/wiretapping laws and state constitutions prohibit the use of analytics technologies widely employed by website and mobile app operators to understand how their users interact with their services. Despite our compliance efforts, our use of text messaging communications or similar analytics technologies could expose us to costly litigation, government enforcement actions, damages and penalties, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, some laws may require us to notify governmental authorities and/or affected individuals of data breaches involving certain personal data or other unauthorized or inadvertent access to or disclosure of such information. We may need to notify governmental authorities and affected individuals with respect to such incidents. For example, laws in all 50 U.S. states may require businesses to provide notice to consumers whose personal data has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. These laws are not consistent with each other, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach may be difficult and costly. We also may be required to notify consumers or other counterparties of a security incident, including a breach. Any actual or perceived security incident or breach, or breach of our contractual obligations, could harm our reputation and brand, expose us to potential liability or require us to expend significant resources on data security and in responding to any such actual or perceived breach. 
 Outside of the United States, certain foreign jurisdictions, including the European Economic Area (the EEA ), and the UK, have laws and regulations which are more restrictive in certain respects than those in the United States. For 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 example, the EEA and the UK have adopted the GDPR or the UK GDPR respectively, which may apply to our collection, control, use, sharing, disclosure and other processing of data relating to an identified or identifiable living individual (personal data). The GDPR, UK GDPR and national implementing legislation in EEA member states and the UK impose a strict data protection compliance regime including: providing detailed disclosures about how personal data is collected and processed (in a concise, intelligible and easily accessible form); granting comprehensive rights for data subjects in regard to their personal data (including, for example, the right to access data, the right to be forgotten and the right to data portability); requirements to have data processing agreements in place to govern the processing of personal data on behalf of other organizations; introducing the obligation to notify data protection regulators or supervisory authorities (and in certain cases, affected individuals) of significant data breaches; maintaining a record of data processing; and complying with the principal of accountability and the obligation to demonstrate compliance through policies, procedures, trainings and audits. 
 We also may be subject to specific requirements with respect to cross-border transfers of personal data out of the EEA and UK. Recent legal developments in the EEA and UK have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data out of Europe. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the CJEU ), invalidated the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework (the Privacy Shield ), under which personal data could be transferred from the EEA to US entities who had self-certified under the Privacy Shield Framework. While the CJEU upheld the adequacy of the standard contractual clauses SCCs a standard form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism, and potential alternative to the Privacy Shield), it made clear that reliance on them alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances. Use of the SCCs must now be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals and additional measures and/or contractual provisions may need to be put in place. The CJEU went on to state that if a competent supervisory authority believes that the SCCs cannot be complied with in the destination country and the required level of protection cannot be secured by other means, such supervisory authority is under an obligation to suspend or prohibit that transfer. Moreover, the European Commission released an implementation decision for a new set of SCCs on June 4, 2021, which requires us to use new SCCs since September 28, 2021, and the European Data Protection Board and national regulators have released related guidelines. The UK s Information Commissioner s Office has also published new standard contractual clauses for cross-border transfers of UK personal data under the UK GDPR UK Clauses ). This new documentation is mandatory for relevant data transfers beginning September 21, 2022; existing standard contractual clauses arrangements entered into prior to that date must be migrated to the new documentation by March 21, 2024. We may have obligations to conduct transfer impact assessments for such cross-border data transfers and implement additional security measures. Reliance on the new SCCs or UK Clauses may require us to expend significant resources to comply with resulting obligations. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the SCCs or UK Clauses cannot be used, and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our products, the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 These recent developments may require us to review and amend the legal mechanisms by which we make and/or receive personal data transfers to/in the United States. We could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services, the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The withdrawal of the UK from the European Union has created uncertainty with regard to the regulation of data protection in the UK. 
 Going forward, we may have to comply with multiple data protection regimes in the EEA and in the UK. On June 28, 2021, the European Commission issued an adequacy decision under the GDPR which allows transfers of personal data from the EEA to the UK to continue without restriction for a period of four years ending June 27, 2025. During these four years, the European Commission could intervene if the UK deviates from the level of data protection in place at the time of issuance of the adequacy decision. If the adequacy decision is withdrawn or not renewed, transfers of personal data from the EEA to the UK will require a valid transfer mechanism and we may be required to implement new processes and put new agreements in place to continue making such transfers. The UK government is considering reforms to the UK GDPR and the UK data protection regime, which could lead to divergence from the EEA regime. There is a risk that any material changes which are made to the UK data protection regime could result in the Commission reviewing the UK adequacy 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 decision, and the UK losing its adequacy decision if the Commission deems the UK to no longer provide adequate protection for personal data. These changes may lead to additional costs and increase our overall risk exposure. 
 We depend on a number of third parties in relation to the operation of our business, a number of which process personal data on our behalf. Any violation of data or security laws by our third-party processors, or their acts or omissions that cause us to violate our legal obligations, could have an adverse effect on our business and result in the fines and penalties outlined below. 
 Fines for certain breaches of the GDPR, or UK GDPR and Data Protection Act 2018, are up to the greater of 20 million Euros (or 17.5 million pound sterling respectively) or 4 of total global annual turnover, whichever is higher. In addition to the foregoing, a breach of the GDPR or UK GDPR could result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease/change our processing of our data, enforcement notices, and/or assessment notices (for a compulsory audit). We may also face civil claims including representative actions and other class action type litigation (where individuals have suffered harm), potentially amounting to significant compensation or damages liabilities, as well as associated costs, diversion of internal resources and reputational harm. 
 We are also subject to evolving privacy laws on cookies and e-marketing. In the EEA and UK, regulators are increasingly focusing on compliance with requirements in the online behavioral advertising ecosystem. Under the ePrivacy Directive, national implementation laws and relevant legislation in the UK, informed consent is required for the placement of a cookie or similar technologies on a user s device and for direct electronic marketing. The GDPR and UK GDPR also impose conditions on obtaining valid consent, such as a prohibition on pre-checked consents and a requirement to ensure separate consents are sought for each type of cookie or similar technology. In the European Union, current national laws that implement the ePrivacy Directive are expected to be replaced by an EU regulation known as the ePrivacy Regulation which will significantly increase fines for non-compliance. While the text of the ePrivacy Regulation is still under development, a recent European court decision and regulators recent guidance are driving increased attention to cookies and tracking technologies. As regulators, activists, consumer protection organizations and third parties increasingly enforce the strict approach in recent guidance, this could lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, divert the attention of our technology personnel, adversely affect our margins, increase costs and subject us to additional liabilities. Regulation of cookies and similar technologies, and any decline of cookies or similar online tracking technologies as a means to identify and potentially target individuals, may lead to broader restrictions and impairments on our marketing and personalization activities and may negatively impact our efforts to understand users. 
 Furthermore, compliance with legal and contractual obligations requires us to make public statements about our privacy and data security practices, including the statements we make in our online privacy policy. Although we endeavor to comply with these statements, should they prove to be untrue or be perceived as untrue, even through circumstances beyond our reasonable control, we may face litigation, claims, investigations, inquiries or other proceedings by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, state attorneys general and other federal, state and foreign regulators and private litigants alleging violations of privacy or consumer protection laws. 
 Certain requirements from our third-party technology and platform providers could also cause us to modify our offerings or strategy due to privacy concerns or negatively affect our financial performance. For example, the latest versions of Apple iOS require apps in the Apple App Store to opt in to the tracking of users across apps and websites owned by third parties for advertising and measurement purposes. Additionally, Google has announced plans to adopt similar restrictions regarding tracking activity across Android devices. Changes like this could reduce the quality of the data and related metrics that may be collected or used by us and/or our partners. In addition, such changes could inhibit the effectiveness of our targeted advertising and related activities. 
 We are also subject to the Payment Card Industry PCI ), Data Security Standard, which is a security standard designed to protect payment card data as mandated by payment card industry entities. We rely on vendors to handle PCI matters and to ensure PCI compliance. Despite our compliance efforts, we may become subject to claims that we have violated the PCI Data Security Standard, which could subject us to substantial fines and penalties. 
 Any actual or perceived non-compliance with these rapidly changing laws, regulations or standards or our contractual obligations relating to data privacy, data protection and consumer protection by us or the third-party companies we work with could result in litigation and proceedings against us by governmental entities, consumers or others, fines and civil or criminal penalties for us or company officials, obligations to cease offerings or to substantially modify our business in a manner that makes it less effective in certain jurisdictions, negative publicity and harm to our brand and reputation, and 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 reduced overall demand for our products, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Government regulation of the internet and eCommerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could substantially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the internet and eCommerce. Existing and future regulations and laws could impede the growth of the internet, eCommerce or mobile commerce, which could in turn adversely affect our growth. These regulations and laws may involve taxes, tariffs, data privacy and data security, anti-spam, content protection, electronic contracts and communications, customer protection and internet neutrality. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes and customer data privacy apply to the internet as the vast majority of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and do not contemplate or address the unique issues raised by the internet or eCommerce. It is possible that general business regulations and laws, or those specifically governing the internet or eCommerce, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. We cannot be sure that our practices comply fully with all such laws and regulations. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in damage to our reputation, a loss in business and proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, customers, suppliers or others. Any such proceeding or action could hurt our reputation, force us to spend significant amounts in defense of these proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, decrease the use of our website and mobile app by customers and suppliers and may result in the imposition of monetary liabilities. We may also be contractually liable to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences of our own non-compliance with any such laws or regulations. As a result, adverse developments with respect to these laws and regulations could substantially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any failure or inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our brand, weaken our competitive position and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade dress, design patent and other intellectual property laws as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent infringement of these rights by others, including imitation or counterfeiting of our products and misappropriation of our brand. 
 Our success depends in large part on our brand image. We believe that our trademarks, design patents and other intellectual property rights have significant value and are important to differentiating our products from those of our competitors and creating and sustaining demand for our products. We have applied for and obtained certain U.S. and foreign trademark registrations, design patents and design registrations and will continue to evaluate the registration of additional trademarks and designs and the application for additional design patents as appropriate. However, we cannot guarantee that any of our pending trademark or design patent applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities. Moreover, even if our applications are approved, third parties from time to time have, and may in the future, seek to oppose or otherwise challenge these registrations or other of our intellectual property rights. In addition, third parties from time to time have infringed, and may again in the future infringe, on our intellectual property rights. As a result, we from time to time have expended, and may again in the future expend, significant time and resources to defend or enforce our rights. 
 We also currently hold various domain names relating to our brand. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that are confusingly similar to our trademarks, or that otherwise have a negative impact on, the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. For example, we have in the past been the target of, and may in the future be the target of, fraudulent websites with similar domain names or content to our website that attempt to unlawfully divert our customer traffic to such fraudulent websites to defraud our customers. Any inability to prevent these practices could adversely affect our brand and make it more difficult for users to find our website. 
 Additionally, the expansion of our product lines and the geographic scope of our sales and marketing could pose additional intellectual property challenges. For example, certain foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights as fully as they are protected in the United States, and accordingly, intellectual property protection may be limited, or in some circumstances unavailable, in some foreign countries where we choose to do business. Thus, it may be more difficult for us to successfully challenge the use of our intellectual property rights by other parties in these countries. If we fail to 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 protect and maintain our intellectual property rights, the value of our brand could be diminished, and our competitive position may suffer. 
 Our fabrics and manufacturing technology may be imitated by our competitors. 
 We have obtained design patents in the United States and h corresponding industrial design registrations in other countries on certain aspects of some of our product designs, and we have applications pending for additional design patents and industrial design registrations. In addition, our products are made using our proprietary blends of raw materials, fabrics and fabric treatments, which results in products unique to us; however, we do not own the intellectual property rights for the underlying fabric technology, fabrics treatments or fabrics. Our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our products is therefore limited. As a result, our current and future competitors may attempt to imitate our products and fabrics and do so at lower prices. If our competitors are successful in doing so, our net revenues and profitability could suffer. 
 We may incur costs to defend against, face liability for or be vulnerable to intellectual property infringement claims brought against us by others. 
 Third parties may assert claims against us alleging that we infringe upon, misappropriate, dilute or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights, particularly as we expand our business and the number of products we offer. These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. Our defense of any claim, regardless of its merit, could be expensive and time consuming and could divert management resources. We cannot predict the outcome of lawsuits and cannot ensure that the results of any such actions will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Successful infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability or prevent us from selling some of our products. In addition, resolution of claims may require us to redesign or rebrand our products, license rights from third parties, cease using certain brand names or other intellectual property rights altogether or make substantial payments for royalty or license fees, legal fees, settlement payments or other costs or damages. Any of these events could harm our business and cause our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition to suffer. 
 The inability to acquire, use or maintain our marks and domain names for our websites could substantially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently are the registrant of marks for our products in numerous jurisdictions and are the registrant of the internet domain name for the website wearfigs.com, as well as various related domain names. However, we have not registered our marks represented by our domain names in all major international jurisdictions. Domain names generally are regulated by internet regulatory bodies and may not be generally protectable as trademarks in and of themselves. As our business grows, we may incur material costs in connection with the registration, maintenance and protection of our marks. If we do not have or cannot obtain on reasonable terms the ability to use our marks in a particular country, or to use or register our domain name, we could be forced either to incur significant additional expenses to market our products within that country, including the development of a new brand and the creation of new promotional materials and packaging, or to elect not to sell products in that country. Either result could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, the regulations governing domain names and laws protecting marks and similar proprietary rights could change in ways that block or interfere with our ability to use relevant domains or the FIGS brand. Also, we might not be able to prevent third parties from registering, using or retaining domain names that interfere with our customer communications or infringe or otherwise decrease the value of our marks, domain names and other proprietary rights. Regulatory bodies also may establish additional generic or country-code top-level domains or may allow modifications of the requirements for registering, holding or using domain names. As a result, we might not be able to register, use or maintain the domain names that use the name FIGS or wearFIGS in all of the countries and territories in which we currently or intend to conduct business. 
 Risks Related to Other Legal, Regulatory and Tax Matters 
 We may face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 While we have historically transacted in U.S. dollars with our customers, and we currently recognize revenue from sales to international customers in U.S. dollars, we may transact directly and recognize revenue in foreign currencies in the future as we expand offerings and operations internationally. Moreover, our products for sale in foreign countries are 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 priced in the country s local currency based primarily on an applicable currency exchange rate to the U.S. dollar, which we generally review and adjust periodically. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to foreign currencies, prices for customers in foreign countries may be more expensive relative to that of competition in those markets, which may adversely affect our demand. Furthermore, the general purchasing power of customers in international markets is weakened by a stronger U.S. dollar. Certain of our foreign operating expenses are also denominated in the currencies of the countries and territories in which our third-party vendors are located. Accordingly, changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar can affect our net revenues and results of operations. As a result of such foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, it could be more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and results of operations. In addition, to the extent that fluctuations in currency exchange rates cause our results of operations to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors, the trading price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 We do not currently maintain a program to hedge transactional exposures in foreign currencies. However, in the future, we may use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place and may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 
 Any failure to comply with trade, anti-corruption and other regulations could lead to investigations or actions by government regulators and negative publicity. 
 The labeling, distribution, importation, marketing and sale of our products are subject to extensive regulation by various federal agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission, Customer Product Safety Commission and state attorneys general in the United States, the Competition Bureau and Health Canada in Canada, as well as by various other federal, state, provincial, local and international regulatory authorities in the countries in which our products are distributed or sold. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, we could become subject to enforcement actions or the imposition of significant penalties or claims, which could harm our results of operations or our ability to conduct our business. Certain laws, particularly relating to EHS matters, may also impose liability without regard to fault or to the legality of the action at the time of occurrence. Any investigations or inquiries by governmental agencies could result in significant settlement amounts, damages, fines or other penalties, divert financial and management resources and result in significant legal fees. An unfavorable outcome of any particular proceeding could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretation of existing regulations may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and could impair the marketing of our products, resulting in significant loss of net revenues. 
 Our products are predominantly produced by third-party manufacturing and supply partners in foreign countries and territories, including countries and territories perceived to carry an increased risk of corrupt business practices. We are subject to the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and possibly other anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities. These laws prohibit companies and their employees and third-party intermediaries from corruptly promising, authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything of value to foreign government officials, political parties and private-sector recipients for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, directing business to any person or securing any advantage. In addition, U.S. public companies are required to maintain records that accurately and fairly represent their transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. In many foreign countries, including countries in which we may conduct business, it may be a local custom that businesses engage in practices that are prohibited by the FCPA or other applicable laws and regulations. We face significant risks if we or any of our directors, officers, employees, agents or other partners or representatives fail to comply with these laws, and governmental authorities in the United States and elsewhere could seek to impose substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If our employees, contractors and agents, and companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations were to take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, there could be an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any violation of the FCPA, other applicable anti-corruption laws or anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions and, in the case of the FCPA, suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, responding to any enforcement 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 action may result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 Our ability to source and distribute our merchandise profitably or at all could be harmed if new trade restrictions and/or tariffs are imposed or existing trade restrictions become more burdensome. 
 Substantially all of our products are currently manufactured outside of the United States. The United States and the countries in which our products are produced or sold internationally have imposed and may impose additional quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions or regulations, or may adversely adjust prevailing quota, duty or tariff levels. Countries impose, modify and remove tariffs and other trade restrictions in response to a diverse array of factors, including global and national economic and political conditions, which make it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding tariffs and other trade restrictions. For example, the U.S. government has in recent years imposed increased tariffs on imports from certain foreign countries, and any imposition of additional tariffs by the United States could result in the adoption of tariffs by other countries, leading to a global trade war. While the U.S. government s recent tariffs on certain imports from China only affect a small portion of our production, any such future tariffs by the United States or other countries could have a significant impact on our business. 
 We may attempt to renegotiate prices with suppliers or diversify our supply chain in response to tariffs, but such efforts may not yield immediate results or may be ineffective. We might also consider increasing prices to the end customer; however, this could reduce the competitiveness of our products and adversely affect net revenues. If we fail to manage these dynamics successfully, gross margins and profitability could be adversely affected. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, tariffs have not had a material impact on our business, but trade restrictions, including tariffs, quotas, export controls, trade sanctions, embargoes, safeguards and customs restrictions implemented by the United States or other countries, in connection with a trade war or otherwise could increase the cost or reduce the supply of products available to us or may require us to modify our supply chain organization or other current business practices, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Moreover, our products could be held for inspection by CBP, in connection with the U.S. s trade restrictions related to the Xinjiang region of China, or for other reasons, which would cause delays and unexpectedly affect our inventory levels. CBP has also in the past and may in the future challenge or disagree with our classification of our imports, or our valuation or country of origin determinations. While we haven t experienced material tariff liabilities in such instances, such challenges could in the future result in material tariff liabilities, including tariffs on past imports, as well as penalties and interest. 
 Changes in tax laws, including the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, may adversely impact our future financial position and results of operations. Our effective income tax rate could also change as a result of various evolving factors, including changes in the scope of our operations. 
 Net income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, or interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us, any of which could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. For example, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ), which, beginning in 2023, will impose a 1 excise tax on certain publicly traded company stock buybacks. Furthermore, over 140 member jurisdictions of the G20/Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD Inclusive Framework have joined the Two-Pillar Solution to Address the Tax Challenges of the Digitalization of the Economy as part of the OECD s base erosion and profit sharing project BEPS ), which includes a reallocation of taxing rights among market jurisdictions and a global minimum tax rate of 15 which are expected to become effective January 1, 2024. As changes to U.S. federal income tax laws pursuant to the IRA remain subject to additional guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Department of Treasury and the implementation of the BEPS framework remains subject to further negotiation, the extent to which any such changes to tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances will ultimately impact our business is uncertain. 
 To the extent that changes in tax laws have a negative impact on us, our suppliers, manufacturers or our customers (including as a result of the IRA which we are currently evaluating or the timing of the implementation of the global minimum tax rate under BEPS), such changes may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Finally, changes in the scope of our operations, including expansion to new U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions, could increase the amount of taxes to which we are subject (including as a result of the implementation of the global minimum tax rate under BEPS) and our effective tax rate. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 We could be required to collect additional sales taxes that may increase the costs our customers would have to pay for our products and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Following the U.S. Supreme Court s decision in 2018 in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., a state may impose sales tax collection obligations on certain retailers, including eCommerce companies, that lack any physical presence within such state. The Supreme Court s Wayfair decision has removed a significant impediment to the enactment of laws imposing sales tax collection obligations on out-of-state eCommerce companies, and an increasing number of states have adopted such laws. Although we believe that we currently collect sales taxes in all states that require us to do so, a successful assertion by one or more states requiring us to collect sales taxes where we currently do not collect sales taxes, or to collect additional sales taxes in a state in which we currently collect sales taxes, could result in substantial tax liabilities (including penalties and interest). In addition, the imposition of additional sales tax collection obligations, whether for prior years or prospectively, could create additional administrative burdens for us, put us at a competitive disadvantage if similar obligations are not imposed on our competitors and decrease our future sales, which could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 1.4 million and 1.2 million, respectively. Unused U.S. federal net operating losses generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, will not expire and may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal net operating loss carryforwards in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, is limited to 80 of taxable income. Our ability to utilize our federal net operating carryforwards may be limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The limitations apply if we experience an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in the ownership of our equity by certain stockholders over a rolling three-year period. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit the use of our state net operating loss carryforwards. We have previously experienced ownership changes, and although such prior ownership changes have not materially limited our utilization of affected net operating loss carryforwards, future changes in our stock ownership, which may be outside of our control, may trigger an ownership change that materially impacts our ability to utilize pre-change net operating loss carryforwards. In addition, there may be periods during which the use of net operating loss carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited. Accordingly, our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset taxable income may be subject to such limitations or special rules that apply at the state level, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to decline regardless of our operating performance, resulting in substantial losses for investors. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated significantly since our initial public offering IPO ), and may continue to fluctuate in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and results of operations; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; 
 failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates or ratings by any securities analysts who follow our company or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, results of operations or capital commitments; 
 changes in stock market valuations and operating performance of other healthcare and technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 
 changes in our board of directors or management; 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 sales of large blocks of our Class A common stock, including sales by Tulco, LLC s Permitted Transferees, as defined in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our co-founders or our other executive officers or directors; 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; 
 anticipated or actual changes in laws, regulations or government policies applicable to our business; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of debt or equity securities; 
 short sales (or concerted efforts by short sellers to spread negative information in order to gain a market advantage), hedging and other derivative transactions involving our capital stock; 
 general economic conditions in the United States and globally, such as a continued increase in inflation rates or interest rates; 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war (such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine), pandemics (including COVID-19), incidents of terrorism or responses to these events; and 
 the other factors described in this Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The stock market has recently experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. The market prices of securities of companies have experienced fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to their results of operations. Market fluctuations have resulted and could continue to result in extreme volatility in the price of shares of our Class A common stock, which could cause a decline in the value of your investment. Price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of shares of our Class A common stock is low. 
 Furthermore, short sellers may engage in manipulative activity intended to drive down the market price of target company stock. We have in the past been the subject of a short seller report containing certain allegations against us. While we reviewed the allegations in such report and believe them to be unsubstantiated, we may in the future become subject to additional unfavorable reports, which may cause us to expend a significant amount of resources to investigate such allegations and may lead to increased volatility in the price of our Class A common stock. 
 In the past, following periods of volatility, stockholders have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against companies, and such litigation has been filed against us as well. This or future litigation against us could result in substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources, and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our quarterly results of operations have from time to time, and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating and financial performance in any given period does not meet the guidance that we have provided to the public or the expectations of our investors and securities analysts, the trading price of our Class A common stock may decline. 
 Our quarterly results of operations may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond our control. These reasons include those described in these risk factors as well as the following: 
 fluctuations in product mix; 
 our ability to effectively launch and manage new products; 
 fluctuations in the levels or quality of inventory; 
 fluctuations in capacity as we expand our operations; 
 our success in engaging existing customers and attracting new customers; 
 the amount and timing of our operating expenses; 
 the timing and success of new products launches; 
 the impact of competitive developments and our response to those developments; 
 our ability to manage our existing business and future growth; and 
 economic and market conditions, particularly those affecting our industry. 
 Fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations from time to time have caused, and may again in the future cause, those results to fall below the guidance that we have provided to the public or the expectations of our investors and 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 securities analysts, which could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline. Fluctuations in our results could also cause a number of other problems. For example, analysts or investors might change their models for valuing our Class A common stock, we could experience short-term liquidity issues, our ability to retain or attract key personnel may diminish and other unanticipated issues may arise. 
 In addition, we believe that our quarterly results of operations may vary in the future and that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations may not be meaningful. You should not rely on the results of one quarter as an indication of future performance. 
 The dual-class structure of our common stock may adversely affect the trading market for our Class A common stock. 
 We cannot predict whether our dual-class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with dual-class or multi-class share structures in certain of their indexes. In July 2017, S P Dow Jones and FTSE Russell announced changes to their eligibility criteria for the inclusion of shares of public companies on certain indices, including the Russell 2000, the S P 500, the S P MidCap 400 and the S P SmallCap 600, to exclude companies with multiple classes of shares of common stock from being added to these indices. Beginning in 2017, MSCI, a leading stock index provider, opened public consultations on their treatment of no-vote and multi-class structures and temporarily barred new multi-class listings from certain of its indices; however, in October 2018, MSCI announced its decision to include equity securities with unequal voting structures in its indices and to launch a new index that specifically includes voting rights in its eligibility criteria. As a result, our dual-class capital structure makes us ineligible for inclusion in any of these indices, and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track these indices will not be investing in our stock. These policies are still fairly new, and it remains unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of publicly traded companies excluded from the indices in the longer term, but it is possible that they may depress these valuations compared to those of other similar companies that are included. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that other stock indices will not take a similar approach to S P Dow Jones or FTSE Russell in the future. Exclusion from indices could make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors and, as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 Sales, directly or indirectly, of a substantial amount of our Class A common stock in the public markets by our existing security holders may cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock into the public market, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders, or the perception that these sales might occur, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. All of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise or vesting and settlement of equity grants under our equity plans are registered for public resale under the Securities Act and may be resold in the public market, subject, in the case of shares held by our affiliates, to the limitations under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. Further, based on shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, holders of 7,379,039 shares of our common stock have rights, subject to certain conditions, to require us to file registration statements for the public resale of such shares or to include such shares in registration statements that we may file for us or other stockholders. Many of our existing security holders have substantial unrecognized gains on the value of the equity they hold and may take steps to sell their shares or otherwise secure or limit their risk exposure to the value of their unrecognized gains on those shares. We are unable to predict the timing or effect of such sales on the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 The dual-class structure of our common stock and voting agreement among us and our co-founders, Heather Hasson and Trina Spear, Tulco, LLC and Thomas Tull and certain related persons and trusts, have the effect of concentrating voting control with Ms. Hasson, Ms. Spear and Mr. Tull, who together hold the majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock, which may limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors and the approval of any change of control transaction. 
 Our Class B common stock has 20 votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. All outstanding shares of our Class B common stock are held by our co-founders, Mses. Hasson and Spear, who also serve as our Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer, respectively. These holders, along with Thomas Tull, chairman and chief executive officer of Tulco, LLC, represent a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock as of December 31, 2022. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 These stockholders have the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of our directors and the approval of any change of control transaction. In addition, we, Mses. Hasson and Spear, Tulco, LLC, Mr. Tull and certain related persons and trusts are party to a voting agreement with respect to the election of directors. This concentrated control limits or precludes our stockholders ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. In addition, this may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 
 Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers effected for estate planning purposes. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 In connection with our IPO, we, our co-founders, Mses. Hasson and Spear, and Tulco, LLC, and certain related persons and trusts entered into a voting agreement with respect to the election of directors. On March 21, 2022, in connection with a distribution by Tulco, LLC of all shares of the Company s common stock then held by Tulco, LLC to its members on a pro rata basis, and as contemplated by the voting agreement, the existing parties to the voting agreement entered into an amendment and joinder with Thomas Tull, the founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Tulco, LLC and his family trust (together, the Tull Parties ), under which the Tull Parties were acknowledged as permitted transferees under the voting agreement and joined as parties to the voting agreement, with the same rights and obligations as the other investor parties thereto. 
 As a result, Ms. Hasson, Ms. Spear and the Tull Parties together control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock and we are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). Under these rules, a listed company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including: 
 the requirement that a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors; 
 the requirement that our nominating and corporate governance committee be composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; 
 the requirement that our compensation committee be composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 
 the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of our governance and compensation committees. 
 We rely on certain of these exemptions and, as a result, do not have nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees consisting entirely of independent directors. Accordingly, you do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, the price of our Class A common stock and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business, our market and our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts. If few securities analysts cover us, or if industry analysts cease coverage of us, the trading price for our Class A common stock would be negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our Class A common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our Class A common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our Class A common stock could decrease, which might cause our Class A common stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 We do not currently intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business and we do not currently expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Moreover, the terms of our existing credit agreement restrict our ability to pay dividends, and any additional debt we may incur in the future may include similar restrictions. In addition, Delaware law may impose requirements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock. As a result, stockholders must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. As a result, investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our Class A common stock. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and depress the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us or tender offer that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Class A common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. Because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. Among others, these provisions include that: 
 provide for a dual-class common stock structure in which holders of our Class B common stock may have the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 
 restrict the forum for certain litigation against us to Delaware or the federal courts, as applicable; 
 our board of directors has the exclusive right to expand the size of our board of directors and to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
 our board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with each class serving staggered three-year terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors; 
 our stockholders may act by written consent until such time as holders of our Class B common stock beneficially own less than a majority of the voting power, at which time our stockholders will no longer be able to act by written consent and instead must take action at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 
 a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chair of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, or the board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 our board of directors may alter our amended and restated bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval; 
 the required approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors to adopt, amend or repeal our amended and restated bylaws or repeal the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation regarding the election and removal of directors; 
 stockholders must provide advance notice and additional disclosures in order to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company; and 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 our board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer. 
 Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters and the federal district courts of the United States are the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we otherwise consent in writing, (A) (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws (as either may be amended or restated) or as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers exclusive jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (4) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware; and (B) the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive forum provision shall not apply to claims seeking to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, or at all. 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate. Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates, as well as information obtained from internal sources, market research, publicly available information and industry publications. We believe that these sources and estimates are reliable but have not independently verified them and cannot guarantee their accuracy or completeness. They may also not prove to be accurate, including as a result of any of the risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The variables that go into the calculation of our market opportunity are also subject to change over time, and there is no guarantee that any particular number or percentage of addressable customers covered by our market opportunity estimates will purchase our products at all or generate any particular level of net revenues for us. In addition, our ability to expand in any of our target markets depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our products and traditional medical apparel. Even if the markets in which we compete meet the size estimates and growth forecasted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, or at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, our forecasts of market growth should not be taken as indicative of our future growth. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises or other catastrophic events. 
 Our principal offices and our fulfillment center are located in Southern California, an area which has a history of earthquakes, and are thus vulnerable to damage. Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, wildfires, hurricanes, tornadoes, storms, droughts, floods and other adverse weather and climate conditions; unforeseen public health crises, such as epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; political crises, such as terrorist attacks, war and other political instability; or other catastrophic events, whether occurring in the United States or internationally, could disrupt our operations in any of our offices and fulfillment center or the operations of one or more of our third-party providers or vendors. Certain of these events may become more frequent or intense due to climate change. Climate change may also contribute to chronic changes in the physical environment, such as changes in ambient temperature and precipitation patterns as well as sea-level rise, which may also have adverse impacts on our operations. In particular, these and other types of catastrophic events could impact our merchandise supply chain, including the ability of third parties to manufacture and ship merchandise and our ability to ship products to customers from or to the impacted region, or generally. For example, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted global supply chains and from time to time caused challenges to logistics, including causing ocean freight reliability and capacity issues, increased volatility in ocean freight transit times, port congestion, increased ocean and air freight rates, labor shortages and ocean freight delays. As a result, certain of our ocean freight providers, as well as some of our suppliers and manufacturers, have from time to time experienced delays and shutdowns, and could experience delays and shutdowns again in the future. 
 An increase in the frequency of such events may result in changes to the cost and availability of insurance. In addition, these types of events could negatively impact customer spending in the impacted regions or globally. To the extent any of these events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to periodic claims and litigation that could result in unexpected expenses and could ultimately be resolved against us. 
 We have been, are and may in the future become involved in litigation and other proceedings, including matters related to commercial disputes, product liability, intellectual property, trade, customs laws and regulations, employment, regulatory compliance, securities and other claims related to our business. See Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about our legal proceedings. While we intend to vigorously defend against such claims, these or any other proceeding or audit could result in significant settlement amounts, damages, fines, penalties or other relief such as an injunction, divert financial and management resources and result in significant legal fees. An unfavorable outcome of any particular proceeding could exceed the limits of our insurance policies, or our insurance carriers may decline to fund such final settlements or judgments or all or part of the legal costs associated with the proceeding, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any such proceeding could negatively impact our brand equity and our reputation. 
 Our insurance may not provide adequate coverage against claims. 
 Our operations may expose us to product liability claims and litigation or regulatory actions relating to personal injury. We believe that we maintain insurance customary for businesses of our size and type. However, there are types of losses we may incur that cannot or may not be insured against or that we believe are not economically reasonable to insure. Moreover, any loss incurred could exceed policy limits and policy payments made to us may not be made on a timely basis. In addition, some of our agreements with our suppliers may not indemnify us from product liability for a particular supplier s merchandise or our suppliers may not have sufficient resources or insurance to satisfy their indemnity and defense obligations. 
 We incur significant additional costs as a result of being a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 
 We incur significant costs associated with corporate governance requirements that are applicable to us as a public company, including rules and regulations of the SEC, under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Customer Protection Act of 2010, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as well as the rules of the NYSE. These rules and regulations significantly increase our accounting, legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 more time consuming. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the timing of such costs. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we lost our status as an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act and as such, we no longer are entitled to rely on exemptions from certain compliance requirements that are applicable to companies that are emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation. As a public company without emerging growth company status, we are required to increase our disclosures in periodic reports, proxy statements and other SEC filings compared to our historical filings. These increased disclosure requirements may place a burden on our financial and management resources. If our additional disclosures in future SEC filings are perceived as insufficient or inadequate by investors or regulatory authorities, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to actions by stockholders or regulatory authorities. 
 We also expect these rules and regulations to make it more expensive for us to maintain directors and officers liability insurance. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. In addition, our management team needs to devote substantial attention to interacting with public company analysts and investors and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies, which may divert attention away from the day-to-day management of our business. Increases in costs incurred or diversion of management s attention as a result of being a publicly traded company may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could fall below the expectations of our investors and securities analysts, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as discussed in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, net revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our reported financial results may be negatively impacted by changes in GAAP. 
 GAAP is subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. FASB has in the past issued new or revised accounting standards that superseded existing guidance and significantly impacted the reporting of financial results. Any future change in GAAP principles or interpretations could also have a significant effect on our reported financial results and may even affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. It is difficult to predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles or our accounting policies, any of which could negatively affect our reported results of operations. 
 We are obligated to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and any failure to maintain effective internal controls may cause investors to lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our reported financial information and the market price of our Class A common stock may be negatively affected. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in our internal controls, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 ). Section 404 also requires that we provide a management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, including disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, because we are no longer an emerging growth company as of December 31, 2022, Section 404 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 also requires our independent registered public accounting firm to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis, starting with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our compliance with Section 404 requires significant documentation, testing and possible remediation, requiring us to incur substantial costs and expend significant management efforts. We have engaged outside consultants, and have hired accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge needed to maintain the system and process documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. 
 In connection with the implementation of the necessary procedures and practices related to internal control over financial reporting, we may identify deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition, we may encounter problems or delays in completing the remediation of any deficiencies identified by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with the issuance of their attestation report. Our testing, or the subsequent testing (if required) by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. 
 If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, our management will be unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may conclude that there are material weaknesses with respect to our internal controls or the level at which our internal controls are documented, designed, implemented or reviewed. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm were to express an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting because we had one or more material weaknesses, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial disclosures, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. Internal control deficiencies could also result in a restatement of our financial results in the future or restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. We have designed our disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available or may be available only by diluting existing stockholders. 
 We intend to continue making investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to support this growth. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the timing and extent of international expansion efforts and other growth initiatives, the expansion of our marketing activities and overall economic conditions. To the extent that current and anticipated future sources of liquidity are insufficient to fund our future business activities and requirements, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. In addition, we may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited, and our business and prospects could fail or be adversely affected. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to effectively and efficiently address environmental, sustainability and social matters could adversely impact us. 
 There has been increasing public focus on a variety of environmental, social and governance ESG matters affecting public companies. Expectations regarding voluntary ESG initiatives and disclosures may result in increased costs (including but not limited to increased costs related to compliance, stakeholder engagement, contracting and insurance), changes in demand for certain products, enhanced compliance or disclosure obligations, or other adverse impacts to our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 While we may at times engage in voluntary initiatives (such as voluntary disclosures, certifications or goals, among others) to improve the ESG profile of our company and/or products, such initiatives or achievements of such commitments may be costly and may not have the desired effect. For example, expectations around our management of ESG matters continues to evolve rapidly, in many instances due to factors that are out of our control. In addition, we may commit to certain initiatives or goals, and we may not ultimately be able to achieve such commitments or goals due to factors that are within or outside of our control. Moreover, statements that we may make or actions that we may take based on expectations, assumptions or third-party information that we believe to be reasonable may subsequently be determined to be erroneous or be subject to misinterpretation. Even if this is not the case, our statements or actions may subsequently be determined to be insufficient by various stakeholders, and we may be subject to investor or regulator scrutiny on our ESG initiatives and disclosures, even if such initiatives were voluntary. 
 Further, certain market participants, including major institutional investors and capital providers, use third-party benchmarks and scores to assess companies ESG profiles in making investment or voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings could lead to negative investor sentiment towards us, which could negatively impact our share price as well as our access to and cost of capital. To the extent ESG matters negatively impact our reputation, it may also impede our ability to compete effectively to attract and retain employees or customers, which may adversely impact our operations. 
 In addition, we expect there will be increasing levels of regulation, disclosure-related and otherwise, with respect to ESG matters. For example, the SEC has proposed rules that would require companies to provide significantly expanded climate-related disclosures in their periodic reporting, which may require us to incur significant additional costs to comply with, including the implementation of significant additional internal controls regarding matters that have not been subject to such controls in the past, and which may impose increased oversight obligations on our management and board of directors. These and other changes in stakeholder expectations may also lead to increased costs and scrutiny that could heighten all of the risks identified in this risk factor. Additionally, many of our suppliers may be subject to similar expectations, which may augment or create additional risks. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We are headquartered in Santa Monica, California, where we lease office space under lease and sublease agreements that expire in 2030 and 2026, respectively. We designed, built and use this location for product innovation and design, content creation, technology, customer experience and for general office use. We also maintain dedicated photo studio space at this location. 
 We also operate an embroidery workshop within our dedicated warehouse space at a third-party logistics provider s location in City of Industry, California, which we lease pursuant to a services agreement. We also maintain warehouse space with other third-party logistics providers pursuant to service agreements. 
 We believe that these facilities are sufficient to meet our current and anticipated future needs and that suitable additional space will be available as needed to accommodate expansion of our operations. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 On February 22, 2019, Strategic Partners, Inc. SPI ), filed an action against us (later naming each of our Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer (the Founders in Los Angeles County Superior Court, in which SPI alleged, among other things, false advertising, unfair business practices, untrue and misleading advertising, intentional interference with prospective economic relations, conversion and breach of fiduciary duty. The case was removed to the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California (the Central District in March 2019. On September 3, 2019, SPI filed an additional action against the Founders (later naming us) in Los Angeles County Superior Court covering the same 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 subject matter as the previously filed federal action; this later state court action was stayed until the conclusion of the Central District action. On August 10, 2021, the Central District partially granted our motion for judgment on the pleadings, dismissing without leave to amend certain of SPI s claims for unfair business practices and the entirety of SPI s claims for conversion, breach of fiduciary and aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty. Trial on the false advertising claims concluded on November 3, 2022, with the jury rendering a verdict fully in favor of FIGS, rejecting SPI s claims and finding that FIGS did not engage in false advertising. On February 22, 2023, the parties entered into a settlement agreement. As part of that settlement agreement, on February 22, 2023, SPI dismissed all litigation with prejudice and neither party was obligated to make any payments or assume any other obligations to the other (except for administrative obligations required by the settlement agreement). 
 On November 1, 2021, Miracle Ventures I, LP Miracle Ventures ), a former FIGS stockholder, filed a complaint against us and the Founders in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, in which Miracle Ventures alleged causes of action for breach of fiduciary duty and fraud in connection with its decision to sell its shares of FIGS common stock to another FIGS stockholder in June 2017. On March 3, 2022, we filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On November 1, 2022, the court granted our motion and dismissed the amended complaint, granting Miracle Ventures leave to attempt to replead only its breach of fiduciary claim. Miracle Ventures has since filed a second amended complaint, and a motion to dismiss that complaint is currently pending. 
 On November 1, 2022, a putative class action complaint was filed against us and certain of our executive officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. The complaint alleges, among other things, violations of the Securities Act and Exchange Act for allegedly making false and misleading statements with respect to our use of air freight, supply chain, repeat customers and outlook between our initial public offering in May 2021 and May 2022. An additional putative class action complaint was filed against us, certain of our executive officers and directors, stockholders and the underwriters to our IPO, in the United States District Court for the Central District of California on December 8, 2022, alleging factual allegations similar to the previously referenced purported class action. On February 14, 2023, the court consolidated the two complaints and appointed lead plaintiffs. The complaints seek unspecified compensatory damages, other equitable relief, and attorneys fees and costs. 
 We believe the claims asserted in the forgoing cases are without basis or merit, and we intend to continue to vigorously defend against such claims; however, we cannot be certain of the outcome of our ongoing proceedings and, if determined adversely to us, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 In addition to the matters described above, from time to time, we have been and may become subject to arbitration, litigation or claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The results of any current or future claims or proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and litigation costs, diversion of management resources, reputational harm and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FIGS on May 27, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our Class A common stock. 
 Our Class B common stock is not listed or traded on any stock exchange. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were 15 registered holders of our Class A common stock and 7 registered holders of our Class B common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We do not expect to pay dividends on our capital stock for the foreseeable future. Instead, we anticipate that all of our earnings for the foreseeable future will be used for the operation and growth of our business. Any future determination to declare cash dividends would be subject to the discretion of our board of directors and would depend upon various factors, including our operating results, financial condition, capital requirements, and restrictions that may be imposed by applicable law or contract, and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total return on our Class A common stock with the cumulative total return from the NYSE Composite Index and the S P 500 Apparel, Accessories Luxury Goods Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 at the market close on May 27, 2021, which was our initial trading day, in each of our Class A common stock, the NYSE Composite Index and the S P 500 Apparel, Accessories Luxury Goods Index, and the reinvestment of dividends, if any. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On June 1, 2021, we completed our IPO. All shares sold were registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255797) (as amended, the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC on May 26, 2021. 
 The net proceeds from our IPO have been invested in investment grade, interest-bearing instruments. There has been no material change in the expected use of the net proceeds from our IPO as described in our Registration Statement. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and other factors set forth in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 has been reported previously in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022, under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to celebrate, empower and serve those who serve others. 
 We are a founder-led, direct-to-consumer healthcare apparel and lifestyle brand that seeks to celebrate, empower and serve current and future generations of healthcare professionals. We are committed to helping this growing, global community of professionals, whom we refer to as Awesome Humans, look, feel and perform at their best 24/7, 365 days a year. We create technically advanced apparel and products that feature an unmatched combination of comfort, durability, function and style, all at an affordable price. In doing so, we have redefined what scrubs are giving rise to our tag-line: why wear scrubs, when you can #wearFIGS? 
 We have revolutionized the large and fragmented healthcare apparel market. We branded a previously unbranded industry and de-commoditized a previously commoditized product elevating scrubs and creating premium products for healthcare professionals. Most importantly, we built a community and lifestyle around a profession. As a result, we have become the industry s category-defining healthcare apparel and lifestyle brand. 
 We sell products purposefully designed to serve the particular needs of healthcare professionals primarily through a convenient direct-to-consumer DTC digital platform, consisting of our website and mobile app. Our offerings include scrubwear and non-scrubwear, such as lab coats, underscrubs, outerwear, loungewear, compression socks, footwear and other lifestyle apparel. We primarily design all of our products in-house, leverage third-party suppliers and manufacturers to produce our product components and finished products, and generally utilize shallow initial buys and data-driven repurchasing decisions to test new products. We directly and actively coordinate and supervise every step of our product development and production process to ensure that our extremely high quality standards are met. We also have a dynamic merchandising model due to the largely non-discretionary, replenishment-driven nature of scrubwear, we maintain lessened inventory risk driven by a relatively high volume of repeat purchases and a focus on our core scrubs offerings. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2.3 million active customers. Our customers come to us through word of mouth referrals, as well as through our data-driven brand and performance marketing efforts. See the section titled Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition of active customers. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, we had the following results compared to the comparable periods in 2021: 
 Expanded our community of active customers by 22.5 from approximately 1.9 million at December 31, 2021 to approximately 2.3 million at December 31, 2022; 
 Net revenues increased from 419.6 million to 505.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 representing 20.6 year-over-year growth; 
 Gross margin decreased 1.7 percentage points from 71.8 to 70.1 in the year ended December 31, 2022; 
 Net income (loss) increased from (9.6) million to 21.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022; 
 Net income (loss) margin increased from (2.3) to 4.2 in the year ended December 31, 2022; 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased from 105.2 million to 87.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an Adjusted EBITDA Margin of 17.2 ; 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Cash flows from operating activities decreased from 66.4 million to (35.3) million in the year ended December 31, 2022; and 
 Free cash flow decreased from 63.7 million to (40.7) million in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 See the section titled Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures for information regarding Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin and free cash flow, including a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 COVID-19 and Macroeconomic Update 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the global macroeconomic environment continued to negatively impact global supply chains and cause challenges to logistics, including elevated ocean freight transit times and elevated ocean and air freight rates. Beginning in the second half of the year, we began to see sequential improvements in ocean freight rates, transit times, reliability and capacity, compared to the first half of the year. 
 In the quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we continued to take measures to mitigate the impact of global supply chain challenges, as we sought to continue to timely and cost effectively fulfill orders and ship products to our customers. In the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we utilized air freight to a lesser extent than we did during the prior year period. We did, however, incur elevated ocean freight expense as we sold through inventory previously inbounded during periods of higher ocean freight rates, which increased our cost of goods sold compared to the prior year period. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we utilized more expensive air freight relatively consistently throughout the year, and experienced elevated ocean freight rates, which increased our cost of goods sold year over year. Although ocean freight rates improved in the fourth quarter, we may continue to contend with elevated ocean freight expense and air freight rates, and we may continue to use air freight and incur air freight expense from time to time as supply chain challenges further normalize. 
 In the quarter and year ended December 31, 2022, we also continued to experience elevated inventory on hand, as a result of improvements in ocean transit times and sales below our expectations earlier in the year, which in turn resulted in increased costs associated with storing such inventory. We are continuing to work to address our increased inventory by adjusting future inventory purchases accordingly. Nevertheless, because approximately 85 of our production in 2022 utilized our main scrubwear fabric technology FIONx and a substantial amount of our revenue is generated by our core scrubwear styles in core colors, which are in demand year-round, we can hold greater inventory without significant risk of obsolescence or exposure to seasonality, and are generally able to time the sourcing of our product components and manufacture of our core scrubwear styles in core colors without being solely dependent on cyclical demand trends. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, we saw sales growth moderate due to frequency trends softening, which continued through the fourth quarter. We believe this was due in part to adverse macroeconomic factors such as sustained inflationary pressures on consumer spending, which continues to impact our customers. While we believe our largely non-discretionary, replenishment-driven business model is resilient in challenging macroeconomic environments, we expect current macroeconomic pressures to affect our results of operations in the near term. 
 We continue to monitor the impacts of current macroeconomic conditions. An economic slowdown or recession, financial market volatility, changes in the labor market, geopolitical tensions, continuing supply chain disruptions, a reduction in consumer spending or an inability for our suppliers, vendors or other parties with whom we do business to meet their contractual obligations, could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe that our performance and future success depend on a number of factors that present significant opportunities for us. These factors also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Brand Awareness and Loyalty 
 Our ability to promote and maintain brand awareness and loyalty is critical to our success. We have a significant opportunity to continue to grow our brand awareness and loyalty through word of mouth, brand marketing and 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 performance marketing. We have made significant investments to strengthen the FIGS brand through our marketing strategy, which includes brand marketing campaigns across platforms, including email, digital, display, site, direct-mail, commercials, social media and ambassadors, as well as performance marketing efforts, including retargeting, paid search and product listing advertisements, paid social media advertisements, search engine optimization, personalized email and mobile push notifications through our app. We plan to continue to invest in our brand and performance marketing to help drive our future growth. 
 Net Revenues per Active Customer 
 We believe net revenues per active customer is important to understanding our engagement and retention of our customers, and as such demonstrating the value we provide for our customer base. We calculate net revenues per active customer as the total net revenues for a specified time period divided by the number of active customers during that same time period. Through our differentiated core products, limited edition color and style releases and non-scrubwear products, we have repeatedly drawn customers back to our digital platform. As we continue to expand our products to fully outfit the medical professional, we believe we have a significant opportunity to continue to expand our share of both the uniform and lifestyle wardrobe of our customers and to increase our net revenues per active customer over time. Our future growth will depend in part on our ability to increase our net revenues per active customer. 
 Customer Acquisition Cost 
 Our business performance depends in part on our continued ability to cost-effectively acquire new customers. We define customer acquisition cost CAC ), as performance and brand marketing expense attributable to both new customer acquisition and repeat customer retention in a period divided by the customers acquired during that same period. We believe we exhibit efficient CAC through strategic investments in performance marketing, such as retargeting, paid search and product listing advertisements, paid social media advertisements, search engine optimization, personalized email and mobile push notifications through our app, and through strong brand awareness driven largely through word of mouth. 
 Customer Retention and Engagement 
 Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain, and drive repeat purchases from, our existing customers. We monitor retention across our entire customer base. Our goal is to attract and convert visitors into active customers and foster relationships that drive repeat purchases. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2.3 million active customers, up from approximately 1.9 million active customers as of December 31, 2021. Over the last four years, we have consistently achieved robust net revenues from repeat customers while also maintaining a healthy level of new customer acquisitions. These newly acquired customers frequently make one or more repeat purchase in the same year, which is supplemented by the embedded growth from prior-year cohorts customers who continue to purchase from us. 
 The share of our net revenues from customers who have made a previous purchase with us in a prior year reflects our customer loyalty and the net revenues retention behavior we see in our cohorts. The contribution from repeat customers is reflective of our ability to engage and retain our customers through our differentiated product offerings, community-driven brand and customized customer experience, which is important for our results of operations. This cohort behavior demonstrates our ability to not only retain customers, but also to drive our customers spend as they place repeat orders. 
 Inventory Management 
 We leverage our technology to buy and manage our inventory, including product assortment and fulfillment center optimization. We generally make shallow initial inventory buys and then use data-driven repurchasing decisions to test new products, which allows us to manage inventory risk. To ensure sufficient availability of merchandise, we generally purchase inventory in advance and, because approximately 85 of our production utilizes our main scrubwear fabric technology FIONx (in 2022), and a substantial amount of our revenue is generated by our core scrubwear styles in core colors, which are in demand year-round, we can hold greater inventory without significant risk of obsolescence or exposure to seasonality. 
 Nevertheless, we are still vulnerable to demand and pricing shifts and to suboptimal selection and timing of merchandise purchases. Moreover, our inventory investments will fluctuate with the needs of our business. For example, entering new locations and expanding to new categories require additional investments in inventory. Shifts in inventory levels may result in fluctuations in the percentage of full price sales, levels of markdowns, merchandise mix, as well as gross margin. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 In the quarter and year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced higher than expected inventory receipts, inventory on hand, and increased costs associated with storing such inventory, as a result of softer sales trends due to adverse macroeconomic factors and improvements in ocean transit times. We have taken action to address our increased inventory, but we may not be able to respond quickly enough to adjust our inventory position accordingly, which may have an adverse impact on our operating results. 
 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Net Revenues 
 Net revenues consist of sales of healthcare apparel, footwear and other products primarily through our digital platform. We recognize product sales at the time control is transferred to the customer, which is when the product is shipped to the customer. Net revenues represent the sale of these items and shipping revenue, net of estimated returns and discounts. Net revenues are primarily driven by the growth in the number of active customers, the frequency with which customers purchase and the average order value AOV ). 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold consists principally of the cost of purchased merchandise and includes import duties and other taxes, freight-in, defective merchandise returned by customers, inventory write-offs and other miscellaneous shrinkage. Our cost of goods sold has and may continue to fluctuate with the cost of the raw materials used in our products and freight costs. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 We define gross profit as net revenues less cost of goods sold. Gross margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of net revenues. Our gross margin has fluctuated historically and may continue to fluctuate from period to period based on a number of factors, including the timing and mix of the product offerings we sell as well as our ability to reduce costs, in any given period. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist of selling, marketing and general and administrative expenses. 
 Selling 
 Selling expenses represent the costs incurred for fulfillment, selling and distribution. Fulfillment expenses consist of costs incurred in operating and staffing a third-party fulfillment center, including costs associated with inspecting and warehousing inventories and picking, packaging and preparing customer orders for shipment. Selling and distribution expenses consist primarily of shipping and other transportation costs incurred in delivering merchandise to customers and from customers returning merchandise, merchant processing fees and packaging. We expect fulfillment, selling and distribution costs to increase in absolute dollars as we increase our net revenues. 
 Marketing 
 Marketing expenses consist primarily of online performance marketing costs, such as retargeting, paid search and product listing advertisements, paid social media advertisements, search engine optimization, personalized email and mobile push notifications through our app. Marketing expenses also include our spend on brand marketing channels, including billboards, podcasts, commercials, photo and video shoot development, expenses associated with our Ambassador Program and other forms of online and offline marketing. We expect our marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to grow our business. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs, including salaries, bonuses, benefits, stock-based compensation, other related costs and other general overhead, including certain third-party consulting and contractor expenses, certain facilities costs, software expenses, legal expenses and recruiting fees. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to grow our business. We also anticipate 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 that we will continue to incur significant additional legal, accounting, insurance, investor relations and other expenses to support our operations as a public company, including costs associated with our compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 Other Income (Loss), Net 
 Other income (loss), net consists of interest income or expense associated with debt financing arrangements, amortization of debt issuance costs and interest income earned on investments, as well as gain or loss on foreign currency, primarily driven by payment to vendors for amounts not denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Our provision for income taxes consists of an estimate of federal and state income taxes based on enacted federal and state tax rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions and uncertain tax positions. 
 Seasonality 
 Unlike the traditional apparel industry, the healthcare apparel industry is generally not seasonal in nature. However, due to our historical pattern of sequential growth, as well as our decision to conduct select promotions during the holiday season, we historically have generated a higher proportion of net revenues, and incurred higher selling and marketing expenses, during the fourth quarter of the year compared to other quarters, and we expect these trends to continue. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table sets forth information comparing the components of our results of operations for the periods indicated and our results of operations as a percentage of net revenues for the periods presented. 
 Year ended December 31, Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 (in thousands) (as a percentage of net revenues) Net revenues 505,835 419,591 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold 151,375 118,370 29.9 28.2 Gross profit 354,460 301,221 70.1 71.8 Operating expenses Selling 118,449 81,923 23.4 19.5 Marketing 77,692 58,713 15.4 14.0 General and administrative (1) 
 120,653 149,602 23.9 35.7 Total operating expenses 316,794 290,238 62.6 69.2 Net income from operations 37,666 10,983 7.4 2.6 Other income (loss), net 1,061 (1,124) 0.2 (0.3) Net income before provision for income taxes 38,727 9,859 7.7 2.3 Provision for income taxes 17,541 19,415 3.5 4.6 Net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) 21,186 (9,556) 4.2 (2.3) 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense of 37.5 million and 81.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Net Revenues 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net revenues 505,835 419,591 20.6 
 Net revenues increased by 86.2 million, or 20.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year. The increase in net revenues was primarily driven by an increase in orders from existing and new customers and, to a lesser extent, an increase in AOV. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Cost of goods sold 151,375 118,370 27.9 Gross profit 354,460 301,221 17.7 Gross margin 70.1 71.8 (170) bps 
 Cost of goods sold increased by 33.0 million, or 27.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year. This increase was primarily due to a higher total number of orders in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 Gross profit increased by 53.2 million, or 17.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase in the total number of orders. 
 Gross margin decreased 1.7 percentage points for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year. The decrease in gross margin was primarily related to higher mix of promotional sales and, to a lesser extent, an increase in freight-in due to elevated ocean freight rates and product mix shift. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Operating expenses: Selling 118,449 81,923 44.6 Marketing 77,692 58,713 32.3 General and administrative 120,653 149,602 (19.4) Total operating expenses 316,794 290,238 9.1 
 Operating expenses increased by 26.6 million, or 9.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year and, as a percentage of net revenues, decreased by 6.6 percentage points, primarily driven by a decrease in general and administrative expense as described below. 
 Selling expense increased by 36.5 million, or 44.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year and, as a percentage of net revenues, increased by 3.9 percentage points. The increase in selling expense as a percentage of net revenues was primarily due to higher fulfillment expenses, including increased storage costs and, to a lesser extent, higher shipping expense as a result of rate increases. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing expense increased by 19.0 million, or 32.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year and, as a percentage of net revenues, increased by 1.4 percentage points. The increase in marketing expense as a percentage of net revenues was primarily due to increased investment in brand marketing, including increased investments in our Ambassador Program and commercials. 
 General and administrative expense decreased by 28.9 million, or 19.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year and, as a percentage of net revenues, decreased by 11.8 percentage points. The decrease in general and administrative expense as a percentage of net revenues was primarily due to a decrease in stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by increased public company costs. 
 Other Income (Loss), Net 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Other income (loss), net 1,061 (1,124) 194.4 
 Other income (loss), net increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase in our interest income driven by higher interest rates. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Provision for income taxes 17,541 19,415 (9.7) 
 Provision for income taxes decreased by 1.9 million, or 9.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in non-deductible items including stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 Key Operating Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We report our financial results in accordance with GAAP. In addition to the measures presented in our financial statements, we use the following key operational and business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, develop financial forecasts and make strategic decisions. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin and free cash flow, are useful in evaluating our performance. Our non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as substitutes for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Active Customers, Net Revenues per Active Customer, and Average Order Value 
 The number of active customers is an important indicator of our growth as it reflects the reach of our digital platform, our brand awareness and overall value proposition. We define an active customer as a unique customer account that has made at least one purchase in the preceding 12-month period. In any particular period, we determine our number of active customers by counting the total number of customers who have made at least one purchase in the preceding 12-month period, measured from the last date of such period. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Active customers 2,294 1,872 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 We believe measuring net revenues per active customer is important to understanding our engagement and retention of customers, and as such, our value proposition for our customer base. We define net revenues per active customer as the sum of total net revenues in the preceding twelve month period divided by the current period active customers. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Net revenues per active customer 221 224 
 We define AOV as the sum of the total net revenues in a given period divided by the total orders placed in that period. Total orders are the summation of all completed individual purchase transactions in a given period. We believe our relatively high average order value demonstrates the premium nature of our product. As we expand into and increase our presence in additional product categories and price points as well as expand internationally, AOV may fluctuate. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average order value 112 105 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted to exclude: other income (loss), net; gain/loss on disposal of assets; provision for income taxes; depreciation and amortization expense; stock-based compensation and related expense; transaction costs; and expenses related to non-ordinary course disputes. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated by dividing Adjusted EBITDA by net revenues. 
 Management believes that excluding certain non-cash items and items that may vary substantially in frequency and magnitude period-to-period from net income provides useful supplemental measures that assist in evaluating our ability to generate earnings, provide consistency and comparability with our past financial performance and facilitate period-to-period comparisons of our core operating results as well as the results of our peer companies. 
 There are several limitations related to the use of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin as analytical tools, including: 
 other companies may calculate Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin differently, which reduces their usefulness as a comparative measure; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect other income (loss), net; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect any gain or loss on disposal of assets; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect our tax provision, which reduces cash available to us; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect recurring, non-cash expenses of depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and, although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect the impact of stock-based compensation expense; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect transaction costs; and 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect expenses related to non-ordinary course disputes. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reflects a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly comparable financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP and presents Adjusted EBITDA Margin with net income (loss) margin, the most directly comparable financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands, except margin) Net income (loss) 21,186 (9,556) Add (deduct): Other income (loss), net (1,061) 1,124 Provision for income taxes 17,541 19,415 Depreciation and amortization expense (1) 
 1,924 1,424 Stock-based compensation and related expense (2) 
 37,533 83,516 Transaction costs 1,139 Expenses related to non-ordinary course disputes (3) 
 10,128 8,183 Adjusted EBITDA 87,251 105,245 Net Revenue 505,835 419,591 Net income (loss) margin (4) 
 4.2 (2.3) Adjusted EBITDA Margin 17.2 25.1 
 (1) Excludes amortization of debt issuance costs included in Other income (loss), net. 
 (2) Includes stock-based compensation expense and payroll taxes related to equity award activity. 
 (3) Represents legal fees incurred in connection with certain of the litigation claims described in the section titled Legal Proceedings appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (4) Net income (loss) margin represents net income (loss) as a percentage of net revenues. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 We calculate free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities reduced by capital expenditures, including purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software development costs. We believe free cash flow is a useful measure of liquidity and an additional basis for assessing our ability to generate cash. There are limitations related to the use of free cash flow as an analytical tool, including: other companies may calculate free cash flow differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure; and free cash flow does reflect our future contractual commitments and it does not represent the total residual cash flow for a given period. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (35,329) 66,437 Less: capital expenditures (5,348) (2,712) Free cash flow (40,677) 63,725 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 159.8 million and 195.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, respectively. Since inception, we have financed operations primarily through cash flows from operating activities, the sale of our capital stock and borrowings under credit facilities. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 We completed our IPO in June 2021 by issuing 4,636,364 shares of our Class A common stock at a price to the public of 22.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds to us of 95.1 million, after deducting the underwriting discount and commissions of 6.1 million and deferred offering expenses of 0.8 million, net of reimbursements. The Company incurred a total of 8.7 million of expenses, before reimbursements, in connection with the IPO. 
 In December 2020, we entered into a credit agreement with J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., providing for a revolving credit facility in an initial amount of up to 50.0 million (the 2020 Facility ). On September 7, 2021, we terminated the 2020 Facility. 
 In September 2021, we entered into a credit agreement with Bank of America, N.A. providing for a revolving credit facility in an amount of up to 100.0 million (as amended, the 2021 Facility ). The 2021 Facility will mature in September 2026. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding borrowings under the 2021 Facility (other than 4.4 million of outstanding letters of credit) and available borrowings of 95.6 million. 
 See Note 8 to our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding the 2021 Facility. 
 Our cash requirements have primarily been for working capital and capital expenditures. We believe that existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and available borrowings under our 2021 Facility, if needed, will be sufficient to support our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
 Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the timing and extent of international expansion efforts and other growth initiatives, the expansion of our marketing activities and overall economic conditions. To the extent that current and anticipated future sources of liquidity are insufficient to fund our future business activities and cash requirements, we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. The sale of additional equity would result in additional dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of additional debt financing would result in debt service obligations and the instruments governing such debt could provide for operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. There can be no assurances that we will be able to raise additional capital when needed or on terms acceptable to us. The inability to raise capital if needed would adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. 
 Historical Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (35,329) 66,437 Net cash used in investing activities (5,848) (2,712) Net cash provided by financing activities 3,522 75,572 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (37,655) 139,297 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash (used in) provided by operating activities consist primarily of net income adjusted for certain items including depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense and the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
 Cash (used in) provided by operating activities decreased by 101.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period last year. The decrease in operating cash flows was due to a net change in operating assets and liabilities of 94.7 million primarily driven by higher inventory purchases of 55.6 million, the timing of payments against accrued expenses of 16.5 million, the timing of income tax payments of 8.4 million, and the timing of cash collections related to accounts receivable of 7.8 million during the period. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities relates to capital expenditures and other investing activities. 
 Cash used in investing activities of 5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 3.1 million as compared to the same period last year. 
 Capital expenditures during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were primarily related to capitalized software development costs, purchases of machinery and equipment, and purchases of computer equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities consists primarily of proceeds and payments related to transactions involving our common stock, borrowings, and fees associated with our existing line of credit. 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily attributable to proceeds from stock option exercises. 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 75.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was attributable to proceeds from our IPO of 95.9 million, capital contributions of 1.3 million and proceeds from stock option exercises of 0.9 million, partially offset by tax payments related to net share settlements on restricted stock units of 21.6 million. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our most significant contractual obligations relate to purchase commitments on inventory and operating lease obligations on our facilities. See Note 10 to our audited financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our contractual obligations and commitments. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in those financial statements and accompanying notes. Although we believe that the estimates we use are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results reported in future periods could differ from those estimates. We believe that the following accounting estimates are those that involve the most significant level of estimation uncertainty. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of our operations. See Note 2 to our audited financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our other significant accounting policies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our primary source of revenues is from sales of healthcare apparel, footwear and other products primarily through our digital platform. 
 We determine revenue recognition through the following steps in accordance with Topic 606, which we adopted effective January 1, 2018: 
 identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; 
 identification of the performance obligations in the contract; 
 determination of the transaction price; 
 allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 
 recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 
 Revenue is recognized upon shipment when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Our revenue is reported net of sales returns and discounts. We estimate our liability for product returns based on historical 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 return trends and an evaluation of current economic and market conditions. We record the expected customer refund liability as a reduction to revenue, and the expected inventory right of recovery as a reduction of cost of goods sold. If actual return costs differ from previous estimates, the amount of the liability and corresponding revenue are adjusted in the period in which such costs occur. 
 Other than the determination of returns reserve discussed above, there is not significant judgement required in the determination of performance obligations, allocation of our sales price, or the recognition of revenue. See Note 2 to our audited financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We have granted stock-based awards consisting primarily of stock options and restricted stock units RSUs to employees, non-employee directors, and consultants. We measure and recognize stock-based compensation expense for all stock option awards granted to employees and non-employees based on their estimated fair values as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Our use of the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted requires the input of various assumptions. The following range of assumptions was used to estimate the fair value of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Risk free interest rate 1.71 - 4.08 Expected volatility 34 - 40 Expected dividend yield Expected term (in years) 5.63 - 6.25 
 Risk-free interest rate determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. 
 Expected volatility we derive our volatility from the average historical stock volatilities of several peer public companies over a period equivalent to the expected term of the awards. We expect to continue to do so until such time as we have adequate historical data regarding the volatility of our own traded stock price. 
 Expected dividend yield we have not paid, and do not currently anticipate paying, cash dividends on our common stock; therefore, the expected dividend yield is assumed to be zero. 
 Expected term the expected term of stock options granted to employees has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options, which calculates the expected term as the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of options. 
 Fair value of common stock the fair value of our common stock is the closing stock price of our Class A common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 For employee and non-employee options, we recognize compensation expense based on the grant date fair value of the award over the requisite service period, which is generally four years. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 We measure the fair value of restricted stock units RSUs granted to employees and non-employees based on the fair value of our Class A common stock on the grant date. Our RSU grants vest upon the satisfaction of either a service condition or both a service condition and a performance condition. The service condition is generally satisfied ratably over four years. The performance condition related to our outstanding performance-based awards was satisfied in connection with the IPO. 
 See Note 2 to our audited financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 Inventory 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined using an average cost method. Cost of inventory includes import duties and other taxes and transport and handling costs. We write down inventory where it appears that the carrying cost of the inventory may not be recovered through subsequent sale of the inventory. We analyze the quantity of inventory on hand, the quantity sold in the past year, the anticipated sales volume, 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 the expected sales price and the cost of making the sale when evaluating the value of our inventory. If the sales volume or sales price of specific products declines, additional write-downs may be required. A hypothetical 10 change in our inventory reserves estimate as of December 31, 2022 would not result in a material impact on our financial statements. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States. We compute our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized and the charge is recorded to earnings. 
 Significant judgment is required in determining our uncertain tax positions. We continuously review issues raised in connection with all ongoing examinations and open tax years to evaluate the adequacy of our tax liabilities. We evaluate uncertain tax positions under a two-step approach. The first step is to evaluate the uncertain tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination based on its technical merits. The second step is, for those positions that meet the recognition criteria, to measure the largest amount of benefit that is more than 50 likely of being realized. We believe our recorded tax liabilities are adequate to cover all open tax years based on our assessment. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and involves significant judgments about future events. A hypothetical 10 change in our recorded tax liabilities as of December 31, 2022 would not result in a material impact on our financial statements. To the extent that our view as to the outcome of these matters changes, we will adjust income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. We classify interest and penalties related to income taxes as income tax expense. 
 Loss Contingencies 
 We may be involved in legal proceedings, claims and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business resulting in loss contingencies. We accrue for loss contingencies when losses become probable and are reasonably estimable. If the reasonable estimate of the loss is a range and no amount within the range is a better estimate, the minimum amount of the range is recorded as a liability. We do not accrue for contingent losses that, in our judgment, are considered to be reasonably possible, but not probable; however, we disclose the range of such reasonably possible losses. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed. 
 Loss of Emerging Growth Company Status 
 Upon completion of our IPO, we qualified as an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Effective December 31, 2022, we exited our EGC status due to becoming a large accelerated filer as defined under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we may no longer take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards available to EGCs and we must comply with all financial reporting and compliance requirements applicable to a large accelerated filer. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2 to our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of accounting pronouncements recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted and their potential impact to our financial statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 159.8 million. Interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would not result in a material impact on our financial statements. 
 The 2021 Facility provides us with available borrowings in an amount up to 100.0 million. Because the 2021 Facility bears interest at a variable rate, we will be exposed to market risks relating to changes in interest rates if we have a meaningful outstanding balance. At December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings under the 2021 Facility. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our net revenues, including from sales to international customers, are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars and are not currently subject to significant foreign currency risk. However, our products for sale in foreign countries are priced in the country s local currency based primarily on an applicable currency exchange rate to the U.S. dollar, which we generally review and adjust periodically. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to foreign currencies, prices for customers in foreign countries may be more expensive relative to that of competition in those markets, which may adversely affect our demand. Furthermore, the general purchasing power of customers in international markets is weakened by a stronger U.S. dollar. We may also choose to transact directly with our international customers in foreign currencies in the future as we expand offerings and operations internationally. Some foreign operating expenses are also denominated in the currencies of the countries and territories in which our third-party vendors are located and may be subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to recognize transaction gains and losses in our results of operations. To date, foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been material to our financial statements, and we have not engaged in any foreign currency hedging transactions. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Inflationary factors such as increases in the cost of our products and overhead costs may adversely affect our results of operations. For example, during the three months and year ended December 31, 2022, our gross margin was impacted by higher freight costs compared to the same periods in 2021, which we believe was as a result of inflation due, in part, to global supply chain disruptions. We continue to monitor the impact of inflation on raw materials, freight, labor, rent and other costs in order to minimize its effects. A high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenue if we are unable, or choose not to, increase the selling prices of our products in proportion with these increased costs. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 70 
 Balance Sheets 
 74 
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 75 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 76 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 77 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 78 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of FIGS, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of FIGS, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) , stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Auditing of Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting Over Revenue Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company recognized net revenues of 505.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recognizes revenue at a point in time when it satisfies a performance obligation and transfers control of the products to the respective customers, which occurs when the goods are transferred to a common carrier. The Company s revenue recognition process utilizes multiple third-party service providers which provide hosting, software and revenue transaction processing services. While revenue consists of a high volume of individually low monetary value transactions, the initiation, processing and recording of transactions relies upon the information provided by the third parties. This process is dependent on the effective design and operation of multiple systems and tools, processes, data sources and controls which required significant audit effort and auditor judgment in evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence over the Company s internal controls over revenue recognition. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s accounting for revenue, which included identifying and testing the Company s internal controls over the data utilized. We identified and tested the relevant systems and tools used for the determination of initiation, processing, and recording of revenue. We identified and tested management s controls over the data used to recognized revenue. We also tested management s controls over the movement of data between the systems, and tools used for the recording of revenue transactions in the general ledger. Also, we evaluated the service auditors reports on which the Company relies. To test the Company s recognition of revenue, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the correlation of revenue recognized to accounts receivable and cash receipts and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data within the third-party systems by agreeing amounts recognized as revenue to customer invoices, third party bills of lading, and cash receipts. Additionally, we performed various analytical review procedures, including disaggregated revenue analysis and gross margin analysis to assess reasonableness of the amounts recorded. We also examined the agreements between the Company and the third-party service providers to understand the services provided. 
 Auditing of Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting Over Inventory Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s inventory consists of finished goods. The Company s process for tracking changes in inventory quantities utilizes multiple third-party service providers which provide inventory management systems and hosting, inventory storage, receiving, shipping and periodic physical inventory counting. The processing and recording of changes in inventory quantities by the Company relies upon the information provided by the third parties. This process is dependent on the effective design and operation of multiple systems and tools, processes, data sources and controls which required significant audit effort and auditor judgment in evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence over the Company s internal controls over changes in inventory quantities. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s accounting for changes in inventory quantities, which included identifying and testing the Company s internal controls over the data utilized. We identified and tested the relevant systems and tools used for the determination of initiation, processing, and recording of changes in inventory quantities. We identified and tested management s controls over the data used to record changes in inventory quantities. We also tested management s controls over the movement of data between the systems and tools used for the recording of changes in inventory quantities. Also, we evaluated the service auditors reports on which the Company relies. To test the Company s accounting for changes in inventory quantities, our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining external confirmations of inventory quantities on-hand from the third-party service providers, performing test counts of inventory on-hand on a sample basis, and testing of inventory receipts and shipments near year-end. Additionally, we performed various analytical review procedures, including gross margin analyses and inventory turnover, to assess the reasonableness of the quantities recorded. We also examined the agreements between the Company and the third-party service providers to understand the services provided. /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of FIGS, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited FIGS, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, FIGS, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) , stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 28, 2023 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 FIGS, INC. 
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets Other assets Total non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses Accrued compensation and benefits Sales tax payable Gift card liability Deferred revenue Returns reserve Income tax payable Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current Deferred rent and lease incentive Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders equity Class A common stock par value per share, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Class B common stock par value per share, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Preferred stock par value per share, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 FIGS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net revenues Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses Selling Marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Net income from operations Other income (loss), net Interest income (expense) ) Other expense ) ) Total other income (loss), net ) Net income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 FIGS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital (Accumulated Deficit) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount Shares 
 Amount December 31, 2019 ) Stock-based compensation Stock option exercises Net income December 31, 2020 Issuance of Class A Common Stock upon exchange of Common Stock ) ) Issuance of Class B Common Stock upon exchange of Common Stock ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock upon initial public offering, net of offering costs and related tax impacts Issuance of Class A Common Stock upon vesting of Restricted Stock, net of tax withholdings Issuance of Class A Common Stock upon exchange of Class B Common Stock ) Issuance of Class B Common Stock upon exchange of Class A Common Stock ) Restricted Stock surrendered for employees tax liability 
 ) ) Capital contribution Stock-based compensation Stock option exercises Tax benefit of deductible IPO transaction costs Net loss ) ) December 31, 2021 Issuance of Class A Common Stock upon vesting of Restricted Stock Issuance of Class B Common Stock upon exchange of Class A Common Stock ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock upon exchange of Class B Common Stock ) ) Capital contribution Stock-based compensation Stock option exercises and employee stock purchases Net income December 31, 2022 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 FIGS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Non-cash operating lease cost Loss on disposal of property and equipment Stock-based compensation Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue ) Accrued compensation and benefits ) Returns reserve Sales tax payable ) Income tax payable ) Gift card liability Deferred rent and lease incentive ) Operating lease liabilities ) Other non-current liabilities ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of held-to-maturity securities ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock in initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts Payments of initial public offering issuance costs, net of reimbursements ) Payment of debt issuance and financing costs ) ) Proceeds from capital contributions Proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases Tax payments related to net share settlements on restricted stock units ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds received Property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred offering costs recorded in stockholders equity upon initial public offering, net of related tax impacts 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 FIGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 
 2. 
 Stock Split 
 On May 19, 2021, the Company effected a -for-one forward stock split of its issued and outstanding common stock, stock options and RSUs. Accordingly, all share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split for all periods presented. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

79 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Other receivables generally relate to amounts due to the Company that result from activities that are not related to the direct sale of the Company s products. 
 The Company s allowance to write down inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value was million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Office equipment Machinery and equipment Computer equipment Software and website development Leasehold improvements Shorter of the lease term or the estimated life of the asset 
 Upon the sale or disposal of property and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in general and administrative expense in the statements of income and comprehensive income. Maintenance and repairs are charged to the general and administrative expenses in the statements of income and comprehensive income as incurred, while expenditures for major renewals and betterments that extend the useful life of an asset or provide additional utility are capitalized. 
 The Company has incurred costs related to the development of the Company s websites. The Company capitalizes these website development costs, as applicable, in accordance with ASC Subtopic 350-50, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Website Development Costs ASC 350-50 ). ASC 350-50 requires that costs incurred during the website 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 useful life. 
 Cloud Computing Costs 
 The Company also capitalizes software license fees and implementation costs associated with cloud hosting arrangements that are service contracts. These amounts are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets in the accompanying balance sheets. Amortization of the software license fees is calculated using the straight-line method over the term of the service contract. Amortization of the implementation costs is calculated using the straight-line method based on the term of the service contract or based on the expected utilization of the asset and commences once the module or component is ready for its intended use. 
 
 such impairments were identified for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Sales Tax 
 Based on the 2018 Supreme Court decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair Inc. , an increasing number of states have considered or adopted laws or administrative practices, with or without notice, that impose new taxes on remote sellers to collect transaction taxes such as sales, consumption, or similar taxes. The Company follows the guidelines of ASC 450, Contingencies, and its financial statements reflect the current impact of such legislation. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction, that are collected by the Company from a customer, are excluded from revenue. The Company records deferred revenue when it receives payments in advance of the transfer of the goods to a common carrier. The amounts recorded are expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet and, therefore, are classified as current liabilities in the balance sheets. 
 The Company does not have significant contract balances other than deferred revenue, the allowance for sales returns and liabilities related to its gift cards. The Company recognized revenues of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to redemptions from the gift card liability balance that existed at December 31, 2021. The Company does not have significant contract acquisition costs. 
 Rest of the world By product: Scrubwear Non-Scrubwear 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Expected term the expected term of the Company s stock options granted to employees has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla options, which calculates the expected term as the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of options. 
 Fair value of common stock the fair value of the Company s common stock is the closing stock price of the Company s Class A common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 The Company measures the fair value of restricted stock units RSUs granted to employees and non-employees based on the fair value of its Class A common stock on the grant date. The Company s RSU grants vest upon the satisfaction of either a service condition or both a service condition and a performance condition. The service condition is generally satisfied ratably over four years. The performance condition related to the Company s outstanding performance-based awards was satisfied in connection with the IPO. 
 For employee and non-employee awards that vest upon the satisfaction of a service condition, the Company recognizes compensation expense based on the grant date fair value of the award over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award based on the grant date fair value of the award. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million, million, and million, respectively, which are all recorded in general and administrative expense on the statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 recording a valuation allowance against any of its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company uses a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals and litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the largest amount of tax benefit as the largest amount that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. 
 
 reportable segment. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, on the Company s balance sheet as of January 1, 2022. The standard did not have a material impact to the Company s statements of operations and comprehensive income or the Company s statements of cash flows. Refer to Note 11 for the Company s expanded disclosures on leases. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (Topic 326) ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 requires measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets. In April 2019, the FASB issued clarification to ASU 2016-13 within ASU No. 2019-04, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial Instruments. These updates are effective for entities other than public business entities, including emerging growth companies that elected to defer compliance with new or revised financial accounting standards until a company that is not an issuer is required to comply with such standards, for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2021. The Company adopted these updates on January 1, 2022 and noted no material effect to its financial statements and related disclosures. 

3. 

Fair Value Measurement as of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Money market funds 
 There have been no transfers between fair value levels during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The carrying values of other current assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 Other 
 
 5. 
 Prepaid expenses Prepaid taxes Other 
 
 6. 
 Office equipment Machinery and equipment Computer equipment Software and website design Leasehold improvements Capital projects in progress Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 on property and equipment was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Accrued shipping Accrued selling expenses Accrued legal expenses Accrued marketing expenses Other accrued expenses 
 
 8. 
 million revolving credit facility, including capacity to issue letters of credit (the 2020 Facility ). The 2020 Facility had a maturity date of December 2, 2025 2020 Facility Maturity Date ). Subject to certain conditions, the 2020 Facility also provided for an additional million of capacity. Borrowings under the 2020 Facility were payable on the 2020 Facility Maturity Date and bore interest at LIBOR (with a floor) plus . The interest rate for undrawn amounts was . On September 7, 2021, the Company terminated the 2020 Facility. Upon the termination of the 2020 Facility, letters of credit with an aggregate face amount of approximately million were outstanding but the reimbursement obligations of the Company were secured by cash collateral pledged by the Company to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the amount of approximately million or of the amounts outstanding. On October 28, 2021, the Company cancelled letters of credit with an aggregate face amount of million. As of December 31, 2021, letters of credit with an aggregate face amount of million remained outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, the reimbursement obligations of the Company were secured by cash collateral pledged by the Company to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. in the amount of approximately million or of the amounts outstanding. On March 10, 2022, the Company cancelled all outstanding letters of credit under the 2020 Facility. 
 On September 7, 2021, the Company, as borrower, entered into a credit agreement with Bank of America, N.A. for a million revolving credit facility, including capacity to issue letters of credit (the 2021 Facility ). The 2021 Facility is secured by substantially all assets of the Company and its material subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions. The 2021 Facility has a maturity date of September 7, 2026 2021 Facility Maturity Date ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had letters of credit aggregating to million outstanding under the 2021 Facility and available borrowings of million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the 2021 Facility. Borrowings under the 2021 Facility are payable on the 2021 Facility Maturity Date. Borrowings bear interest at either (a) the Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the 2021 Facility) plus or (b) the Base Rate (as defined in the 2021 Facility) plus . The interest rate for undrawn amounts is . Costs associated with entering into the 2021 Facility were not material. 
 On February 27, 2023, the Company entered into a first amendment (the First Amendment to the 2021 Facility. The First Amendment amends the Credit Agreement to replace the London interbank offered rate LIBOR with a term rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), together with certain administrative changes to facilitate such replacement. Except as amended by the First Amendment, the remaining terms of the Credit Agreement remain in full force and effect. 
 
 9. 
 million. The professional fees were reimbursed by the Company in 2020. 
 In 2020, the Company sold million of masks and other products to Tulco, LLC, the amounts of which are included in net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 million and the Company received payment of the reimbursements during the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, Tulco, LLC reimbursed the Company for certain of the Company s professional fees in connection with their participation as a selling stockholder in the Company s follow-on offering, completed on September 20, 2021 (the Follow-on Offering ). These reimbursements totaled million. The Company received payment of the amounts due from Tulco, LLC during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 In 2022, the Company s Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer (the Founders paid the Company, at their election, an aggregate amount of million for certain of the Company s professional fees in connection with the Follow-on Offering in which they participated as selling stockholders. 
 
 10. 
 million within sales tax payable on the Company s balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 as an estimate of contingent sales tax payable. 
 Inventory Purchase Obligations 
 Inventory purchase obligations as of December 31, 2022 were approximately million. These inventory purchase obligations can be impacted by various factors, including the timing of issuing orders and the timing of the shipment of orders. 
 Legal Contingencies 
 Legal claims may arise from time to time in the normal course of business, the results of which may have a material effect on the Company s accompanying financial statements. 
 Although Strategic Partners, Inc. SPI dismissed their litigation against us with prejudice as a result of the Company s settlement with SPI, under which FIGS is making no payment or assuming any other obligation to SPI, the Company currently has legal actions against it with respect to its litigation with Miracle Ventures I, LP and a putative securities class action against the Company and certain of its executive officers and directors. 
 The Company believes the claims in its ongoing litigations are without basis or merit, and intends to vigorously defend against such claims. Accordingly, an accrual for any potential liability has not been recorded. 
 
 11. 
 . The Lease includes escalating rent payment provisions. 
 On March 17, 2022, the Company entered into a sublease agreement (the Sublease for additional office space with an initial term expiring in 2026. The Sublease includes an option to extend the agreement, at the Company s discretion, if the Sublandlord declines to terminate its master lease. The Sublease includes a rent abatement period of and escalating rent payment provisions. 
 The operating lease agreements included in the measurement of lease liabilities do not reflect options to extend or terminate, as the Company does not consider the exercise of these options to be reasonably certain. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 The Company recognizes operating lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Operating lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. Short-term lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 years Weighted-average discount rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest Total lease liabilities 
 Other Information 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities were million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 12. 
 State Total current provision Deferred Federal ) ) ) State ) ) Total deferred benefit ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ), which, among other things, implements a 15 alternative minimum tax on corporations with book income in excess of 1 billion, a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases and several tax incentives to promote clean energy. The effective date of these provisions is January 1, 2023. The Company will continue to monitor for updates to the Company s business along with guidance issued with respect to the IRA to determine whether any adjustments are needed to the Company s tax provision in future periods. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 million of tax per year. A.B. 85 suspends the use of net operating losses for taxable years 2021, 2022 and 2023 for certain taxpayers with taxable income of million or more. The carryover period for any net operating losses that are suspended under this provision will be extended. A.B. 85 also requires that business incentive tax credits including carryovers may not reduce the applicable tax by more than million for taxable years 2021, 2022 and 2023. On February 9, 2022, Senate Bill 113 S.B.113 was signed into law. S.B.113 shortened the previously enacted suspension of net operating loss deductions and eliminating the restrictions on the use of certain business tax credits for taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2022. In connection with A.B. 85, the Company was able to partially offset its California taxable income with its net operating losses for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 State tax expense, net of federal benefit Non-deductible expenses ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Excess compensation limitations Foreign-derived intangible income deduction ) ) R D tax credit benefit ) Unrecognized tax benefits ) Change in valuation allowance ) Provision to return true up ) ) Other Provision for income taxes 
 The effective tax rate for years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. The effective tax rate in each of 2022 and 2021 is higher than the federal statutory tax rate mainly due to state tax expense and permanent disallowance of certain stock-based compensation for tax purposes. In 2021, the effective tax rate was further driven up by lower pre-tax book income resulting from one-time IPO charges. During 2020, the Company determined that all the deferred tax assets were realizable due to the Company s three-year cumulative pretax book income position, resulting in the full release in the valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded valuation allowance due to its cumulative pretax income position. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Uniform capitalization adjustment to inventory Stock-based compensation Accrued compensation and benefits Lease liability Inventory reserve Deferred rent Returns reserve Sales tax accrual Other Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Property and equipment ) ) Right-of-use asset ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had available federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately million, which begin to expire in 2035. The Company also has available California NOL carryforwards of approximately million as of December 31, 2022, which begin to expire in 2037. The usage of the Company s federal and California NOL carryforwards is subject to the limitations imposed by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Further, the Company s California NOL was suspended in 2021. The tax years ending December 31, 2019, through December 31, 2021 remain open and subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service. The tax years ending December 31, 2018, through December 31, 2021, remain open and subject to audit by state tax authorities. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million of uncertain tax positions, excluding interest and penalties. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax liabilities as income tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the interest and penalties were immaterial. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million in interest and penalties. There were no activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the unrecognized tax benefits. 
 There were no known uncertain tax positions during the year or as of the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Increases related to current year tax positions Decreases related to current year tax positions Increases related to prior year tax positions Changes due to lapse of statute of limitations Settlement with taxing authorities Ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 . Only incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and RSUs were granted under the 2016 Plan. 
 On May 18, 2021, the Board approved the termination of the 2016 Plan. Any remaining shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2016 Plan as of such date were added to the shares of our Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the 2021 Plan ). Additionally, any shares of common stock subject to awards granted under the 2016 Plan that expire, lapse or are terminated, exchanged for or settled in cash, surrendered, repurchased, canceled without having been fully exercised, or forfeited following the effective date of the 2021 Plan will become available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 
 2021 Equity Incentive Award Plan and 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On May 18, 2021, the Board adopted and the stockholders of the Company approved the 2021 Plan and the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). 
 The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan increases automatically on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, equal to the lesser of (A) a number of shares of Class A common stock such that the aggregate number of Shares available for grant under the 2021 Plan immediately following such increase shall equal of the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year, and (B) such lesser number of shares of Class A common stock as determined by our Board. The 2021 Plan authorizes the granting of RSAs, RSUs, SARs, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, dividend equivalents, and other stock or cash awards to employees and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries and members of the Board. 
 The number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock that will be available for issuance and sale to eligible employees under the ESPP increases automatically on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, equal to the lesser of (A) of the shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (B) such lesser number of shares of Class A common stock as determined by our Board. The ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a purchase price per share equal to of the lesser of (i) the fair market value of the Company s Class A common stock on the first trading day of an applicable offering period or (ii) the last trading day of a purchase period in an applicable offering period. 
 All options and SARs granted under the 2021 Plan will generally expire from the date of grant if not exercised. In the event of a termination of employment, any unvested portion of an option will generally be forfeited immediately. Any vested options may generally be exercised within three months, except for (i) instances of termination due to death or disability whereby any vested options may be exercised within one year and (ii) instances of termination with cause whereby any vested options are forfeited immediately. 
 Shares that expire, lapse or are terminated, exchanged for or settled in cash, surrendered, repurchased, canceled without having been fully exercised, or forfeited will become available for future awards under the 2021 Plan. In addition, shares of common stock that are tendered to the Company by a participant to satisfy the applicable exercise or purchase price of an award and/or to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligation with respect to an award will be added to the number of shares of common stock available for future awards. Additionally, any shares of common stock subject to awards granted under the 2016 Plan that expire, lapse or are terminated, exchanged for or settled in cash, surrendered, repurchased, canceled without having been fully exercised, or forfeited following the effective date of the 2021 Plan will become available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan is administered by the Board with respect to awards to non-employee directors and by the Compensation Committee of the Board with respect to other participants. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan and ESPP was and , respectively. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Expected term (in years) 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the stock options and the fair value of the Company s common stock for those stock options that had exercise prices lower than the fair value of the common stock as of the end of the period. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 The weighted-average grant date fair values per share of the Company s stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. The grant date fair value of stock options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock option awards was million, to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Stock Option Modifications 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Board determined to accelerate the vesting of certain employee stock option awards, subject to and effective as of the closing of the Company s IPO, and further subject to the employee s continued service with the Company through the closing of the IPO, as described in our IPO Prospectus. Upon the modification of the stock options, the Company determined no incremental fair value was required to be recorded as the awards would continue to vest both prior to and post modification and the modification of the stock options did not change award valuation inputs or assumptions. The Company recorded million of expense during the second quarter of 2021 as a result of the accelerated vesting of stock options. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with the retirement of the Company s Chief Financial Officer, the Board determined to accelerate the vesting of certain stock option awards held by the retiring executive and provide that such stock option awards may be exercised for one year following the retirement date. Upon the modification of the stock options, the Company determined that million of incremental fair value was required to be recorded 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 stock options which were not probable of vesting prior to the modification but concluded to be probable of vesting based on the modified terms of the award. The modification of stock options changed the award valuation inputs, including the remaining term of the award. The Company recorded million of expense related to the stock option modification during the fourth quarter of 2021 as a result of the accelerated vesting of stock options. 
 Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company granted RSUs which vest upon the satisfaction of both a service and a performance condition. The service condition for these awards is satisfied over . The performance condition is satisfied upon the occurrence of a qualifying event, generally defined as a change of control transaction or an initial public offering. The performance condition for these awards was satisfied in connection with the IPO. Upon the satisfaction of the performance condition, the Company recorded million of stock-based compensation expense related to these awards and withheld shares of common stock, based on the IPO price of per share, to satisfy the tax remittances of approximately million. 
 The fair value of RSUs and RSAs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. There were RSUs or RSAs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs was million, to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested restricted stock units at December 31, 2022 
 
 14. E 
 vote per share and each share of Class B common stock is entitled to votes per share. Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the stockholder into one share of Class A common stock. 
 As the economic rights of Class A and Class B common stock are identical, undistributed earnings are allocated on a proportionate basis and presented on a combined basis. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares basic Effect of dilutive stock options Effect of dilutive restricted stock units Weighted-average shares diluted Earnings (loss) per share: Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Effect of dilutive stock options and restricted stock units ) ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) 
 Restricted stock units 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Limitations on effectiveness of controls and procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Supplemental Information 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company distributed quarterly financial results for the three months ended December 31, 2022 (the Supplemental Information ), to supplement the annual financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022, which the Company furnished to the SEC on February 28, 2023. The Supplemental Information is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Supplemental Information furnished in this Part II - Item 9B of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly provided by specific reference in such a filing. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 First Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 On February 27, 2023, the Company entered into a first amendment (the First Amendment to that certain credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ), dated as of September 7, 2021, by and between the Company, as borrower, and Bank of America, N.A., as lender. The First Amendment amends the Credit Agreement to replace the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) with a term rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (Term SOFR), together with certain administrative changes to facilitate such replacement. Except as amended by the First Amendment, the remaining terms of the Credit Agreement remain in full force and effect. 
 The foregoing description of the First Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the First Amendment, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information about our Directors 
 The following table presents information concerning our board of directors as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Name Age Position(s) Heather Hasson 41 Director, Co-Founder and Executive Chair Catherine Spear 39 Director, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer Sheila Antrum 64 Director A. G. Lafley 75 Director Kenneth Lin 47 Director Michael Soenen 52 Director Jeffrey Wilke 56 Director J. Martin Willhite 52 Director 
 The following are brief biographies describing the backgrounds of our directors. 
 Heather Hasson 
 Ms. Hasson co-founded our company and serves as the Executive Chair of our board of directors. Ms. Hasson previously served as our Co-Chief Executive Officer until August 2022. Prior to co-founding FIGS, Ms. Hasson was an entrepreneur, having served as founder and CEO of Heather Hasson bags, a high-end bag line, and FIGS Ties, a tie and scarf company. Since January 2021, Ms. Hasson also has served as a member of the board of directors of G Squared Ascend I Inc. and G Squared Ascend II Inc., two blank check companies, and as a member of the board of directors of RxArt, a non-profit whose mission is to help children heal through the extraordinary power of visual art. Ms. Hasson holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. We believe that Ms. Hasson is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on her experience in the apparel industry and the knowledge of our company she brings as our co-founder and Executive Chair. 
 Catherine Spear 
 Ms. Spear co-founded our company and serves as our Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our board of directors. Prior to co-founding FIGS, Ms. Spear served as an Associate at the Blackstone Group Inc., a leading global alternative investment business, in the firm s hedge fund group. Ms. Spear began her career at Citigroup Global Markets Inc., where she spent four years in its investment banking and private equity divisions. From August 2020 to July 2021, Ms. Spear also served as a member of the board of directors of One, a blank check company. Ms. Spear holds a B.A. in Economics from Tufts University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. She was also selected to join the Aspen Institute s Henry Crown Fellows in 2018. We believe that Ms. Spear is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on the perspective and experience she brings as our co-founder and Chief Executive Officer. 
 Sheila Antrum 
 Ms. Antrum has served as a member of our board of directors since May 2021. Since 2007, Ms. Antrum has served in roles of increasing responsibility at the University of California, including serving as the Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of UCSF Health since August 2017, UCSF Health President-Adult Services since September 2015 and the Chief Nursing Officer of UCSF Medical Center from September 2007 to 2017 and again as interim Chief Nursing Officer from 2019 to 2020. Before that, from 2003 to 2007, Ms. Antrum served as the Chief of Ambulatory Operations and Associate Director of Clinical Cancer Center Operations at the University of California San Diego Medical Center. Ms. Antrum also has served on the board of directors of Integer Holdings Corporation since February 2021. Ms. Antrum holds a B.A. of Science in Nursing from Hampton University and a Master s in Health Services Administration from the University of Michigan School of Public Health. We believe Ms. Antrum is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on her extensive leadership experience in the healthcare industry. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 A. G. Lafley 
 Mr. Lafley has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2022. Mr. Lafley served in various positions at The Procter Gamble Company from 1977 to June 2016, including as its President, Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of directors from June 2000 until June 2009 and again from May 2013 to October 2015. He also served as Chairman of the board of directors from July 2002 through February 2010 and again from May 2013 through June 2016. From April 2010 to May 2013, Mr. Lafley served as a consultant and as a Senior Adviser at Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC, a private equity firm. Mr. Lafley served as a member of the board of directors of Snap Inc. from July 2016 to December 2021. Mr. Lafley has also served on the board of directors of Tulco since September 2017. Mr. Lafley holds a B.A. from Hamilton College and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. We believe that Mr. Lafley is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive leadership experience. 
 Kenneth Lin 
 Mr. Lin has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2022. Mr. Lin has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Credit Karma, a consumer finance company that he founded and that was acquired by Intuit in 2020, since March 2007. He previously founded Multilytics Marketing, a data driven marketing agency and has served as a member of the board of trustees at Boston University since December 2021. Mr. Lin holds a B.A. in Economics and Mathematics from Boston University and was selected to join the Aspen Institute s Henry Crown Fellows in 2018. We believe that Mr. Lin is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive leadership, technology and internet company experience. 
 Michael Soenen 
 Mr. Soenen has served as a member of our board of directors since May 2021. From 2015 through 2020, Mr. Soenen served as a member of the Investment Committee and Co-Head of Operations Group at Valor Equity Partners L.P., an investment firm. Before that, from 1997 to 2008, Mr. Soenen served in roles of increasing responsibility at FTD Group, Inc., a provider of floral and specialty gift products, including as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson from 2004 to 2008. Mr. Soenen also currently serves on the boards of directors of several privately-held companies. Mr. Soenen holds a B.A. in Economics from Kalamazoo College. We believe that Mr. Soenen is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on his broad leadership, operational and transactional experience. 
 Jeffrey Wilke 
 Mr. Wilke has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2022. Since March 1, 2021, Mr. Wilke has served as Chairman of the board of directors of Re:Build Manufacturing, a privately-held industrial manufacturing group that provides manufacturing solutions. Before that, from 1999 through 2021, Mr. Wilke served in various senior executive roles at Amazon.com, Inc., including CEO of Worldwide Consumer, from April 2016 to March 2021, Senior Vice President, Consumer Business, from February 2012 until April 2016, and as Senior Vice President, North America Retail, from January 2007 until February 2012. Prior to Amazon.com, Mr. Wilke held executive positions at AlliedSignal (now Honeywell International Inc), an aerospace firm. He began his career writing code and managing software development projects at Andersen Consulting (now Accenture plc), a consulting firm. Mr. Wilke holds a B.S.E. in Chemical Engineering from Princeton University and an M.S. in Chemical Engineering and M.B.A. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. We believe Mr. Wilke is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on his broad leadership experience in the direct to consumer, supply chain, logistics and technology industries. 
 J. Martin Willhite 
 Mr. Willhite has served as a member of our board of directors since February 2019. Since June 2017, Mr. Willhite has served as Vice Chairman at Tulco, LLC, an investment firm. Before that, from October 2011 to June 2017, Mr. Willhite served as General Counsel at Legendary Entertainment, a film and television production company, where he also served as Chief Operating Officer from April 2013 to June 2017. Before that, Mr. Willhite was a Partner at Munger, Tolles Olson, LLP, a law firm. Mr. Willhite holds a B.A. in Philosophy from Brigham Young University and a J.D. from Loyola Law School. We believe that Mr. Willhite is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on his broad leadership, operational, legal and transactional experience. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table presents information concerning our executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Name Age Position(s) Heather Hasson 41 Director, Co-Founder and Executive Chair Catherine Spear 39 Director, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer Daniella Turenshine 33 Chief Financial Officer 
 The following are brief biographies describing the backgrounds of our executive officers. 
 The biography for each of Ms. Hasson and Ms. Spear appears above in the section titled Information about our Directors. 
 Daniella Turenshine 
 Ms. Turenshine has served as our Chief Financial Officer since December 2021, and before that as Senior Vice President of Finance and Strategy from November 2018 to December 2021. From July 2017 to November 2018, Ms. Turenshine served as Vice-President of Garnett Station Partners, an investment firm, where she helped to build out Fridababy, a consumer products company. Before that, from July 2013 to June 2015, Ms. Turenshine worked at Avista Capital Partners, a private equity firm, where she focused on transactions in the consumer, healthcare and media sectors. From July 2011 to June 2013, she served as an Analyst at Credit Suisse. Ms. Turenshine holds an A.B. with High Honors in Finance and Economics from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. 
 Family Relationships 
 There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics (the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. A current copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.wearfigs.com under Governance Documents under the section entitled Governance. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as NYSE s requirement to disclose waivers with respect to directors and executive officers, by posting such information on our website at the address and location specified above. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The remaining information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC, within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC, within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Securities Authorized For Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (As of December 31, 2022) 
 Plan category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excludes securities reflected in first column) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 10,292,994 (2) 
 Restricted Stock Units 3,548,431 (3) 
 Options to Purchase Class A Common Stock 
 42,397,911 (4) 
 6.11 (5) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 45,946,342 6.11 10,292,994 
 (1) Consists of the Amended 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan ), 2021 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the 2021 Plan ), and 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). 
 (2) The number of shares authorized under our 2021 Plan increases on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, equal to the lesser of (A) a number of Shares (as defined in the 2021 Plan) such that the aggregate number of Shares available for grant under the 2021 Plan immediately following such increase shall equal 5 of the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year, and (B) such lesser number of Shares as determined by our board of directors. The number of shares authorized under our ESPP increases on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, equal to the lesser of (A) 1 of the shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (B) such lesser number of Shares (as defined in the ESPP) as determined by our board of directors. The maximum number of shares of Class A common stock subject to issuance pursuant to our ESPP offering period outstanding as of December 31, 2022 is . 
 (3) Consists of 1,352,608 and 2,195,823 shares of Class A common stock subject to outstanding restricted stock units under the 2016 Plan and 2021 Plan, respectively. Following the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, no further grants were permitted to be made under the 2016 Plan, though existing awards remain outstanding. 
 (4) Consists of 34,272,427 and 8,125,484 outstanding options to purchase Class A common stock under the 2016 Plan and 2021 Plan, respectively. Following the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, no further grants were permitted to be made under the 2016 Plan, though existing awards remain outstanding. 
 (5) As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options was 6.11. 
 The remaining information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC, within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC, within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC, within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 Our financial statements are listed in the Index to Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, not material or because the required information is shown in our financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Index 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed / Furnished Herewith Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of FIGS, Inc. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of FIGS, Inc. 
 4.1 Form of Certificate of Common Stock. 
 S-1 333-255797 4.1 5/5/2021 4.2 Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement by and between FIGS, Inc. and certain security holders of FIGS, Inc., dated October 23, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-255797 4.2 5/20/2021 4.3 Description of the Registrant's Securities 
 10-K 001-40448 4.3 3/10/2022 10.1 Credit Agreement dated September 7, 2021 between the Company and Bank of America, N.A. 
 8-K 001-40448 10.1 9/10/2021 10.1.1 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated February 27, 2023, between the Company and Bank of America, N.A. 
 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement between FIGS, Inc. and its directors and officers. 
 S-1 333-255797 10.1 5/5/2021 10.3# 2021 Equity Incentive Award Plan. 
 10.4# Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement under 2021 Equity Incentive Award Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-255797 10.6 5/20/2021 10.5# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement under 2021 Equity Incentive Award Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-255797 10.7 5/20/2021 10.6# 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 10.7# Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between FIGS, Inc. and Heather Hasson, effective August 4, 2022. 
 8-K 001-40448 10.1 8/4/2022 10.8# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between FIGS, Inc. and Catherine Spear. 
 10.9# Non-Employee Director Compensation Program. 
 S-1/A 333-255797 10.14 5/20/2021 10.10# Voting Agreement by and among FIGS, Inc., Heather Hasson, Catherine Spear, Tulco, LLC and certain related entities. 
 10.10.1# Amendment and Joinder to Voting Agreement, by and among FIGS, Inc., Heather Hasson, Catherine Spear, Tulco, LLC, Thomas Tull and certain related persons and trusts. 
 8-K 001-40448 10.1 3/23/2022 10.11# Equity Award Exchange Right Agreement between FIGS, Inc. and each of Heather Hasson and Catherine Spear. 
 10.12# Employment Agreement by and between FIGS, Inc. and Daniella Turenshine. 
 10-K 001-40448 10.15 3/10/2022 10.13# Cash Sale Bonus Letter Agreement by and between FIGS, Inc. and Heather Hasson, dated February 22, 2018. 
 S-1/A 333-255797 10.15 5/20/2021 10.14# Cash Sale Bonus Letter Agreement by and between FIGS, Inc. and Catherine Spear, dated February 22, 2018. 
 S-1/A 333-255797 10.16 5/20/2021 10.15 Office Lease by and between FIGS, Inc. and 2834 Colorado Avenue, LLC, dated November 26, 2018. 
 S-1 333-255797 10.10 5/5/2021 10.16# FIGS, Inc. Amended 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-256585 99.1 5/28/2021 10.17# Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1 333-255797 10.3 5/5/2021 10.18# Form of Founders Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1 333-255797 10.4 5/5/2021 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of FIGS, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young, LLP. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 99.1 Supplemental Information 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. # Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 FIGS, INC. Date: February 28, 2023 
 By: /s/ Catherine Spear Name: Catherine Spear Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Catherine Spear and Daniella Turenshine, and each of them singly (with full power to each of them to act alone), his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution in each of them for him or her and in their name, place and stead, and in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as full to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Catherine Spear Chief Executive Officer and Director February 28, 2023 
 Catherine Spear (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ Daniella Turenshine Chief Financial Officer February 28, 2023 
 Daniella Turenshine (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 /s/ Heather Hasson Director February 28, 2023 
 Heather Hasson /s/ Sheila Antrum Director February 28, 2023 
 Sheila Antrum /s/ A.G. Lafley Director February 28, 2023 
 A.G. Lafley /s/ Kenneth Lin Director February 28, 2023 
 Kenneth Lin /s/ Michael Soenen Director February 28, 2023 
 Michael Soenen /s/ Jeffrey Wilke Director February 28, 2023 
 Jeffrey Wilke /s/ J. Martin Willhite Director February 28, 2023 
 J. Martin Willhite 
 106 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 figs-20221231xexx31.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF FIGS, INC. 
 FIGS, Inc. (the Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ), does hereby certify as follows 
 1. The name of the Corporation is FIGS, Inc. The Corporation was incorporated by the filing of its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 28, 2013. 
 2. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), which amends, restates and further integrates the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation as heretofore in effect, has been adopted by the Corporation in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL, and has been adopted by the written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL. 
 3. The text of the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, as heretofore amended, is hereby amended and restated by this Certificate of Incorporation to read in its entirety as set forth in EXHIBIT A attached hereto. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, FIGS, Inc. has caused this Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by a duly authorized officer of the Corporation, on June 1, 2021. 
 FIGS, Inc. 
 By s Catherine Spear 
 Name Catherine Spear 
 Title Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Signature Page to FIGS, Inc. Certificate of Incorporation 

EXHIBIT A 
 ARTICLE I 
 The name of the corporation is FIGS, Inc. (the Corporation ). 
 ARTICLE II 
 The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is National Registered Agents, Inc. 
 ARTICLE III 
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL as it now exists or may hereafter be amended and supplemented. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,250,000,000 shares, consisting of 1,000,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), 150,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class B Common Stock and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock ), and 100,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Preferred Stock ). 
 The number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below (i) the number of shares thereof then outstanding and (ii) with respect to the Class A Common Stock, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock reserved pursuant to Section 8 of Part A of Article IV) by the affirmative vote of the holders of capital stock representing a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. 
 Immediately upon the filing and effectiveness of this Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Effective Time ), automatically and without further action on the part of holders of capital stock of the Corporation, each share of the common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation outstanding or held by the Corporation as treasury stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (the Pre-IPO Common Stock shall be reclassified as, and become, one (1) validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of Class A Common Stock. Each certificate previously representing shares of Pre-IPO Common Stock shall from and after the Effective Time, represent the number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which the shares of Pre-IPO Common Stock previously represented thereby were reclassified pursuant hereto. 
 The designations and the powers, preferences, privileges and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof in respect of each class of capital stock of the Corporation are as follows 
 A. Common Stock . 
 2 

1. Equal Status General . Except as otherwise provided herein or required by law, shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall have the same rights, privileges, preferences and powers, rank equally (including as to dividends and distributions, and upon any liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding up of the Corporation), share ratably and be identical in all respects and as to all matters. The voting, dividend, liquidation and other rights, preferences and powers of the holders of Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of any series of Preferred Stock as may be designated by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors and outstanding from time to time. 
 2. Voting . Except as otherwise provided herein or expressly required by law, at all meetings of stockholders and on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation generally, (i) each holder of Class A Common Stock, as such, shall have the right to one (1) vote per share of Class A Common Stock held of record by such holder, and (ii) each holder of Class B Common Stock, as such, shall have the right to twenty (20) votes per share of Class B Common Stock held of record by such holder. Except as otherwise provided herein or required by law, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, as such, shall (a) at all times vote together as a single class on all matters (including the election of directors) submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation generally, and (b) be entitled to notice of any stockholders meeting in accordance with the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation (as the same may be amended and or restated from time to time, the Bylaws provided, however, that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Certificate of Incorporation that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation (as defined herein)) or pursuant to the DGCL. There shall be no cumulative voting. 
 3. Dividend Rights . Shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall be treated equally, identically and ratably, on a per share basis, with respect to any dividends as may be declared and paid from time to time by the Board of Directors out of any assets of the Corporation legally available therefor provided, however , that in the event a dividend is paid in the form of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares), then holders of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to receive shares of Class A Common Stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares, as the case may be) and holders of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to receive shares of Class B Common Stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares, as the case may be), with holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock receiving, on a per share basis, an identical number of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (or rights to acquire, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such shares, as the case may be), as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors may pay or make a disparate dividend per share of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (whether in the amount of such dividend payable per share, the form in which such dividend is payable, the timing of the payment, or otherwise) if such disparate dividend is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 4. Subdivisions, Combinations or Reclassifications . Shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock may not be subdivided, combined or reclassified unless the shares of the other classes are concurrently therewith proportionately subdivided, combined or reclassified in a manner that maintains the same proportionate equity ownership among the holders of the outstanding Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock on the 
 3 

record date for such subdivision, combination or reclassification provided, however , that shares of one such class may be subdivided, combined or reclassified in a different or disproportionate manner if such subdivision, combination or reclassification is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. 
 5. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up . Subject to the preferential or other rights of any holders of Preferred Stock then outstanding, upon the dissolution, distribution of assets, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock will be entitled to receive ratably all assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders in proportion to the number of shares held by each such stockholder, unless disparate or different treatment of the shares of each such class with respect to distributions upon any such liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding up is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, each voting separately as a class. A consolidation, reorganization or merger of the Corporation with any other person or persons, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, shall not be considered to be a dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation within the meaning of this Section 5. 
 6. Merger or Consolidation . In the case of any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other entity, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, consideration or payment that shall be identical to and made ratably on a per share basis among the holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as a single class provided, however , that, if such distribution, payment or consideration consists, in whole or in part, of shares of capital stock or other equity interests, holders of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock may receive, or have the right to elect to receive, different or disproportionate consideration in connection with such consolidation, merger or other transaction only if and solely to the extent that the difference in the per share consideration to the holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is that any securities distributed to the holder of, or issuable upon the conversion of, a share of Class B Common Stock have twenty (20) times the voting power of any securities distributed to the holder of, or issuable upon the conversion of, a share of Class A Common Stock. 
 7. Conversion . 
 7.1. Optional Conversion of Class B Common Stock . Each share of Class B Common Stock shall be convertible into one (1) validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock at the option of the holder thereof at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. 
 7.2. Automatic Conversion of Class B Common Stock Upon Transfer . With respect to each holder of Class B Common Stock, upon the occurrence of a Transfer (as defined in Section 9 of Part A of Article IV), other than a Permitted Transfer (as defined in Section 9 of Part A of Article IV), of shares of Class B Common Stock held by such holder, each share subject to such Transfer shall automatically, without further action by the Corporation or the holder thereof, convert into one (1) validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock. 
 7.3. Automatic Conversion of Class B Common Stock Upon Reduction in Ownership . With respect to Tulco, LLC and its Permitted Transferees (collectively Tulco ), at 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on a date fixed by the Board of Directors that is not less than 60 days nor more than 180 days following the date that the aggregate number of shares of all 
 4 

classes of Common Stock then held by Tulco ceases to represent at least 20 of the aggregate number of then-outstanding shares of all classes of Common Stock (calculated on a diluted basis to include any issued and outstanding stock options, restricted stock units or other equity awards, whether vested or unvested, of the Corporation), each share of Class B Common Stock then held by Tulco shall automatically, without further action by the Corporation or the holder thereof, convert into one (1) validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock. 
 7.4. Final Conversion of All Shares of Class B Common Stock . Each share of outstanding Class B Common Stock shall automatically, without further action by the Corporation or the holder thereof, convert into one (1) validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A Common Stock upon the earlier to occur of the following (each, a Final Conversion Event (i) 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date that is ten (10) years following the closing of the Corporation s initial public offering of Class A Common Stock in a firm commitment underwritten offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and (ii) 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on a date fixed by the Board of Directors that is not less than 60 days nor more than 180 days after the death or Disability of the last to die or become Disabled of the Founders. 
 7.5. Mechanics of Conversion . 
 7.5.1. Before any holder of Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to convert any shares of Class B Common Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to Subsection 7.1 of Part A of Article IV, such holder shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor (if any), duly endorsed, at the principal corporate office of the Corporation or of any transfer agent for the Class B Common Stock, and shall provide written notice to the Corporation at its principal corporate office, of such conversion election and shall state therein the name or names (i) in which the certificate or certificates representing the shares of Class A Common Stock into which the shares of Class B Common Stock are so converted are to be issued (if such shares of Class A Common Stock will be certificated) or (ii) in which such shares of Class A Common Stock are to be registered in book-entry form (if such shares of Class A Common Stock are uncertificated). If the shares of Class A Common Stock into which the shares of Class B Common Stock are to be converted are to be issued in a name or names other than the name of the holder of the shares of Class B Common Stock being converted, such notice shall be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Corporation, duly executed by the holder. The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, issue and deliver at such office to such holder, or to the nominee or nominees of such holder, a certificate or certificates representing the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to which such holder shall be entitled upon such conversion (if such shares of Class A Common Stock are certificated) or shall register such shares of Class A Common Stock in book-entry form (if such shares of Class A Common Stock are uncertificated). Such conversion shall be deemed to be effective immediately prior to the close of business (i) with respect to certificated shares, on the date of such surrender of the certificate or certificates representing the shares of Class B Common Stock to be converted or (ii) with respect to shares that are uncertificated, immediately prior to the close of business on the date that the holder delivers notice of such conversion election as required by this Subsection to the Corporation s transfer agent, and, in each case, the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be deemed to be outstanding as of such time, and the person or persons entitled to receive the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be deemed to be the record holder or holders of such shares of Class A Common Stock as of such time. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, shares of Class B Common Stock represented by a lost, stolen or destroyed stock certificate may be 
 5 

converted pursuant to Subsection 7.1 of Part A of Article IV if the holder thereof notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed and provides an affidavit of that fact acceptable to the Corporation and executes an agreement acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificate. 
 7.5.2. Each outstanding stock certificate (if shares are in certificated form) that, immediately prior to the occurrence of a conversion pursuant to Subsections 7.3 or 7.4 of Part A of Article IV represented one or more shares of Class B Common Stock subject to such conversion shall, upon such conversion, be deemed to represent an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock, without the need for surrender or exchange thereof. 
 7.5.3. The Corporation shall, upon the request of any holder whose shares of Class B Common Stock have been converted into shares of Class A Common Stock as a result of any conversion pursuant to Subsections 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4 of Part A of Article IV, and upon surrender by such holder to the Corporation of the outstanding certificate(s) formerly representing such holder s shares of Class B Common Stock , if any (or, in the case of any lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, upon such holder providing an affidavit of that fact acceptable to the Corporation and executing an agreement acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any loss incurred by it in connection with such certificate), issue and deliver to such holder certificate(s) representing the shares of Class A Common Stock into which such holder s shares of Class B Common Stock were converted as a result of such conversion (if such shares are certificated) or, if such shares are uncertificated, register such shares in book-entry form. 
 7.5.4. Each share of Class B Common Stock that is converted pursuant to Subsection 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4 of Part A of Article IV shall thereupon automatically be retired and shall not be available for reissuance. 
 7.5.5. The Corporation may, from time to time, establish such policies and procedures, not in violation of applicable law or the other provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation, relating to the conversion of the Class B Common Stock into Class A Common Stock, as it may deem necessary or advisable in connection therewith. If the Corporation has reason to believe that any circumstance giving rise to a conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock into Class A Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7 of Part A of Article IV has occurred but has not theretofore been reflected on the books of the Corporation (or in book-entry as maintained by the transfer agent of the Corporation), the Corporation may request that the holder of such shares furnish affidavits or other evidence to the Corporation as the Corporation deems necessary to determine whether a conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock has occurred, and if such holder does not within ten (10) days after the date of such request furnish sufficient evidence to the Corporation (in the manner provided in the request) to enable the Corporation to determine that no such conversion has occurred, any such shares of Class B Common Stock, to the extent not previously converted, shall be automatically converted into shares of Class A Common Stock and the same shall thereupon be registered on the books and records of the Corporation (or in book-entry as maintained by the transfer agent of the Corporation). In connection with any action of stockholders taken at a meeting, the stock ledger of the Corporation (or in book-entry as maintained by the transfer agent of the Corporation) shall be presumptive evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders and the 
 6 

class or classes or series of shares held by each such stockholder and the number of shares of each class or classes or series held by such stockholder. 
 8. Reservation of Stock . The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the shares of Class B Common Stock, such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 9. Definitions . 
 Affiliate means a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, another person. 
 Convertible Security shall mean any evidences of indebtedness, shares of Preferred Stock or other securities (other than shares of Class B Common Stock) convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock, either directly or indirectly. 
 Disability means, with respect to an individual, permanent and total disability such that the individual is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable mental impairment which would reasonably be expected to result in death or which has lasted or would reasonably be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months as determined by a licensed medical practitioner. In the event of a dispute whether the individual has suffered a Disability, no Disability of the individual shall be deemed to have occurred unless and until an affirmative ruling regarding such Disability has been made by a court of competent jurisdiction, and such ruling has become final and nonappealable. 
 Family Member means with respect to any individual who is a Qualified Stockholder (a) the spouse of such Qualified Stockholder, (b) the parents, grandparents, lineal descendants, siblings or lineal descendants of siblings of such Qualified Stockholder or (c) the parents, grandparents, lineal descendants, siblings or lineal descendants of siblings of the spouse of such Qualified Stockholder. Lineal descendants shall include adopted persons, but only so long as they are adopted while a minor. 
 Founder means each of Heather Hasson and Catherine Spear. 
 Option shall mean rights, options, restricted stock units or warrants to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities (as defined above). 
 Permitted Entity shall mean (I) with respect to a Qualified Stockholder that is an individual, (a)(1) a Permitted Trust primarily for the benefit of (i) such Qualified Stockholder, (ii) one or more Family Members of such Qualified Stockholder, (iii) any organization that is tax-exempt under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code or (iv) any other Permitted Entity of such Qualified Stockholder or (2) an organization that is tax-exempt under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, provided that, in each case, the Qualified Stockholder, either Founder or the Special Proxyholder (as defined in the Voting Agreement (as defined below)) holds, directly or indirectly, exclusive Voting Control with respect to such shares of Class B Common Stock or (b)(1) any Individual Retirement Account, as defined in Section 408(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, or (2) a pension, profit sharing, stock bonus or other type of plan or trust of which such Qualified Stockholder is a participant or beneficiary and which satisfies the requirements for qualification under Section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code (in the case of (b)(1) or (2), a Plan ), provided that (i) a Transfer of Class B Common Stock to such Plan is not prohibited by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 or any 
 7 

applicable law and (ii) such Plan or the individual(s) with Voting Control over the shares held by such Plan is legally and contractually permitted to become a party to the Voting Agreement in accordance with Section 8.13 thereof or (II) with respect to a Qualified Stockholder that is an entity, any Affiliate of, or general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other entity controlled by, such Qualified Stockholder or any other Permitted Entity of such Qualified Stockholder provided that Permitted Entity shall not include any portfolio company of such Qualified Stockholder. 
 Permitted Transfer shall mean, and be restricted to, any Transfer of a share of Class B Common Stock (a) by a Qualified Stockholder to (i) any Permitted Entity of such Qualified Stockholder, or (ii) another Qualified Stockholder or (b) by a Permitted Entity of a Qualified Stockholder to (i) such Qualified Stockholder, (ii) any other Permitted Entity of such Qualified Stockholder, or (iii) another Qualified Stockholder provided, however , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, for so long as the Voting Agreement is in effect, no Transfer shall be a Permitted Transfer unless effective as of the consummation such Transfer, the person or entity that will have direct and exclusive Voting Control over the shares immediately following such Transfer shall either be a party to, or have executed the Joinder Agreement (as defined in the Voting Agreement) required by Section 8.13 of, the Voting Agreement. 
 Permitted Transferee shall mean a transferee of shares of Class B Common Stock received in a Permitted Transfer. 
 Permitted Trust shall mean a bona fide trust where each trustee is (a) (i) a Qualified Stockholder or the Special Proxyholder, (ii) a Family Member, or (iii) a professional in the business of providing trustee services, including private professional fiduciaries, trust companies and bank trust departments, and (b) legally and contractually permitted to become a party to the Voting Agreement in accordance with Section 8.13 thereof. 
 Qualified Stockholder shall mean (a) the record holder of a share of Class B Common Stock as of 11 59 p.m. (New York City time) on the date when the Effective Time occurs (b) the initial record holder of any shares of Class B Common Stock that are originally issued by the Corporation after the Effective Time pursuant to the exercise or conversion of any Option or Convertible Security that, in each case, was outstanding as of the Effective Time and (c) a Permitted Transferee. 
 Transfer of a share of Class B Common Stock shall mean any sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, hypothecation or other transfer or disposition of such share or any legal or beneficial interest in such share, whether or not for value and whether voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law, including, without limitation, a transfer of a share of Class B Common Stock to a broker or other nominee (regardless of whether there is a corresponding change in beneficial ownership), or the transfer of, or entering into a binding agreement with respect to, Voting Control over such share by proxy or otherwise provided, however , that the following shall not be considered a Transfer within the meaning of this Section 9 of Part A of Article IV 
 (i) the granting of a revocable proxy to officers or directors of the Corporation at the request of the Board of Directors in connection with actions to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders 
 (ii) entering into a voting trust, agreement or arrangement (with or without granting a proxy) solely with stockholders who are holders of Class B Common Stock, which voting trust, agreement or arrangement does not involve any payment of cash, securities or other property to the holder of the shares subject thereto other than the mutual promise to vote shares in a designated manner for the avoidance of doubt, any voting trust, agreement or arrangement entered into prior to the Effective Time shall not constitute a Transfer 
 8 

(iii) entering into a voting trust, agreement or arrangement (with or without granting a proxy) pursuant to a written agreement to which the Corporation is a party or taking any actions contemplated thereby 
 (iv) the pledge of shares of Class B Common Stock by a stockholder that creates a mere security interest in such shares pursuant to a bona fide loan or indebtedness transaction for so long as such stockholder continues to exercise Voting Control over such pledged shares provided, however , that a foreclosure on such shares or other similar action by the pledgee shall constitute a Transfer unless such foreclosure or similar action otherwise qualifies as a Permitted Transfer 
 (v) the fact that, as of the Effective Time or at any time after the Effective Time, the spouse of any holder of Class B Common Stock possesses or obtains an interest in such holder s shares of Class B Common Stock arising solely by reason of the application of the community property laws of any jurisdiction, so long as no other event or circumstance shall exist or have occurred that constitutes a Transfer of such shares of Class B Common Stock provided that, any transfer of shares by any holder of shares of Class B Common Stock to such holder s spouse, including a transfer in connection with a divorce proceeding, domestic relations order or similar legal requirement, shall constitute a Transfer of such shares of Class B Common Stock, unless otherwise exempt from the definition of Transfer 
 (vi) entering into a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), with a broker or other nominee provided, however , that a sale of such shares of Class B Common Stock, pursuant to such plan shall constitute a Transfer at the time of such sale and 
 (vii) in connection with a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into any other entity, or in the case of any other transaction having an effect on stockholders substantially similar to that resulting from a merger or consolidation, such as the sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition (other than liens and encumbrances created in the ordinary course of business, including liens or encumbrances to secure indebtedness for borrowed money that are approved by the Board of Directors, so long as no foreclosure occurs in respect of any such lien or encumbrance) of all or substantially all of the Corporation s property and assets, that has been approved by the Board of Directors, the entering into a support, voting, tender or similar agreement or arrangement (in each case, with or without the grant of a proxy) that has also been approved by the Board of Directors or the consummation of the actions or transactions contemplated therein (including, without limitation, voting, tendering, selling, exchanging, or otherwise transferring or disposing of shares of Class B Common Stock or any legal or beneficial interest therein). 
 Voting Control means, with respect to a share of Class B Common Stock, the power (whether exclusive or shared) to vote or direct the voting of such share by proxy, voting agreement or otherwise. 
 Voting Agreement means that certain Voting Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2021, by and among the Corporation, the Founders, Tulco, LLC and the other parties named therein, as may be amended, restated, supplemented and or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 B. Preferred Stock . 
 Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each of such series to have such terms as stated or expressed herein and in the resolution or resolutions providing for the creation and issuance of such series adopted by the Board of Directors as 
 9 

hereinafter provided. Any shares of Preferred Stock which may be redeemed, purchased or acquired by the Corporation may be reissued except as otherwise provided by law. 
 Authority is hereby expressly granted to the Board of Directors from time to time to issue the Preferred Stock in one or more series, and in connection with the creation of any such series, by adopting a resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of the shares thereof and by filing a certificate of designation relating thereto in accordance with the DGCL (a Certificate of Designation ), to determine and fix the number of shares of such series and such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including without limitation thereof, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, and to increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series as shall be stated and expressed in such resolutions, all to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the resolution or resolutions providing for the creation and issuance of any series of Preferred Stock may provide that such series shall be superior or rank equally or be junior to any other series of Preferred Stock to the extent permitted by law and this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation). Except as otherwise required by law, holders of any series of Preferred Stock shall be entitled only to such voting rights, if any, as shall expressly be granted thereto by this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation). 
 ARTICLE V 
 For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation it is further provided that 
 A. General Powers . Except as otherwise expressly provided by the DGCL or this Certificate of Incorporation, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. 
 B. Number of Directors Election of Directors . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors and subject to the terms of the Voting Agreement, the number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be fixed exclusively by one or more resolutions adopted from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 C. Classes of Directors . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, the directors of the Corporation are hereby classified with respect to the time for which they severally hold office into three classes, designated as Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as possible, of one-third of the total number of such directors. The initial Class I directors shall serve for a term expiring at the first annual meeting of the stockholders following the time at which the initial classification of the Board of Directors becomes effective the initial Class II directors shall serve for a term expiring at the second annual meeting of the stockholders following the time at which the initial classification of the Board of Directors becomes effective and the initial Class III directors shall serve for a term expiring at the third annual meeting following the time at which the initial classification of the Board of Directors becomes effective. At each annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation following the time at which the initial classification of the Board of Directors becomes effective, the successors of the class of directors whose term expires at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election. The Board of Directors is authorized to assign members of the Board of Directors already in office to a class at the time such classification becomes effective. 
 10 

D. Term and Removal . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors and the rights granted pursuant to the Voting Agreement, each director shall hold office until the annual meeting at which such director s term expires and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. No decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors and the rights granted pursuant to the Voting Agreement, the Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed from office at any time and only for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of capital stock representing a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. 
 E. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors and the rights granted pursuant to the Voting Agreement, any newly created directorship that results from an increase in the number of directors or any vacancy on the Board of Directors that results from the death, disability, resignation, disqualification or removal of any director or from any other cause shall be filled solely by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and shall not be filled by the stockholders unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancy or newly created directorship shall be filled by the stockholders. Any director elected to fill a newly created directorship or vacancy in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders held to elect the class of directors to which such director is elected and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, or removal. 
 F. Preferred Stock Directors . Whenever the holders of any series of Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right as provided for herein (including any Certificate of Designation), voting separately as a series or separately as a class with one or more such other series, to elect directors, the election, term of office, removal and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article V, during the period when the holders of any series of Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right to elect additional directors, the number of directors to be elected by the holders of any such series of Preferred Stock shall be in addition to the number fixed pursuant to paragraph B of this Article V, and the total number of directors constituting the whole Board of Directors shall be automatically increased by such number of directors to be elected by the holders of any such series of Preferred Stock and each such additional director shall serve until such director s successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until such director s right to hold such office terminates pursuant to said provisions, whichever occurs earlier, subject to his earlier death, disqualification, resignation or removal. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Designation(s) in respect of any series of Preferred Stock, whenever the holders of any series of Preferred Stock having such right to elect additional directors are divested of such right pursuant to the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation), the terms of office of all such additional directors elected by the holders of such series of Preferred Stock, or elected to fill any vacancies resulting from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of such additional directors, shall forthwith terminate (in which case each such director thereupon shall cease to be qualified as, and shall cease to be, a director) and the total authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall automatically be reduced accordingly. 
 G. Vote by Ballot . The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the Bylaws so provide. 
 11 

ARTICLE VI 
 A. Consent of Stockholders In Lieu of Meeting . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, at any time when the holders of Class B Common Stock beneficially own, in the aggregate, at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents, setting forth the action so taken, are (1) signed by the holders of outstanding shares of the relevant class(es) or series of stock of the Corporation representing not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of stock of the Corporation then issued and outstanding (other than treasury stock) entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, and (2) delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, at any time when the holders of Class B Common Stock beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than the majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, and shall not be taken by consent in lieu of a meeting. 
 B. Special Meetings of Stockholders . Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called, for any purpose or purposes, at any time only by or at the direction of (i) the Chairperson of the Board of Directors (if any), (ii) the Chief Executive Officer or a Co-Chief Executive Officer or (iii) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. 
 C. Stockholder Nominations and Introduction of Business, Etc . Advance notice of stockholder nominations for election of directors and other business to be brought by stockholders before a meeting of stockholders shall be given in the manner provided by the Bylaws of the Corporation. 
 ARTICLE VII 
 No director of the Corporation shall have any personal liability to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or hereafter may be amended. Any amendment, repeal or modification of this Article VIII, or the adoption of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII, shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such amendment, repeal, modification or adoption. If the DGCL is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article VII to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as so amended. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 The Corporation shall have the power to provide rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses to its current and former officers, directors, employees and agents and to any person who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. 
 12 

ARTICLE IX 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (a) (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, this Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws (as either may be amended and or restated from time to time) or as to which the DGCL confers exclusive jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Court of Chancery ), or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware and (b) the federal district courts of the United States (the Federal Courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the first sentence of this Article IX, is filed in a court other than the Court of Chancery or the Federal Courts, as applicable, (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery or the Federal Courts, as applicable, in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the first sentence of this Article IX and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article IX. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Article IX shall not apply to claims seeking to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 ARTICLE X 
 A. Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation . The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change, adopt or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation provided, however , that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any vote of the holders of shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend or repeal, or adopt any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with Articles IV, V, VI, VII, VIII, IX and this Article X provided, however , for so long as any shares of Class B Common Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the prior affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, voting as a separate class, in addition to any other vote required by law or this Certificate of Incorporation and subject to the terms of the Voting Agreement, directly or indirectly, amend, alter, change, repeal or adopt any provision inconsistent with Part A of Article IV or this proviso of this Part A of Article X. 
 B. Amendment of Bylaws . In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon it by the DGCL, the Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation. The stockholders may not adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation unless such action is approved, in addition to any other vote required by this Certificate of Incorporation, by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 
 13 

2 3 of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 C. Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in respect of their good faith service to or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

14 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 figs-20221231xexx32.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of 
 FIGS, Inc. 
 (a Delaware corporation) 

Table of Contents 
 Page 
 
 Article I - Corporate Offices 
 1 1.1 Registered Office 
 1 1.2 Other Offices 
 1 Article II - Meetings of Stockholders 
 1 2.1 Place of Meetings 
 1 2.2 Annual Meeting 
 1 2.3 Special Meeting 
 1 2.4 Notice of Business to be Brought before a Meeting 
 2 2.5 Notice of Nominations for Election to the Board 
 4 2.6 Additional Requirements for Valid Nomination of Candidates to Serve as Director and, if Elected, to be Seated as Directors 
 5 2.7 Notice of Stockholders Meetings 
 8 2.8 Quorum 
 8 2.9 Adjourned Meeting Notice 
 8 2.10 Conduct of Business 
 9 2.11 Voting 
 9 2.12 Record Date for Stockholder Meetings and Other Purposes 
 9 2.13 Proxies 
 10 2.14 List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 
 10 2.15 Inspectors of Election 
 11 2.16 Delivery to the Corporation 
 11 Article III - Directors 
 11 3.1 Powers 
 11 3.2 Number Term Qualifications 
 11 3.3 Resignation Removal Vacancies 
 12 3.4 Place of Meetings Meetings by Telephone 
 12 3.5 Regular Meetings 
 12 3.6 Special Meetings Notice 
 12 3.7 Quorum 
 13 3.8 Board Action without a Meeting 
 13 3.9 Fees and Compensation of Directors 
 13 Article IV - Committees 
 13 4.1 Committees of Directors 
 13 4.2 Committee Minutes 
 14 4.3 Meetings and Actions of Committees 
 14 4.4 Subcommittees 
 14 Article V - Officers 
 14 
 i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

5.1 Officers 
 14 5.2 Appointment of Officers 
 15 5.3 Subordinate Officers 
 15 5.4 Removal and Resignation of Officers 
 15 5.5 Vacancies in Offices 
 15 5.6 Representation of Shares of Other Corporations 
 15 5.7 Authority and Duties of Officers 
 15 5.8 Compensation 
 15 Article VI - Records 
 16 Article VII - General Matters 
 16 7.1 Execution of Corporate Contracts and Instruments 
 16 7.2 Stock Certificates 
 16 7.3 Special Designation of Certificates 
 16 7.4 Lost Certificates 
 17 7.5 Shares Without Certificates 
 17 7.6 Construction Definitions 
 17 7.7 Dividends 
 17 7.8 Fiscal Year 
 17 7.9 Seal 
 17 7.10 Transfer of Stock 
 18 7.11 Stock Transfer Agreements 
 18 7.12 Registered Stockholders 
 18 7.13 Waiver of Notice 
 18 Article VIII - Notice 
 18 8.1 Delivery of Notice Notice by Electronic Transmission 
 18 Article IX - Indemnification 
 19 9.1 Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 20 9.2 Indemnification of Others 
 20 9.3 Prepayment of Expenses 
 20 9.4 Determination Claim 
 20 9.5 Non-Exclusivity of Rights 
 20 9.6 Insurance 
 20 9.7 Other Indemnification 
 20 9.8 Continuation of Indemnification 
 21 9.9 Amendment or Repeal Interpretation 
 21 Article X - Amendments 
 21 Article XI - Definitions 
 22 
 
 ii 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of 
 FIGS, Inc. 
 
 Article I - Corporate Offices 
 1.1 Registered Office . 
 The address of the registered office of FIGS, Inc. (the Corporation in the State of Delaware, and the name of its registered agent at such address, shall be as set forth in the Corporation s certificate of incorporation, as the same may be amended and or restated from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation ). 
 1.1 Other Offices . 
 The Corporation may have additional offices at any place or places, within or outside the State of Delaware, as the Corporation s board of directors (the Board may from time to time establish or as the business of the Corporation may require. 
 Article II - Meetings of Stockholders 
 2.1 Place of Meetings . 
 Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the Board. The Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). In the absence of any such designation or determination, stockholders meetings shall be held at the Corporation s principal executive office. 
 2.2 Annual Meeting . 
 The Board shall designate the date and time of the annual meeting. At the annual meeting, directors shall be elected and other proper business properly brought before the meeting in accordance with Section 2.4 of these Bylaws may be transacted. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any previously scheduled annual meeting of stockholders. 
 2.3 Special Meeting . 
 Special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by such persons and only in such manner as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 No business may be transacted at any special meeting of stockholders other than the business specified in the notice of such meeting. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any previously scheduled special meeting of stockholders. 

2.4 Notice of Business to be Brought before a Meeting . This Section 2.4 shall apply to any business that may be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders other than nominations for election to the Board at such meeting, which shall be governed by Section 2.5 and Section 2.6. Stockholders seeking to nominate persons for election to the Board must comply with Section 2.5 and Section 2.6 and this Section 2.4 shall not be applicable to nominations except as expressly provided in Section 2.5 and Section 2.6. 
 (a) At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (i) specified in a notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the Board, (ii) if not specified in a notice of meeting, otherwise brought before the meeting by the Board or the Chairperson of the Board, if any, or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder present in person who (A) (1) was a record owner of shares of the Corporation both at the time of giving the notice provided for in this Section 2.4 and at the time of the meeting, (2) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (3) has complied with this Section 2.4 in all applicable respects or (B) properly made such proposal in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (as so amended and inclusive of such rules and regulations, the Exchange Act ). The foregoing clause (iii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to propose business to be brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders. The only matters that may be brought before a special meeting are the matters specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling the meeting pursuant to Section 2.3, and stockholders shall not be permitted to propose business to be brought before a special meeting of the stockholders. For purposes of this Section 2.4 and Section 2.5, present in person shall mean that the stockholder proposing that the business be brought before the annual meeting of the Corporation, or a qualified representative of such proposing stockholder, appear at such annual meeting, and a qualified representative of such proposing stockholder shall be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or any other person authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders. 
 (b) Without qualification, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must (i) provide Timely Notice (as defined below) thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the Corporation and (ii) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 2.4. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however , that if the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not later than the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or, if later, the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was first made by the Corporation (such notice within such time periods, Timely Notice ). In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of Timely Notice as described above. 
 (c) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 2.4, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth 
 (i) As to each Proposing Person (as defined below), (A) the name and address of such Proposing Person (including, if applicable, the name and address that appear on the Corporation s books and records) and (B) the class or series and number of shares of the Corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned of record or beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) by such Proposing Person, except that such Proposing Person shall in all events be deemed to beneficially own any shares of any class or series of the Corporation as to which such Proposing Person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future (the disclosures 
 2 

to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (A) and (B) are referred to as Stockholder Information 
 (ii) As to each Proposing Person, (A) the full notional amount of any securities that, directly or indirectly, underlie any derivative security (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(c) under the Exchange Act) that constitutes a call equivalent position (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(b) under the Exchange Act) Synthetic Equity Position and that is, directly or indirectly, held or maintained by such Proposing Person with respect to any shares of any class or series of shares of the Corporation provided that , for the purposes of the definition of Synthetic Equity Position, the term derivative security shall also include any security or instrument that would not otherwise constitute a derivative security as a result of any feature that would make any conversion, exercise or similar right or privilege of such security or instrument becoming determinable only at some future date or upon the happening of a future occurrence, in which case the determination of the amount of securities into which such security or instrument would be convertible or exercisable shall be made assuming that such security or instrument is immediately convertible or exercisable at the time of such determination and, provided, further , that any Proposing Person satisfying the requirements of Rule 13d-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act (other than a Proposing Person that so satisfies Rule 13d-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act solely by reason of Rule 13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(E)) shall not be deemed to hold or maintain the notional amount of any securities that underlie a Synthetic Equity Position held by such Proposing Person as a hedge with respect to a bona fide derivatives trade or position of such Proposing Person arising in the ordinary course of such Proposing Person s business as a derivatives dealer, (B) any rights to dividends on the shares of any class or series of shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such Proposing Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (C) any material pending or threatened legal proceeding in which such Proposing Person is a party or material participant involving the Corporation or any of its officers or directors, or any affiliate of the Corporation, (D) any other material relationship between such Proposing Person, on the one hand, and the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation, on the other hand, (E) any direct or indirect material interest in any material contract or agreement of such Proposing Person with the Corporation or any affiliate of the Corporation (including, in any such case, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement), (F) a representation that such Proposing Person intends or is part of a group which intends to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal and (G) any other information relating to such Proposing Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies or consents by such Proposing Person in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (A) through (G) are referred to as Disclosable Interests provided, however , that Disclosable Interests shall not include any such disclosures with respect to the ordinary course business activities of any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these Bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner and 
 (iii) As to each item of business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, (A) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and any material interest in such business of each Proposing Person, (B) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), and (C) a reasonably detailed description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings (x) between or among any of the Proposing Persons or (y) between or among any Proposing Person and any other person or entity (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and (D) any other information relating to such item of business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies in 
 3 

support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act provided, however , that the disclosures required by this paragraph (iii) shall not include any disclosures with respect to any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these Bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner. 
 (d) For purposes of this Section 2.4, the term Proposing Person shall mean (i) the stockholder providing the notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf the notice of the business proposed to be brought before the annual meeting is made, and (iii) any participant (as defined in paragraphs (a)(ii)-(vi) of Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A) with such stockholder in such solicitation. 
 (e) A Proposing Person shall update and supplement its notice to the Corporation of its intent to propose business at an annual meeting, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.4 shall be true and correct as of the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this paragraph or any other Section of these Bylaws shall not limit the Corporation s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any proposal or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding matters, business or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of the stockholders. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at an annual meeting that is not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.4. The presiding officer of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine that the business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.4, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
 (g) This Section 2.4 is expressly intended to apply to any business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders other than any proposal made in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and included in the Corporation s proxy statement. In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.4 with respect to any business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, each Proposing Person shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to any such business. Nothing in this Section 2.4 shall be deemed to affect the rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 
 (h) For purposes of these Bylaws, public disclosure shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 2.5 Notice of Nominations for Election to the Board . 
 (a) Nominations of any person for election to the Board at an annual meeting or at a special meeting (but only if the election of directors is a matter specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the 
 4 

direction of the person calling such special meeting) may be made at such meeting only (i) as provided in the Voting Agreement (as defined below), (ii) by or at the direction of the Board, including by any committee or persons authorized to do so by the Board or these Bylaws, or (iii) by a stockholder present in person (A) who was a record owner of shares of the Corporation both at the time of giving the notice provided for in this Section 2.5 and at the time of the meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (C) has complied with this Section 2.5 and Section 2.6 as to such notice and nomination. Other than nominations made by a stockholder in accordance with the Voting Agreement, the foregoing clause (iii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at an annual meeting or special meeting. 
 (b) (i) Without qualification (other than as contemplated in Section 2.6(f)), for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at an annual meeting, the stockholder must (1) provide Timely Notice (as defined in Section 2.4) thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the Corporation, (2) provide the information, agreements and questionnaires with respect to such stockholder and its candidate for nomination as required to be set forth by this Section 2.5 and Section 2.6 and (3) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 2.5 and Section 2.6. 
 (ii) Without qualification (other than as contemplated in Section 2.6(f)), if the election of directors is a matter specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling a special meeting, then for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at a special meeting, the stockholder must (i) provide timely notice thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, (ii) provide the information with respect to such stockholder and its candidate for nomination as required by this Section 2.5 and Section 2.6 and (iii) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 2.5. To be timely, a stockholder s notice for nominations to be made at a special meeting must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such special meeting and not later than the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such special meeting or, if later, the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public disclosure (as defined in Section 2.4) of the date of such special meeting was first made. 
 (iii) In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or special meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 (iv) In no event may a Nominating Person provide Timely Notice with respect to a greater number of director candidates than are subject to election by stockholders at the applicable meeting. If the Corporation shall, subsequent to such notice, increase the number of directors subject to election at the meeting, such notice as to any additional nominees shall be due on the later of (A)(1) the conclusion of the time period for Timely Notice for an annual meeting or (2) the date set forth in Section 2.5(b)(ii) for a special meeting, and (B) the tenth day following the date of public disclosure (as defined in Section 2.4) of such increase. 
 (c) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 2.5, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth 
 (i) As to each Nominating Person (as defined below), the Stockholder Information (as defined in Section 2.4(c)(i), except that for purposes of this Section 2.5 the term Nominating Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places it appears in Section 2.4(c)(i)) 
 (ii) As to each Nominating Person, any Disclosable Interests (as defined in Section 2.4(c)(ii), except that for purposes of this Section 2.5 the term Nominating Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places it appears in Section 2.4(c)(ii) and the disclosure with respect to the business to be brought before the meeting in Section 2.4(c)(ii) shall be made with respect to the nomination of persons for election to the Board at the meeting) and 
 5 

(iii) As to each candidate whom a Nominating Person proposes to nominate for election as a director, (A) all information with respect to such candidate for nomination that would be required to be set forth in a stockholder s notice pursuant to this Section 2.5 and Section 2.6 if such candidate for nomination were a Nominating Person, (B) all information relating to such candidate for nomination that is required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14(a) under the Exchange Act (including such candidate s written consent to being named in the Corporation s proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected), (C) a description of any direct or indirect material interest in any material contract or agreement between or among any Nominating Person, on the one hand, and each candidate for nomination or his or her respective associates or any other participants in such solicitation, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 under Regulation S-K if such Nominating Person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the candidate for nomination were a director or executive officer of such registrant (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (A) through (C) are referred to as Nominee Information ), and (D) a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement as provided in Section 2.6(a). 
 (d) For purposes of this Section 2.5, the term Nominating Person shall mean (i) the stockholder providing the notice of the nomination proposed to be made at the meeting, (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf the notice of the nomination proposed to be made at the meeting is made, and (iii) any other participant in such solicitation. 
 (e) A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall be true and correct as of the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this paragraph or any other Section of these Bylaws shall not limit the Corporation s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any nomination or to submit any new nomination. 
 (f) In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.5 with respect to any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting, each Nominating Person shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to any such nominations. 
 2.6 Additional Requirements for Valid Nomination of Candidates to Serve as Director and, if Elected, to be Seated as Directors . 
 (a) To be eligible to be a candidate for election as a director of the Corporation at an annual or special meeting, a candidate must be nominated in the manner prescribed in Section 2.5 and the candidate for nomination, whether nominated by the Board or by a stockholder of record, must have previously delivered (with respect to nominations by stockholders pursuant to Section 2.5, within the time period for delivery of the stockholder s notice pursuant to Section 2.5), to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, (i) a completed written questionnaire (in a form provided by the Corporation upon 
 6 

request) with respect to the background, qualifications, stock ownership and independence of such proposed nominee and (ii) a written representation and agreement (in form provided by the Corporation upon request) that such candidate for nomination (A) is not and, if elected as a director during his or her term of office, will not become a party to (1) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given and will not give any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question that has not been disclosed to the Corporation (a Voting Commitment or (2) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such proposed nominee s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such proposed nominee s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (B) is not, and will not become a party to, any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation or reimbursement for service as a director that has not been disclosed therein or otherwise to the Corporation, (C) if elected as a director of the Corporation, will comply with all applicable corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality, stock ownership and trading and other policies and guidelines of the Corporation applicable to directors and in effect during such person s term in office as a director (and, if requested by any candidate for nomination, the Secretary of the Corporation shall provide to such candidate for nomination all such policies and guidelines then in effect), (D) if elected as director of the Corporation, intends to serve the entire term until the next meeting at which such candidate would face re-election and (E) consents to being named as a nominee in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-4(d) under the Exchange Act and any associated proxy card of the Corporation and agrees to serve if elected as a director. 
 (b) The Board may also require any proposed candidate for nomination as a director to furnish such other information as may reasonably be requested by the Board in writing prior to the meeting of stockholders at which such candidate s nomination is to be acted upon in order for the Board to determine the eligibility of such candidate for nomination to be an independent director of the Corporation, including, without limitation, eligibility in accordance with the Corporation s Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
 (c) A candidate for nomination as a director shall further update and supplement the materials delivered pursuant to this Section 2.6, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be true and correct as of the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (or any other office specified by the Corporation in any public announcement) not later than five (5) business days after the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this paragraph or any other Section of these Bylaws shall not limit the Corporation s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any proposal or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding nominees, matters, business or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of the stockholders. 
 (d) No candidate shall be eligible for nomination as a director of the Corporation unless such candidate for nomination and the Nominating Person seeking to place such candidate s name in nomination has complied with Section 2.5 and this Section 2.6, as applicable. The presiding officer at the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine that a nomination was not properly made in accordance with Section 2.5 and this Section 2.6, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare such determination to the meeting, the defective nomination shall be disregarded and any ballots cast for the candidate in question (but in the case of any form of ballot listing other qualified nominees, only the ballots cast for the nominee in question) shall be void and of no force or effect. 
 7 

(e) Subject to Section 2.6(f) of these Bylaws, no candidate for nomination shall be eligible to be seated as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with Section 2.5 and this Section 2.6. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, for so long as any party to that certain voting agreement, dated as of May 26, 2021, by and among the Corporation, Heather Hasson, Catherine Spear, Tulco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and the trusts party thereto (as may be amended from time to time, the Voting Agreement ), is entitled to nominate a director of the Corporation pursuant to the Voting Agreement, such party shall not be subject to Section 2.5 or this Section 2.6. 
 2.7 Notice of Stockholders Meetings . 
 Unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 8.1 of these Bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the place, if any, date and time of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. 
 2.8 Quorum . 
 Unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in person if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the stockholders. A quorum, once established at a meeting, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however, a quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the person presiding over the meeting or (ii) a majority in voting power of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided in Section 2.9 of these Bylaws until a quorum is present or represented. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. 
 2.9 Adjourned Meeting Notice . 
 When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At any adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 
 2.10 Conduct of Business . 
 The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the person presiding over the meeting. The Board may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as 
 8 

adopted by the Board, the person presiding over any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures (which need not be in writing) and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such presiding person, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the person presiding over the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present (including, without limitation, rules and procedures for removal of disruptive persons from the meeting) (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the person presiding over the meeting shall determine (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof and (v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The presiding person at any meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting (including, without limitation, determinations with respect to the administration and or interpretation of any of the rules, regulations or procedures of the meeting, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the person presiding over the meeting), shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter of business was not properly brought before the meeting and if such presiding person should so determine, such presiding person shall so declare to the meeting and any such matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the person presiding over the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 2.11 Voting . 
 Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or the DGCL, each stockholder shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder. 
 Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, at all duly called or convened meetings of stockholders at which a quorum is present, for the election of directors, a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect a director. Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or applicable law or pursuant to any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, each other matter presented to the stockholders at a duly called or convened meeting at which a quorum is present shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes) on such matter. 
 2.12 Record Date for Stockholder Meetings and Other Purposes . 
 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be the close of business on the next day preceding the day on which notice is first given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting. 
 9 

In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment or any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of capital stock, or for the purposes of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
 2.13 Proxies . 
 Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by law filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212 of the DGCL. A proxy may be in the form of an electronic transmission which sets forth or is submitted with information from which it can be determined that the transmission was authorized by the stockholder. 
 2.14 List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote . 
 The Corporation shall prepare, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (provided, however, that if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. The Corporation shall not be required to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the Corporation s principal executive office. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. Such list shall presumptively determine the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each of them. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list of stockholders required by this Section 2.14 or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. 
 2.15 Inspectors of Election . 
 Before any meeting of stockholders, the Corporation shall appoint an inspector or inspectors of election to act at the meeting or its adjournment and make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If any person appointed as inspector or any alternate fails to appear or fails or refuses to act, then the person presiding over the meeting shall appoint a person to fill that vacancy. 
 Such inspectors shall 
 10 

(i) determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the number of shares represented at the meeting and the validity of any proxies and ballots 
 (ii) count all votes or ballots 
 (iii) count and tabulate all votes 
 (iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspector(s) and 
 (v) certify its or their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting and its or their count of all votes and ballots. 
 Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspection with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspector s ability. Any report or certificate made by the inspectors of election is prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. The inspectors of election may appoint such persons to assist them in performing their duties as they determine. 
 2.16 Delivery to the Corporation . 
 Whenever this Article II requires one or more persons (including a record or beneficial owner of stock) to deliver a document or information to the Corporation or any officer, employee or agent thereof (including any notice, request, questionnaire, revocation, representation or other document or agreement), such document or information shall be in writing exclusively (and not in an electronic transmission) and shall be delivered exclusively by hand (including, without limitation, overnight courier service) or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and the Corporation shall not be required to accept delivery of any document not in such written form or so delivered. For the avoidance of doubt, the Corporation expressly opts out of Section 116 of the DGCL with respect to the delivery of information and documents to the Corporation required by this Article II. 
 Article III - Directors 
 3.1 Powers . 
 Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board. 
 3.2 Number Term Qualifications . 
 The total number of directors constituting the Board shall be determined from time to time as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. The Board shall be classified in the manner provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. Each director shall hold office until such time as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director s term of office expires. Directors need not be stockholders to be qualified for election or service as a director of the Corporation. The Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws may prescribe qualifications for directors. 
 3.3 Resignation Removal Vacancies . 
 Any director may resign at any time upon written or electronic transmission to the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall be effective upon delivery unless otherwise specified. Directors of the 
 11 

Corporation may be removed only as expressly provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. Newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies on the Board resulting from the death, resignation, disqualification, removal from office or other cause shall be filled as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 3.4 Place of Meetings Meetings by Telephone . 
 The Board may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware. 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the Board, or any committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 3.4 shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 3.5 Regular Meetings . 
 Regular meetings of the Board may be held within or outside the State of Delaware and at such time and at such place as which has been designated by the Board and publicized among all directors, either orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice-messaging system or other system designed to record and communicate messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic mail or other means of electronic transmission. No further notice shall be required for regular meetings of the Board. 
 3.6 Special Meetings Notice . 
 Special meetings of the Board for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chairperson of the Board, if any, the Chief Executive Officer or a Co-Chief Executive Officer, or a majority of the total number of directors constituting the Board. 
 Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be 
 (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone 
 (ii) sent by United States first-class mail, postage prepaid 
 (iii) sent by facsimile or electronic mail or 
 (iv) sent by other means of electronic transmission, 
 directed to each director at that director s address, telephone number, facsimile number or electronic mail address, or other address for electronic transmission, as the case may be, as shown on the Corporation s records. 
 If the notice is (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone, (ii) sent by facsimile or electronic mail, or (iii) sent by other means of electronic transmission, it shall be delivered or sent at least twenty-four (24) hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is sent by U.S. mail, it shall be deposited in the U.S. mail at least four (4) days before the time of the holding of the meeting. The notice need not specify the place of the meeting (if the meeting is to be held at the Corporation s principal executive office) nor the purpose of the meeting. 
 12 

3.7 Quorum . 
 At all meetings of the Board, unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, a majority of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business provided that, solely for the purposes of filling vacancies pursuant to Section 3.3 of these Bylaws, a meeting of the Board may be held if a majority of the directors then in office participate in such meeting. The vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. 
 3.8 Board Action without a Meeting . 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board, or the committee thereof, in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are maintained. Such action by written consent or consent by electronic transmission shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the Board. 
 3.9 Fees and Compensation of Directors . 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation, including fees and reimbursement of expenses, of directors for services to the Corporation in any capacity. Any director of the Corporation may decline any or all such compensation payable to such director in his or her discretion. 
 Article IV - Committees 
 4.1 Committees of Directors . 
 The Board may designate one (1) or more committees, each committee to consist, of one (1) or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one (1) or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent permitted by applicable law or provided in the resolution of the Board or in these Bylaws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) approve or adopt, or recommend to the stockholders, any action or matter expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval (other than the election of directors), or (ii) adopt, amend or repeal any bylaw of the Corporation. 
 4.2 Committee Minutes . 
 Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board when required. 
 13 

4.3 Meetings and Actions of Committees . 
 Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of 
 (i) Section 3.4 (place of meetings meetings by telephone) 
 (ii) Section 3.5 (regular meetings) 
 (iii) Section 3.6 (special meetings notice) 
 (iv) Section 3.8 (board action without a meeting) and 
 (v) Section 7.13 (waiver of notice), 
 with such changes in the context of those Bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the Board and its members. However 
 (i) the time of regular meetings of committees may be determined either by resolution of the Board or by resolution of the committee 
 (ii) special meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the Board or the chairperson of the applicable committee and 
 (iii) the Board may adopt rules for the governance of any committee to override the provisions that would otherwise apply to the committee pursuant to this Section 4.3, provided that such rules do not violate the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law. 
 4.4 Subcommittees . 
 Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or the resolutions of the Board designating the committee, a committee may create one (1) or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one (1) or more members of the committee, and delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee. 
 Article V - Officers 
 5.1 Officers . 
 The officers of the Corporation shall include a Chief Executive Officer or Co-Chief Executive Officers, a Chief Financial Officer and a Secretary. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board, a Chairperson of the Board, a Vice Chairperson of the Board, a Treasurer, one (1) or more Vice Presidents, one (1) or more Senior Vice Presidents, one (1) or more Assistant Treasurers, one (1) or more Assistant Secretaries, and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. No officer need be a stockholder or director of the Corporation. 
 5.2 Appointment of Officers . 
 The Board shall appoint the officers of the Corporation, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 of these Bylaws. 
 14 

5.3 Subordinate Officers . 
 The Board may appoint, or empower the Chief Executive Officer or each of the Co-Chief Executive Officers or, in the absence of any such Chief Executive Officer or the Co-Chief Executive Officers, the Chief Financial Officer, to appoint, such other officers and agents as the business of the Corporation may require. Each of such officers and agents shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board may from time to time determine. 
 5.4 Removal and Resignation of Officers . 
 Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by the Board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the Board, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board. Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice of resignation, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. If a resignation is made effective at a later date and the Corporation accepts the future effective date, the Board may fill the pending vacancy before the effective date if the Board provides that the successor shall not take office until the effective date. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party. 
 5.5 Vacancies in Offices . 
 Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board or as provided in Section 5.2. 
 5.6 Representation of Shares of Other Corporations . 
 The Chairperson of the Board, if any, the Chief Executive Officer or each of the Co-Chief Executive Officers, or the Chief Financial Officer, or any other person authorized by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or a Co-Chief Executive Officer, or the Chief Financial Officer, is authorized to vote, represent and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares or voting securities of any other corporation or other entity standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority. 
 5.7 Authority and Duties of Officers . 
 All officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be provided herein or designated from time to time by the Board and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the oversight of the Board. 
 5.8 Compensation . 
 The compensation of the officers of the Corporation for their services as such shall be fixed from time to time by or at the direction of the Board. An officer of the Corporation shall not be prevented from receiving compensation by reason of the fact that he or she is also a director of the Corporation. 
 15 

Article VI - Records 
 A stock ledger consisting of one or more records in which the names of all of the Corporation s stockholders of record, the address and number of shares registered in the name of each such stockholder, and all issuances and transfers of stock of the Corporation are recorded in accordance with Section 224 of the DGCL shall be administered by or on behalf of the Corporation. Any records administered by or on behalf of the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account, and minute books, may be kept on, or by means of, or be in the form of, any information storage device, or method, or one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic networks or databases), provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time and, with respect to the stock ledger, that the records so kept (i) can be used to prepare the list of stockholders specified in Sections 219 and 220 of the DGCL, (ii) record the information specified in Sections 156, 159, 217(a) and 218 of the DGCL, and (iii) record transfers of stock as governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in the State of Delaware. 
 Article VII - General Matters 
 7.1 Execution of Corporate Contracts and Instruments . 
 The Board, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 
 7.2 Stock Certificates . 
 The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board by resolution may provide that some or all of the shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated. Certificates for the shares of stock, if any, shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law . Every holder of stock represented by a certificate shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, any two officers authorized to sign stock certificates representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. The Chairperson or Vice Chairperson of the Board, if any, Chief Executive Officer (or a Co-Chief Executive Officer), the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, the Treasurer, if any, any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation shall be specifically authorized to sign stock certificates. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, or upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon. 
 7.3 Special Designation of Certificates . 
 If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or on the back of the certificate 
 16 

that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock (or, in the case of uncertificated shares, set forth in a notice provided pursuant to Section 151 of the DGCL) provided, however, that except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the DGCL, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face of back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock (or, in the case of any uncertificated shares, included in the aforementioned notice) a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights. 
 7.4 Lost Certificates . 
 Except as provided in this Section 7.4, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner s legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares. 
 7.5 Shares Without Certificates . 
 The Corporation may adopt a system of issuance, recordation and transfer of its shares of stock by electronic or other means not involving the issuance of certificates, provided the use of such system by the Corporation is permitted in accordance with applicable law. 
 7.6 Construction Definitions . 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural and the plural number includes the singular. 
 7.7 Dividends . 
 The Board, subject to any restrictions contained in either (i) the DGCL or (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in shares of the Corporation s capital stock. 
 The Board may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies. 
 7.8 Fiscal Year . 
 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board and may be changed by the Board. 
 7.9 Seal . 
 The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which shall be adopted and which may be altered by the Board. The Corporation may use the corporate seal by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced. 
 17 

7.10 Transfer of Stock . 
 Shares of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by law, the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws. Shares of stock of the Corporation shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation only by the holder of record thereof or by such holder s attorney duly authorized in writing, upon surrender to the Corporation of the certificate or certificates representing such shares endorsed by the appropriate person or persons (or by delivery of duly executed instructions with respect to uncertificated shares), with such evidence of the authenticity of such endorsement or execution, transfer, authorization and other matters as the Corporation may reasonably require, and accompanied by all necessary stock transfer stamps. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing the names of the persons from and to whom it was transferred. 
 7.11 Stock Transfer Agreements . 
 The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes or series of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. 
 7.12 Registered Stockholders . 
 The Corporation 
 (i) shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner and 
 (ii) shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 7.13 Waiver of Notice . 
 Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver, signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. 
 Article VIII - Notice 
 8.1 Delivery of Notice Notice by Electronic Transmission . 
 Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws may be given in writing directed to the stockholder s mailing address (or by electronic transmission directed to the stockholder s electronic mail address, as applicable) as it appears on the records of the Corporation and shall be given (1) if mailed, when the notice is deposited in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, (2) if delivered by courier service, the earlier of when the notice is received or left at such 
 18 

stockholder s address or (3) if given by electronic mail, when directed to such stockholder s electronic mail address unless the stockholder has notified the Corporation in writing or by electronic transmission of an objection to receiving notice by electronic mail. A notice by electronic mail must include a prominent legend that the communication is an important notice regarding the Corporation. 
 Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice or electronic transmission to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph, the Corporation may give a notice by electronic mail in accordance with the first paragraph of this section without obtaining the consent required by this paragraph. 
 Any notice given pursuant to the preceding paragraph shall be deemed given 
 (i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice 
 (ii) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice and 
 (iii) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a notice may not be given by an electronic transmission from and after the time that (1) the Corporation is unable to deliver by such electronic transmission two (2) consecutive notices given by the Corporation and (2) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice, provided, however, the inadvertent failure to discover such inability shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. 
 An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 Article IX - Indemnification 
 9.1 Indemnification of Directors and Officers . 
 The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any director or officer of the Corporation (a covered person who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while serving as a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.4, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person only if the Proceeding was authorized in the specific case by the Board. 
 19 

9.2 Indemnification of Others . 
 The Corporation shall have the power to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any employee or agent of the Corporation who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. 
 9.3 Prepayment of Expenses . 
 The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by any covered person, and may pay the expenses incurred by any employee or agent of the Corporation, in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition provided, however , that such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article IX or otherwise. 
 9.4 Determination Claim . 
 If a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of such Proceeding) under this Article IX is not paid in full within sixty (60) days, or a claim for advancement of expenses under this Article IX is not paid in full within thirty (30) days, after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation the claimant may thereafter (but not before) file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the claimant was not entitled to the requested indemnification or payment of expenses under applicable law. 
 9.5 Non-Exclusivity of Rights . 
 The rights conferred on any person by this Article IX shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 
 9.6 Insurance . 
 The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust enterprise or non-profit entity against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of the DGCL. 
 9.7 Other Indemnification . 
 The Corporation s obligation, if any, to indemnify or advance expenses to any person who was or is serving at its request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity shall be reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit enterprise. 
 20 

9.8 Continuation of Indemnification . 
 The rights to indemnification and to prepayment of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article IX shall continue notwithstanding that the person has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors, administrators, legatees and distributees of such person. 
 9.9 Amendment or Repeal Interpretation . 
 The provisions of this Article IX shall constitute a contract between the Corporation, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, each individual who serves or has served as a director or officer of the Corporation (whether before or after the adoption of these Bylaws), in consideration of such person s performance of such services, and pursuant to this Article IX the Corporation intends to be legally bound to each such current or former director or officer of the Corporation. With respect to current and former directors and officers of the Corporation, the rights conferred under this Article IX are present contractual rights and such rights are fully vested, and shall be deemed to have vested fully, immediately upon adoption of theses Bylaws. With respect to any directors or officers of the Corporation who commence service following adoption of these Bylaws, the rights conferred under this provision shall be present contractual rights and such rights shall fully vest, and be deemed to have vested fully, immediately upon such director or officer commencing service as a director or officer of the Corporation. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article IX shall not adversely affect any right or protection (i) hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification or (ii) under any agreement providing for indemnification or advancement of expenses to an officer or director of the Corporation in effect prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 
 Any reference to an officer of the Corporation in this Article IX shall be deemed to refer exclusively to the Chief Executive Officer (or a Co-Chief Executive Officer), Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary, or other officer of the Corporation appointed by (x) the Board pursuant to Article V of these Bylaws or (y) an officer to whom the Board has delegated the power to appoint officers pursuant to Article V of these Bylaws, and any reference to an officer of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be deemed to refer exclusively to an officer appointed by the Board (or equivalent governing body) of such other entity pursuant to the certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or equivalent organizational documents) of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. The fact that any person who is or was an employee of the Corporation or an employee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise has been given or has used the title of Vice President or any other title that could be construed to suggest or imply that such person is or may be an officer of the Corporation or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise (other than a title referenced in the first sentence of this paragraph) shall not result in such person being constituted as, or being deemed to be, an officer of the Corporation or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise for purposes of this Article IX. 
 Article X - Amendments 
 The Board is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws. The stockholders also shall have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws provided, however , that such action by stockholders shall require, in addition to any other vote required by the Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 21 

Article XI - Definitions 
 As used in these Bylaws, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 An electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, including the use of, or participation in, one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic networks or databases), that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process. 
 An electronic mail means an electronic transmission directed to a unique electronic mail address (which electronic mail shall be deemed to include any files attached thereto and any information hyperlinked to a website if such electronic mail includes the contact information of an officer or agent of the Corporation who is available to assist with accessing such files and information). 
 An electronic mail address means a destination, commonly expressed as a string of characters, consisting of a unique user name or mailbox (commonly referred to as the local part of the address) and a reference to an internet domain (commonly referred to as the domain part of the address), whether or not displayed, to which electronic mail can be sent or delivered. 
 The term person means any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, corporation, trust, business trust, joint stock company, joint venture, unincorporated association, cooperative or association or any other legal entity or organization of whatever nature, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity. 

22 

FIGS, Inc. 
 Certificate of Amendment and Restatement of Bylaws 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that he is the duly elected, qualified, and acting Secretary of FIGS, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), and that the foregoing Bylaws were adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation on May 5, 2021 to be effective as of June 1, 2021. 

s Todd Maron Todd Maron 
 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.1 1>
 4
 figs-20221231xexx1011.htm
 EX-10.1 1

figs-20221231xexx1011 

EXECUTION VERSION FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of February 27, 2023 (the First Amendment Effective Date ), is entered into between FIGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as the Lender. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Existing Credit Agreement (as defined below) or the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below), as applicable. RECITALS WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as the Lender, entered into that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 7, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended as set forth below, subject to the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement; and WHEREAS, the parties hereto are willing to amend the Existing Credit Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement; Effect of this Agreement; No Impairment; Treatment of Existing Eurodollar Rate Loans. (a) Effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date, the parties hereto agree that: (i) the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to (A) delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text or stricken text), and (B) add the bold underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double- underlined text or double-underlined text), in each case, as set forth in the credit agreement attached hereto as Annex A (the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended as set forth on Annex A attached hereto, the Amended Credit Agreement and (ii) each reference to Eurodollar Rate Loans in Exhibits C and D to the Existing Credit Agreement is amended to read Term SOFR Loans . The Amended Credit Agreement is not a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement. (b) Except as expressly modified and amended in this Agreement, all of the terms, provisions and conditions of the Loan Documents shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. The Loan Documents and any and all other documents heretofore, now or hereafter executed and delivered pursuant to the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby amended so that any reference to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. (c) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of any Secured Party under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified hereby, are ratified and affirmed in all respects 

2 and shall continue in full force and effect. Nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle any Loan Party to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. 2. Condition Precedent. This Agreement shall be effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date upon receipt by the Lender of counterparts of this Agreement duly executed by the Borrower and the Lender. 3. Payment of Expenses. The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Lender for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of Moore Van Allen PLLC, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 10.04(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement. 4. Miscellaneous. (a) The Loan Documents, and the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents, are hereby ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect according to their terms. This Agreement is a Loan Document. (b) The Borrower (i) agrees that the Collateral Documents continue to be in full force and effect and are not impaired or adversely affected in any manner whatsoever, (ii) confirms its grant of security interests pursuant to the Collateral Documents to which it is a party as Collateral for the Secured Obligations, and (iii) acknowledges that all Liens granted (or purported to be granted) pursuant to the Collateral Documents remain and continue in full force and effect in respect of, and to secure, the Secured Obligations. (c) The Borrower (i) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (ii) affirms all of its obligations under the Loan Documents, and (iii) agrees that this Agreement and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge its obligations under the Loan Documents. (d) The Borrower represents and warrants that: (i) The terms and conditions of this Agreement are within the Borrower s corporate or other organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. (ii) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Borrower, and the Borrower s performance of its obligations hereunder, (i) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (A) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, and (B) for such consents, approvals, registrations or filings the failure to make or obtain, as applicable, could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii)(A) will not violate the charter, articles or certificate of organization or 

3 incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or (B) will not violate any Law applicable to or binding upon the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of any such Person s property or to which any such Person or any of its property is subject, except for, solely in the case of the foregoing clause (b)(ii)(B) for violations which could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, (C) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any Subsidiary or the assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, except for such violations, defaults or right to payments which could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (D) will not result in the creation or imposition of, or other requirement to create, any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary. (iii) After giving effect to this Agreement, (A) the representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in this Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection therewith, shall (1) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and (2) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4(d)(iii)(A), the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.04(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b), respectively, of the Existing Credit Agreement, and (B) no Default exists. (e) This Agreement may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures, including facsimile or .pdf, and shall be considered an original, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. This Agreement may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts shall be one and the same Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 10.17 of the Amended Credit Agreement, the authorization under this Section 4(e) may include use or acceptance by the Lender of a manually signed counterpart of this Agreement which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into .pdf), or an electronically signed counterpart of this Agreement converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. (f) If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (i) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (ii) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

4 (g) THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. (h) The terms of Sections 10.13 and 10.14 of the Amended Credit Agreement with respect to submission to jurisdiction, waiver of venue and waiver of jury trial are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis, and the parties hereto agree to such terms. [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 

FIGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. BORROWER: FIGS, INC., a Delaware corporation By: /s/ Catherine Spear Name: Catherine Spear Title: Chief Executive Officer 

FIGS, INC. FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT LENDER: BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as the Lender By: /s/ David Barney Name: David Barney Title: Senior Vice President 

Annex A Amended Credit Agreement See attached. 

CREDIT AGREEMENT Dated as of September 7, 2021 among FIGS, INC., as the Borrower, CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF THE BORROWER PARTY HERETO, as the Guarantors, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as the Lender 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 1.01 Defined Terms. 1 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. 2624 1.03 Accounting Terms. 2625 1.04 Rounding. 2826 1.05 Times of Day. 2826 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts. 2826 1.07 UCC Terms. 2827 1.08 Rates. 2827 ARTICLE II REVOLVING COMMITMENT AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 2827 2.01 Revolving Loans. 2827 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Revolving Loans. 2927 2.03 Letters of Credit. 3029 2.04 Prepayments. 3534 2.05 Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitment. 3635 2.06 Repayment of Revolving Loans. 3735 2.07 Interest and Default Rate. 3736 2.08 Fees. 3836 2.09 Computation of Interest and Fees. 3837 2.10 Payments Generally; Evidence of Debt. 3837 2.11 Cash Collateral. 3937 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 3938 3.01 Taxes. 3938 3.02 Illegality. 4039 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates. 4039 3.04 Increased Costs. 4241 3.05 Compensation for Losses. 4442 3.06 Obligation to Mitigate. 4442 3.07 Survival. 4442 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 4442 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension. 4442 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions. 4644 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 4644 5.01 Organization; Powers. 4644 5.02 Authorization; Enforceability. 4745 5.03 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. 4745 5.04 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change. 4745 5.05 Properties. 4745 5.06 Litigation and Environmental Matters. 4846 5.07 Compliance with Laws and Agreements. 4846 5.08 Investment Company Status. 4846 5.09 Taxes. 4846 5.10 ERISA. 4947 5.11 Disclosure. 4947 5.12 Solvency. 4947 5.13 Insurance. 5048 5.14 Capitalization and Subsidiaries. 5048 i 

5.15 Security Interest in Collateral. 5048 5.16 Employment Matters. 5048 5.17 Margin Regulations. 5048 5.18 Use of Proceeds. 5149 5.19 No Burdensome Restrictions. 5149 5.20 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. 5149 5.21 Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions. 5149 5.22 Status as Affected Financial Institution; Status as Covered Entity. 5149 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 5250 6.01 Financial Statements and Other Information. 5250 6.02 Notice of Material Events. 5452 6.03 Existence. 5553 6.04 Payment of Obligations. 5553 6.05 Maintenance of Properties. 5553 6.06 Books and Records; Inspection Rights. 5553 6.07 Compliance with Laws. 5654 6.08 Use of Proceeds. 5654 6.09 Insurance. 5654 6.10 Depository Bank. 5654 6.11 Additional Guarantors; Additional Collateral; Further Assurances. 5654 6.12 Post-Closing Covenant. 5856 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 5856 7.01 Indebtedness. 5856 7.02 Liens. 6159 7.03 Fundamental Changes. 6260 7.04 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions. 6361 7.05 Asset Sales. 6563 7.06 Sale and Leaseback Transactions. 6664 7.07 Restricted Payments; Junior Debt Payments. 6664 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates. 6866 7.09 Restrictive Agreements. 6866 7.10 Amendment of Material Documents; Change in Legal Name, State of Organization, Form of Organization or Principal Place of Business. 6866 7.11 Financial Covenant. 6967 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 6967 8.01 Events of Default. 6967 8.02 Remedies upon Event of Default. 7169 8.03 Application of Funds. 7270 ARTICLE IX CONTINUING GUARANTY 7270 9.01 Guaranty. 7270 9.02 Rights of Lender. 7270 9.03 Certain Waivers. 7371 9.04 Obligations Independent. 7371 9.05 Subrogation. 7371 9.06 Termination; Reinstatement. 7371 9.07 Stay of Acceleration. 7472 9.08 Condition of Borrower. 7472 9.09 Appointment of Borrower. 7472 9.10 Right of Contribution. 7472 ii 

9.11 Keepwell. 7472 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 7573 10.01 Amendments, Etc. 7573 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications. 7573 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. 7674 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 7674 10.05 Payments Set Aside. 7876 10.06 Successors and Assigns. 7876 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. 7876 10.08 Right of Setoff. 7977 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation. 7978 10.10 Integration; Effectiveness. 8078 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties. 8078 10.12 Severability. 8078 10.13 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 8078 10.14 Waiver of Jury Trial; California Judicial Reference. 8179 10.15 Subordination. 8280 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. 8280 10.17 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts. 8381 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act Notice. 8382 10.19 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. 8482 iii 

SCHEDULES Schedule 1.01 Certain Addresses for Notices EXHIBITS Exhibit A Form of Compliance Certificate Exhibit B Form of Joinder Agreement Exhibit C Form of Loan Notice Exhibit D Form of Notice of Loan Prepayment Exhibit E Form of Revolving Note iv 

CREDIT AGREEMENT This CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of September 7, 2021 among FIGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Guarantors party hereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as the Lender. PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS: WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Lender make loans and other financial accommodations to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount of up to 100,000,000. WHEREAS, the Lender has agreed to make such loans and other financial accommodations to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: Acquisition means the acquisition, whether through a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of (a) a majority of the voting Equity Interests or other controlling ownership interest in another Person (including the purchase of an option, warrant or convertible or similar type security to acquire such a controlling interest at the time it becomes exercisable by the holder thereof), whether by purchase of such equity or other ownership interest or upon the exercise of an option or warrant for, or conversion of securities into, such equity or other ownership interest, or (b) assets of another Person that constitute all or substantially all of the assets of such Person or of a division, line of business or other business unit of such Person. Additional Secured Obligations means (a) all obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements, and (b) all reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcement and collection of the foregoing, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel, in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, expenses and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, expenses and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding; provided, that, Additional Secured Obligations of a Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution, or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 1 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Agreement means this Credit Agreement, including all schedules, exhibits and annexes hereto. Anti-Corruption Laws means all Laws of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. Applicable Rate means (a) with respect to Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans, 1.125 , and (b) with respect to Base Rate Loans, 0.125 . Approved Estate Planning Vehicle means, for any Person, any trust, entity, family partnership, or other similar estate planning vehicle established by or on behalf of, and for the primary benefit of, such Person. Approved Foreign Bank has the meaning specified in the definition of Cash Equivalents. Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(ii). Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Revolving Commitment pursuant to Section 2.05, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of the Lender to make Revolving Loans and L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02. Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period, or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus one-half of one percent (0.50 ), (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, and (c) the Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR plus one percent (1.00 ); provided, that, if the Base Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. Base Rate Loan means a Revolving Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. Benchmark means, initially, LIBOR; provided, that, if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 3.03(b), then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement 2 

to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. Benchmark Replacement means: (a) for purposes of Section 3.03(b)(i), the first alternative set forth below that can be determined by the Lender: (i) the sum of: (A) Term SOFR, plus (B) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) for an Available Tenor of one-month s duration, 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) for an Available Tenor of three-months duration, 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) for an Available Tenor of six-months duration, and 0.71513 (71.513 basis points) for an Available Tenor of twelve-months duration, or (ii) the sum of: (A) Daily Simple SOFR, plus (B) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points); provided, that, if initially LIBOR is replaced with the rate contained in clause (a)(ii) above and subsequent to such replacement, the Lender determines that Term SOFR has become available and is administratively feasible for the Lender in its sole discretion, and the Lender notifies the Borrower of such availability, then from and after the beginning of the Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, in each case, commencing no less than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, the Benchmark Replacement shall be as set forth in clause (a)(i) above; and (b) for purposes of Section 3.03(b)(ii), the sum of (i) the alternate benchmark rate, plus (ii) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Lender and the Borrower as the replacement Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by a Relevant Governmental Body, for Dollar-denominated credit facilities at such time; provided, that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than zero, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided, that, to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Lender, such Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Lender. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Lender decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Lender in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Lender decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Lender determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark 3 

Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Lender decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark other than LIBOR, the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark or a Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such administrator announcing or stating that all Available Tenors are or will no longer be representative, or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans, or shall or will otherwise cease; provided, that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Lender that will continue to provide any representative tenors of such Benchmark after such specific date. Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Burdensome Restriction means any consensual encumbrance or restriction of the type described in clause (a) or clause (b) of Section 7.09. Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Lender s Office is located or Los Angeles, California and, if such day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day that is also a London Banking Day. Capital Lease Obligation of any Person means any obligation of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligation is required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease or a financing lease on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Lender, as Collateral for L/C Obligations, (a) cash or deposit account balances, (b) backstop letters of credit entered into on terms, from issuers and in amounts satisfactory to the Lender, and/or (c) if the Lender shall agree, in its sole discretion, other credit support, in each case, in Dollars and pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such Cash Collateral and other credit support. Cash Equivalents means any of the following types of investments, to the extent owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries: (a)(i) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of 4 

not more than one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof; provided, that, the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof; and (ii) in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the government, governmental agency or applicable multinational intergovernmental organization of the country of such Foreign Subsidiary s organization or backed by the full faith and credit of the government, governmental agency or applicable multinational intergovernmental organization of the country of such Foreign Subsidiary s organization having maturities of not more than one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof; (b) readily marketable obligations issued by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof maturing within one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at the time of acquisition, the highest rating obtainable from Moody s or S (c) demand deposits, time deposits, repurchase agreements or reverse repurchase agreements with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, or that are guaranteed by, any commercial bank that (i)(A) is the Lender, or (B) is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, (ii) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated as described in clause (d) of this definition, and (iii) has combined capital and surplus of at least 500,000,000, in each case with maturities of not more than one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof; (d) commercial paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States and rated at least Prime-2 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or at least A-2 (or the then equivalent grade) by S P, in each case with maturities of not more than one (1) year from the date of acquisition thereof; (e) corporate promissory notes or other obligations maturing not more than one (1) year after the date of acquisition which at the time of such acquisition have, or are supported by, an unconditional guaranty from a corporation with similar obligations which have the highest rating obtainable from Moody s or S (f) investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in money market investment programs registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which are administered by financial institutions that have the highest rating obtainable from either Moody s or S P, and the portfolios of which are limited solely to investments of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e) of this definition; (g) other short-term investments utilized by Foreign Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management in investments of a type analogous to the foregoing; and (h) solely with respect to any Foreign Subsidiary, non-Dollar denominated (i) certificates of deposit of, bankers acceptances of, or time deposits with, any commercial bank which is organized and existing under the laws of the country in which such Foreign Subsidiary maintains its chief executive office and principal place of business (provided, that, such country is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development), and whose short-term commercial paper rating from S P is at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof or from Moody s is at least P-1 or the equivalent thereof (any such bank being an Approved Foreign Bank and maturing within one hundred eighty (180) days of the date of acquisition, and (ii) equivalents of demand deposit accounts which are maintained with an Approved Foreign Bank. Cash Management Agreement means any agreement that is not prohibited by the terms hereof to provide treasury or cash management services, including deposit accounts, overnight draft, credit cards, debit cards, p-cards (including purchasing cards and commercial cards), funds transfer, automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, controlled disbursement, lockbox, account reconciliation and reporting and trade finance services and other cash management services. CFC means a Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code. 5 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following, (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided, that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. Change of Control means any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than the Permitted Holders, becomes, or obtains rights (whether by means of warrants, options, or otherwise) to become, the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of at least 50.1 of the outstanding voting Equity Interests of the Borrower on a fully diluted basis. Closing Date means September 7, 2021. CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Collateral means any and all property owned, leased or operated by a Person covered by the Collateral Documents and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that may at any time be, become or be intended to be, subject to a security interest or Lien in favor of the Lender, on behalf of the Secured Parties, to secure the Secured Obligations; provided, that, the Collateral shall not include any Excluded Assets. Collateral Account has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(n)(i). Collateral Document means each of the Security Agreement, each Joinder Agreement, and each other agreement, instrument, or document executed in connection with this Agreement that is intended to create, perfect or evidence Liens to secure the Secured Obligations, including any other security agreement, pledge agreement, loan agreement, note, guarantee, subordination agreement, pledge, power of attorney, consent, assignment, contract, fee letter, notice, lease, financing statement, or other written matter whether theretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Loan Party and delivered to the Lender. Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). Communication means this Agreement, any other Loan Document and any other document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit A. Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR, Term SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate, as applicable, any conforming 6 

changes to the definitions of Base Rate , SOFR , Term SOFR and Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Lender (in consultation with the Borrower), to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Lender in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Lender determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Lender determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). Consolidated Capital Expenditures means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as a liability and including any expenditures of Capital Lease Obligations) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period determined on a consolidated basis that, in accordance with GAAP, are or are required to be included in purchase of property and equipment or similar items reflected in the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Covered Entity means any of the following: (a) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (b) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (c) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 10.19. Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Revolving Borrowing; and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the secured overnight financing rate SOFR published on such date by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). Debtor Relief Law means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and any other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Law of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction from time to time in effect. Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. Default Rate means (a) with respect to any Obligation for which a rate is specified, a rate per annum equal to two percent (2.0 in excess of the rate otherwise applicable thereto, and (b) with respect to any Obligation for which a rate is not specified or available, a rate per annum equal to the Base 7 

Rate, plus the Applicable Rate for Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans, plus two percent (2.0 ), in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits, proceedings and environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 5.06 of the Disclosure Letter. Disclosure Letter means that certain Disclosure Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, that was delivered to and accepted by Lender as of the Closing Date, to which each of the Schedules to such Disclosure Letter referenced herein is attached. Each reference to a Schedule of the Disclosure Letter shall refer to the applicable Schedule attached to the Disclosure Letter. Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. Early Opt-in Effective Date means, with respect to any Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Borrower. Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of (a) a determination by the Lender, or a notification by the Borrower to the Lender that the Borrower has made a determination, that Dollar- denominated credit facilities currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 3.03(b), are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR, and (b) the joint election by the Lender and the Borrower to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement. EBITDA means, for any period, Net Income for such period, plus (a) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining Net Income for such period, the sum of (i) Interest Expense for such period, (ii) income tax expense for such period, (iii) all amounts attributable to depreciation and amortization expense for such period, (iv) unrealized losses in respect of Swap Contracts, (v) any extraordinary non-cash charges for such period, (vi)(A) any other non-cash charges (including realized non-cash foreign exchange losses, non-cash stock based compensation charges, and non-cash losses due to transitioning to GAAP accounting policies) for such period (but excluding any non-cash charge in respect of an item that was included in Net Income in any other period), and (B) any payroll taxes paid in such period as a result of non-cash stock based compensation, (vii) fees and expenses directly incurred or paid in connection with (A) the Loan Documents, (B) any transaction not prohibited by this Agreement, and (C) to the extent permitted under the Loan Documents, issuances or incurrence of Indebtedness, issuances of Equity Interests or refinancing transactions and modifications of instruments (including any amortization or write-off of debt issuance or deferred financing costs, premiums, prepayment penalties, commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges), (viii) any non-recurring charges, costs, losses, fees and expenses directly incurred or paid directly as a result of discontinued operations or any sale or disposition of any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (ix)(A) any costs (including expenses 8 

and fees) incurred to the extent covered by indemnification provisions in any agreement or otherwise reimbursable by a third party, and (B) any costs incurred with respect to liability, casualty events or business interruption, to the extent covered by insurance and received during such period, (x) expected cost savings, operating expense reductions, restructuring charges and expenses and synergies related to dispositions, restructurings, cost savings initiatives, operating improvements and other similar initiatives projected by the Borrower in good faith to be realized as a result of any disposition, restructuring activity, consolidation, integration, operational change, or any investment, in each case within the four consecutive fiscal quarters following the consummation thereof, calculated as though such cost savings and other reductions had been realized on the first day of such period and net of the amount of actual benefits received during such period, (xi) any costs, charges, accruals, reserves or expenses in such period attributable to the undertaking and/or implementation of cost savings initiatives, operating expense reductions, integration, transition, facilities opening and pre-opening, business optimization and other restructuring and integration costs, charges accruals, reserves and expenses (including inventory optimization programs, software development costs, costs related to the closure or consolidation of facilities, stores and distribution centers, curtailments, costs related to entry into new markets, costs related to preopening and opening of stores, distribution centers or other facilities, consulting fees, signing costs, retention or completion bonuses, relocation expenses, severance payments, modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans and new systems design and implementation costs and project startup costs), (xii) any costs, fees, or expenses incurred in such period related to or in connection with the SPI Litigation in an aggregate amount not to exceed 12,000,000 in any four fiscal quarter period, (xiii) any extraordinary freight charges, costs, or expenses in such period as a result of economic conditions outside of the control of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (xiv) net losses (including all fees, expenses and charges related thereto) in such period in connection with the retirement or extinguishment of Indebtedness, and (xv) non-recurring cash charges in such period, minus (b) without duplication and to the extent included in Net Income, (i) any cash payments made during such period in respect of non-cash charges described in clause (a)(vi) taken in any other period, and (ii) any extraordinary gains and any non-cash items of income for such period, all calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount added back pursuant to clauses (a)(vi)(B), (a)(x), (a)(xi), (a)(xii), (a)(xiii) and (a)(xv) in any period shall not exceed an amount equal to twenty seven and one-half percent (27.5 of EBITDA for such period (calculated prior to giving effect to all such add backs). EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Electronic Copy has the specified in Section 10.17. Electronic Record has the meaning specified in 15 USC 7006. 9 

Electronic Signature has the meaning specified in 15 USC 7006. Environmental Law means any law, rule, regulation, code, ordinance, order, decree, judgment, injunction, notice or binding agreement issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority relating in any way to the (a) the environment, (b) preservation or reclamation of natural resources, (c) management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material, or (d) health and safety matters. Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities) whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law, directly or indirectly relating to (a) any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials, or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event (as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder) with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived), (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan, (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan, (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan, (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, or in critical status, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. Eurodollar Rate means: (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period LIBOR )) as published on the applicable 10 

Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Lender from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; (b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR, at or about 11:00 a.m., London time, determined two (2) London Banking Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits with a term of one month commencing that day; provided, that, if the Eurodollar Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. Eurodollar Rate Loan means a Revolving Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Eurodollar Rate. Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Excluded Account means (a) any deposit account or securities account that is not maintained in the United States, (b) any deposit account or securities account for which it is necessary or desirable for the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary to maintain such account in a jurisdiction where the Lender does not maintain a material physical presence, (c) any account maintained exclusively for payroll or other employee wage and benefit purposes, (d) any escrow account, (e) any investment account, (f) any account into which cash collateral of the type described on Schedule 7.02 of the Disclosure Letter is deposited (but only for so long as the letters of credit described on Schedule 7.01 of the Disclosure Letter remain outstanding), and (g) any petty cash account (provided, that, the aggregate amount on deposit at any time in all such accounts excluded pursuant to this clause (f) shall not exceed 100,000). Excluded Asset means (a) any fee-owned real property (including any leasehold interest therein), (b) any asset in respect of which pledges and security interests are prohibited by applicable Law or agreements with any Governmental Authority (other than to the extent that such prohibition would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Section 9-406, 9-407, 9-408, 9-409 or other applicable provisions of the UCC of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable Law) (provided, that, immediately upon the ineffectiveness, lapse or termination of any such prohibitions, such asset shall automatically cease to constitute an Excluded Asset), (c) any Equity Interests in any Person other than wholly-owned Subsidiaries to the extent not permitted by customary terms in such Person s organizational or joint venture documents (unless any such restriction would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Section 9-406, 9-407, 9-408, 9-409 or other applicable provisions of the UCC of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable Law), (d) any lease, license or other agreement, or any property subject to a purchase money security interest, similar arrangement or other contractual restriction, in each case to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement, purchase money or other arrangement or contractual restriction or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Lender) (other than (i) proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC notwithstanding such prohibition, (ii) to the extent that any such term has been waived, or (iii) to the extent any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Section 9-406, 9-407, 9-408, 9-409 or other applicable provisions of the UCC of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable Law) (provided, that, immediately upon the ineffectiveness, lapse or termination of any such express term, such asset shall automatically cease to 11 

constitute an Excluded Asset), (e) any intent-to-use application for registration of a trademark filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. 1051, prior to the filing of a Statement of Use pursuant to Section 1(d) of the Lanham Act of an Amendment to Allege Use pursuant to Section 1(c) of the Lanham Act with respect thereto, solely to the extent, if any, that and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of any registration that issues from such intent-to-use application under applicable federal law, (f) Margin Stock, (g) any commercial tort claim (as defined in the UCC) with a value of less than 500,000, (h) any voting Equity Interests in a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC or in a Foreign Subsidiary Holding Company, in each case, in excess of 65 of the total voting Equity Interests in such Subsidiary, and (i) any other asset where the cost of obtaining or perfecting a security interest in such asset exceeds the practical benefit to the Secured Parties afforded thereby as reasonably determined by the Lender in writing (in consultation with the Borrower) (provided, that, the defined term Excluded Asset shall not include any proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Asset (unless such proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements would otherwise constitute an Excluded Asset)). Excluded Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is (a) not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, (b) a CFC, (c) an Immaterial Subsidiary, (d) prohibited or restricted (but only for so long as such Subsidiary would be prohibited or restricted) by (i) applicable Law, or (ii) by binding contractual restriction existing on the Closing Date (or, in the case of any newly acquired Subsidiary, in existence at the time of acquisition but not entered into contemplation thereof) from guaranteeing the Secured Obligations, (e) not able to guarantee the Secured Obligations without obtaining consent, approval, license or authorization from any Governmental Authority (and such consent, approval, license or authorization has not been obtained), (f) not able to guarantee the Secured Obligations without resulting in material adverse tax consequences, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the Lender, (g) a Foreign Subsidiary Holding Company, (h) a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a CFC or a Foreign Subsidiary Holding Company, (i) a special purpose securitization vehicle (or similar entity), (j) a not-for- profit Subsidiary, (k) a captive insurance Subsidiary, and (l) a Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Borrower and the Lender, the burden or cost of providing a guarantee of the Secured Obligations shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Secured Parties therefrom. Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Loan Guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a Lien to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 9.11 and any other keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor and any and all guarantees of such Guarantor s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the Loan Guaranty of such Guarantor, or grant by such Guarantor of a Lien, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement governing more than one Swap Contract, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swap Contracts for which such Loan Guaranty or Lien is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition. Facility Termination Date means the date as of which all of the following shall have occurred: (a) the Revolving Commitment has terminated, (b) all Obligations have been paid in full in cash (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted), and (c) all Letters of Credit have terminated or expired (other than Letters of Credit as to which other arrangements with respect thereto satisfactory to the Lender shall have been made). 12 

FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. FCA has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b)(i). Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective date; provided, that, if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Financial Officer means, with respect to any Loan Party, the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such Loan Party. Foreign Subsidiary means each Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. Foreign Subsidiary Holding Company means any Domestic Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which consist of the Equity Interests (including any debt instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of one or more CFCs. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth from time to time in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority within the accounting profession) including the FASB ASC, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied and subject to Section 1.03. Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra- national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided, that, the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such 13 

obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the stated or determinable amount of the primary payment obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made, and (ii) the maximum amount for which the guaranteeing Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee, unless such primary payment obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing Person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of the Guarantee shall be such guaranteeing Person s maximum reasonably possible liability in respect thereof as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith. Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 9.01. Guarantor means (a) each Subsidiary that becomes a Guarantor after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.11, and (b) with respect to Additional Secured Obligations owing by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any Swap Obligation of a Specified Loan Party (determined before giving effect to Sections 9.01 and 9.11) under the Loan Guaranty, the Borrower. Hazardous Material means: (a) any substance, material, or waste that is included within the definitions of hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous waste, toxic substances, toxic materials, toxic waste, or words of similar import in any Environmental Law; (b) any substance listed as a hazardous substance by the United States Department of Transportation (or any successor agency) (49 C.F.R. 172.101 and amendments thereto) or by the Environmental Protection Agency (or any successor agency) (40 C.F.R. Part 302 and amendments thereto); and (c) any substance, material, or waste that is petroleum, petroleum-related, or a petroleum by-product, asbestos or asbestos-containing material, polychlorinated biphenyls, flammable, explosive, radioactive, freon gas, radon, or a pesticide, herbicide, or any other agricultural chemical. IBA has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b)(i). Immaterial Subsidiary means, as of any date of determination, any Subsidiary that (a) for the four fiscal quarter period of the Borrower most recently ended on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been (or required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b), as applicable, contributed five percent (5.0 or less to EBITDA for such period, or (b) as of the last day of the four fiscal quarter period of the Borrower most recently ended on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been (or required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b), as applicable, has consolidated assets representing five percent (5.0 of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date. Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services if and to the extent such obligation would appear as a liability upon the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP (excluding (i) accounts payable or other liability to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business and not overdue for more than ninety (90) days, and (ii) deferred compensation and severance, pension, health and welfare retirement and equivalent benefits to current or former directors, managers, officers, employees, members of management and consultants such Person and its Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed (provided, that, if such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable in respect of such Indebtedness, such obligations shall be 14 

deemed to be in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the unpaid amount of such Indebtedness, and (ii) the fair market value of such property at the time of determination (in the Borrower s good faith estimate)), (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments (with such obligations being deemed to be the maximum amount available to be drawn thereunder), (i) obligations of such Person under any earn-out (which for all purposes of this Agreement shall be valued at the maximum potential amount payable with respect to each such earn-out), (j) all other Off-Balance Sheet Liability of such Person, and (k) all net obligations of such Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (i) all Swap Contracts, and (ii) all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Contract transaction. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Indebtedness shall not include operating leases. Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b). Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07. Interest Expense means, with reference to any period, total interest expense (including that attributable to Capital Lease Obligations) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances and net costs under Swap Contracts in respect of interest rates, to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP), calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period in accordance with GAAP. Interest Payment Date means: (a) as to any Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan and the Maturity Date; provided, that, if any Interest Period for a Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan exceeds three (3) months, the respective dates that fall every three (3) months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates,; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date. Interest Period means, as to each Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan and ending on the date one (1), three (3), or six (6) or twelve (12) months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability), as selected by the Borrower in its Loan Notice; provided, that, (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period, and (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. ISP means the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time). 15 

Issuer Document means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application for such Letter of Credit and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the Lender and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the Lender and relating to such Letter of Credit. Joinder Agreement means a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B executed and delivered in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.11. Junior Debt means (a) any Subordinated Indebtedness, (b) any Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the Collateral junior to the Liens created under the Collateral Documents, or (c) any Indebtedness for borrowed money that is unsecured. Junior Debt Payment means any voluntary or optional payment or prepayment of principal of, or any redemption, purchase, retirement, extinguishment, defeasance, discharge or other satisfaction prior to the scheduled maturity of (including any optional redemption, refinancing, conversion, required repurchase, exchange, open market purchase, or privately negotiated purchase), any Junior Debt. Law or law means any international, foreign, federal, state or local statute, treaty, rule, guideline, regulation, ordinance, code, or administrative or judicial precedent or authority, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and any applicable administrative order, directed duty, request, license, authorization, or permit of, or agreement with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof, the extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. L/C Disbursement means any payment made by the Lender pursuant to a Letter of Credit. L/C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit as of such date, plus the aggregate of all unreimbursed amounts with respect to any L/C Disbursement as of such date. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. Lender means Bank of America. Lender s Office means the Lender s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 1.01, or such other address or account as the Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower, which office may include any Affiliate of the Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of the Lender or such Affiliate. Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued hereunder. A Letter of Credit may be a commercial letter of credit or a standby letter of credit. Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the Lender. 16 

Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is seven (7) days prior to the Maturity Date (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(j). Letter of Credit Sublimit means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 25,000,000 and (b) the Revolving Facility. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Facility. LIBOR has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurodollar Rate. Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset, and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. Loan Document means each of this Agreement, the Disclosure Letter, the Revolving Note, each Issuer Document, each Collateral Document, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant, each Compliance Certificate, each other certification delivered in connection with this Agreement, each intercreditor agreement executed by the Lender, each subordination agreement executed by the Lender, and each other agreement, instrument, document or certificate identified in Section 4.01 executed and delivered to, or in favor of, the Lender (but specifically excluding any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Secured Cash Management Agreement). Loan Guaranty means, collectively, the Guarantee made by the Guarantors under Article IX in favor of the Secured Parties, together with each other guaranty delivered pursuant to Section 6.11. Loan Notice means a notice delivered pursuant to Section 2.02(a) of (a) a Revolving Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C or such other form as may be approved by the Lender (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Lender), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Loan Party means each of the Borrower and each Guarantor. London Banking Day means any day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable. Master Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Swap Contract. Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the ability of any Loan Party to perform any of its Obligations, (c) the value of the Collateral, taken as a whole, or the priority of Lender s Liens (on behalf of itself and the other Secured Parties) thereon, or (d) the rights of or remedies available to the Lender under any of the Loan Documents. 17 

Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Contracts, of any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Contract at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Contract were terminated at such time. Maturity Date means September 7, 2026; provided, that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 10.09. Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.11(a)(i) or (a)(ii), an amount equal to one hundred two percent (102 of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, and (b) otherwise, an amount determined by Lender. Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. Net Income means, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) determined for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, that, there shall be excluded therefrom (a) the income (or deficit) of any Person accrued prior to the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (b) the income (or deficit) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any such income is actually received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions, and (c) the undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary is not permitted by the terms of its organizational documents or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule, or governmental regulation applicable to such Subsidiary. Non-Extension Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(ii). Notice Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the greater of (a) 10,000,000, and (b) ten percent (10 of TTM EBITDA. Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Revolving Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit D or such other form as may be approved by the Lender (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Lender), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Obligations means (a) all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit, and (b) all reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcement and collection of the foregoing, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel, in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, expenses and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof pursuant to any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as 18 

the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, expenses and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding; provided, that, without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations of a Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor. OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. Off-Balance Sheet Liability of a Person means (a) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (b) any indebtedness, liability or obligation under any so-called synthetic lease transaction entered into by such Person, or (c) any indebtedness, liability or obligation arising with respect to any other transaction that is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but that does not constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such Person (other than operating leases). Other Rate Early Opt-in means the Lender and the Borrower have elected to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement other than a SOFR-based rate pursuant to (a) an Early Opt-in Election, and (b) Section 3.03(b)(ii) and clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement. Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to Revolving Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any Revolving Borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Revolving Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date, and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of unreimbursed amounts with respect to any L/C Disbursement. Patriot Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.18. PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA. Permitted Acquisition means an Acquisition by a Loan Party (the Person or division, line of business or other business unit of the Person to be acquired in such Acquisition shall be referred to herein as the Target ), in each case that is a type of business (or assets used in a type of business) permitted to be engaged in by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, in each case so long as (a) no Default shall then exist or would exist after giving effect thereto, (b) the Loan Parties shall demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of the Lender that, after giving Pro Forma Effect to the Acquisition and the incurrence of any Indebtedness in connection therewith, the Total Net Leverage Ratio recalculated as of the end of the twelve-month period most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) shall be at least 0.25 less than the then applicable level set forth in Section 7.11, and (c) such Acquisition shall not be a hostile Acquisition and shall have been approved by the board of directors (or equivalent) and/or shareholders (or equivalent) of the applicable Loan Party and the Target. Permitted Encumbrances means: (a) Liens imposed by law for Taxes if the applicable Person is in compliance with Section 6.04; (b) carriers , landlord s, warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing 19 

obligations that are not overdue by more than ninety (90) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04; (c) pledges and deposits (i) made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations or employment laws or to secure other public, statutory or regulatory obligations, and (ii) with respect to letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments issued for the account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business supporting obligations of the type set forth in clause (c)(i) above; (d) pledges and deposits to (i) secure the performance of bids, trade and commercial contracts, government contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance and completion bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments issued for the account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business supporting obligations of the type set forth in clause (d)(i) above; (e) judgment Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(k) or securing appeal or surety bonds related to such judgments; (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (g) banker s liens, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with depository institutions and payment processors; provided, that such deposit accounts or funds are not established or deposited for the purpose of providing collateral for any Indebtedness; (h) any interest or title of a licensor under any license or sublicense entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary as a licensee or sublicensee (i) existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 7.02 of the Disclosure Letter, or (ii) in the ordinary course of its business; (i) non-exclusive licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted (i) between or among any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries (or any combination thereof), or (ii) to other Persons permitted under Section 7.03; (j) possessory Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Cash Equivalents; (k) statutory Liens of landlords; (l) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; and (m) any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor under any leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary as lessee, sublessee, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor in the ordinary course of business. Permitted Holder means each of (a)(i) Thomas J. Tull, (ii) any entity that is, directly or indirectly, Controlled by the individual referenced in clause (a)(i) above, (iii) any Approved Estate 20 

Planning Vehicle of the individual referenced in clause (a)(i) above, and (iv) after the individual referenced in clause (a)(i) above dies or becomes incapacitated, the heirs or beneficiaries of the individual referenced in clause (a)(i) above, (b)(i) Heather Hasson, (ii) any entity that is, directly or indirectly, Controlled by the individual referenced in clause (b)(i) above, (iii) any Approved Estate Planning Vehicle of the individual referenced in clause (b)(i) above, and (iv) after the individual referenced in clause (b)(i) above dies or becomes incapacitated, the heirs or beneficiaries of the individual referenced in clause (b)(i) above, and (c)(i) Catherine Spear, (ii) any entity that is, directly or indirectly, Controlled by the individual referenced in clause (c)(i) above, (iii) any Approved Estate Planning Vehicle of the individual referenced in clause (c)(i) above, and (iv) after the individual referenced in clause (c)(i) above dies or becomes incapacitated, the heirs or beneficiaries of the individual referenced in clause (c)(i) above. Permitted Lien means any Lien permitted under Section 7.02. Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Pro Forma Basis, Pro Forma Compliance and Pro Forma Effect means, in respect of a Specified Transaction, that such Specified Transaction and the following transactions in connection therewith (to the extent applicable) shall be deemed to have occurred on and as of the first day of the relevant period: (a)(i) with respect to any Disposition or any sale, transfer or other disposition that results in a Person ceasing to be a Subsidiary, income statement and cash flow statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the Person or property disposed of shall be excluded, and (ii) with respect to any Acquisition or other investment that results in a Person becoming a Subsidiary, income statement and cash flow statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the Person or property acquired shall be included to the extent relating to any period applicable in such calculations to the extent (A) such items are not otherwise included in such income statement items for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP or in accordance with any defined terms set forth in Section 1.01, and (B) such items are supported by financial statements or other information reasonably satisfactory to the Lender; (b) any retirement of Indebtedness (it being understood and agreed that in connection with any retirement of Indebtedness, interest accrued during the relevant period shall be excluded from the applicable calculations); and (c) any incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (and if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate which is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination); provided, that, (x) Pro Forma Basis, Pro Forma Compliance and Pro Forma Effect in respect of any Specified Transaction shall be calculated in a reasonable and factually supportable manner, and (y) any such calculation shall be subject to the applicable limitations set forth in the definition of EBITDA. Projections has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(e). QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 21 

QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 10.19. Qualified ECP Guarantor means, at any time, each Loan Party with total assets exceeding 10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Refinance Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(f). Regulation D means Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation U means Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors, consultants, service providers and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. Release means any releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, migrating, disposing, or dumping of any substance into the environment. Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. Report means any report prepared by the Lender or another Person showing the results of appraisals, field examinations or audits pertaining to the Borrower s or any of its Subsidiary s assets from information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower, after the Lender has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement. Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Revolving Borrowing, or a conversion or continuation of Revolving Loans, a Loan Notice, and (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application Requirement of Law means, with respect to any Person, (a) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and (b) any Law applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Responsible Officer means, with respect to any Loan Party, (a) a chief executive officer, a Financial Officer, or the president of such Loan Party, (b) solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates or other similar certificates to which organizational documents and/or resolutions are attached, the secretary or any assistant secretary of such Loan Party, and (c) solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of such Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Lender. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. To 22 

the extent requested by the Lender, each Responsible Officer will provide an incumbency certificate and to the extent requested by the Lender, appropriate authorization documentation, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender. Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and for the avoidance of doubt, the conversion of any convertible debt security into an Equity Interests shall not constitute a Restricted Payment. Revolving Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period, made by the Lender pursuant to Section 2.01. Revolving Commitment means the Lender s obligation to (a) make Revolving Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01, and (b) issue Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.03. The Revolving Commitment on the Closing Date shall be 100,000,000. Revolving Facility means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Lender s Revolving Commitment at such time. Revolving Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01. Revolving Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of the Lender evidencing Revolving Loans made by the Lender substantially in the form of Exhibit E. S P means Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S P Global Inc. Sale and Leaseback Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 7.06. Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Closing Date, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria). Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, HerHis Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or HerHis Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority. Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b). SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 23 

Secured Cash Management Agreement means any Cash Management Agreement between the Borrower or any Subsidiary and the Lender or an Affiliate of the Lender. Secured Hedge Agreement means any interest rate, currency, foreign exchange, or commodity Swap Contract not prohibited by this Agreement between the Borrower or any Subsidiary and the Lender or an Affiliate of the Lender. Secured Obligations means all Obligations and all Additional Secured Obligations. Secured Party means each of the Lender, any Affiliate of the Lender party to Secured Cash Management Agreement or a Secured Hedge Agreement, and each Indemnitee. Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933. Security Agreement means the pledge and security agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed in favor of the Lender by each of the Loan Parties. SOFR has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator). SOFR Early Opt-in means the Lender and the Borrower have elected to replace LIBOR pursuant to (a) an Early Opt-in Election, and (b) Section 3.03(b)(i) and clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement. SOFR Adjustment means: (a) with respect to Daily Simple SOFR, 0.10 (10 basis points); and (b) with respect to Term SOFR, (i) 0.10 (10 basis points) for an Interest Period of one-month s duration, (ii) 0.10 (10 basis points) for an Interest Period of three-months duration, and (iii) 0.10 (10 basis points) for an Interest Period of six-months duration. Specified Loan Party means any Loan Party that is not then an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act (determined prior to giving effect to Section 9.11). Specified Transaction means (a) any Acquisition, any Disposition, any sale, transfer or other disposition that results in a Person ceasing to be a Subsidiary, or any investment that results in a Person becoming a Subsidiary, (b) any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, or (c) any other event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires Pro Forma Compliance with a test or covenant, calculation as to Pro Forma Effect with respect to a test or covenant, or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. SPI means Strategic Partners, Inc. SPI Litigation means, collectively, (a) the action filed by SPI against the Borrower in the Superior Court for the County of Los Angeles, in which SPI alleges, among other things, false advertising, unfair business practices, untrue and misleading advertising, intentional interference with prospective economic relations, conversion and breach of fiduciary duty, which case was removed to the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California in March 2019, (b) the action filed by SPI on September 3, 2019 against the Borrower s co-founders and co-Chief Executive Officers in Los Angeles Superior Court covering the same subject matter as specified in clause (a) above, which action has been stayed until the conclusion of the action specified in clause (a) above, and (c) any other proceeding 24 

(including arbitration, judicial reference or any other dispute resolution process) brought by any Person involving the same or substantially the same subject matter described in clause (a) or clause (b) above. Subordinated Indebtedness of a Person means any Indebtedness of such Person, the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the Secured Obligations to the written reasonable satisfaction of the Lender. Subordinating Loan Party has the specified in Section 10.15. Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of the voting Equity Interests are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b). Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 10.19. Swap Contract means (a) any rate swap transaction, basis swap, credit derivative transaction, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, forward commodity contract, equity or equity index swap or option, bond or bond price or bond index swap or option or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transaction, interest rate option, forward foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross- currency rate swap transaction, currency option, spot contract, or any other similar transaction or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any option to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any transaction of any kind, and the related confirmations, that are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor any obligation of such Guarantor to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Target has the meaning specified in the definition of Permitted Acquisition. Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term SOFR means: (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided, that, if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date, then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto; in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and (b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day; provided, that, if Term SOFR determined in 25 

accordance with either of the foregoing clause (a) or clause (b) would otherwise be less than zero, the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. Term SOFR Loan means a Revolving Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. Term SOFR Replacement Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b). Term SOFR means, for the applicable corresponding tenor (or if any Available Tenor of a Benchmark does not correspond to an Available Tenor for the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the closest corresponding Available Tenor and if such Available Tenor corresponds equally to two Available Tenors of the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the corresponding tenor of the shorter duration shall be applied), Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body.administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Lender) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Lender from time to time). Threshold Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the greater of (a) 10,000,000, and (b) ten percent (10 of TTM EBITDA. Total Indebtedness means, at any date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness determined for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at such date. Total Net Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) the total of (i) Total Indebtedness on such date, minus (ii) Unrestricted Cash on such date, to (b) TTM EBITDA on such date. Total Revolving Outstandings means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Loans as of such date, plus the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations as of such date. Transactions means, collectively, the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Revolving Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. TTM EBITDA means, as of any date of determination, EBITDA for the four fiscal quarter period most recently ended on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been (or required to have been) delivered to the Lender pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b), as applicable. Type means, with respect to a Revolving Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan. UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; provided, that, if perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. UCP means the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600. 26 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. Unrestricted Cash means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of unrestricted domestic cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties, not to exceed 50,000,000. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 10.19. Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, as to any Person, (a) any corporation one hundred percent (100 of whose Equity Interests (other than directors qualifying shares or Equity Interests that are required to be held by another person in order to satisfy a foreign requirement of Law prescribing an equity owner resident in the local jurisdiction) is at the time owned by such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person, and (b) any partnership, association, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity in which such Person and/or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person have a one hundred percent (100 equity interest at such time. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Wholly Owned Subsidiary or to Wholly Owned Subsidiaries shall refer to a Wholly Owned Subsidiary or Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of the Borrower. Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including the Loan Documents and any organization document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, modified, extended, restated, replaced or supplemented from time to time (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto, herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all 27 

references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Preliminary Statements, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Preliminary Statements, Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory rules, regulations, orders and provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified, extended, restated, replaced or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from, and including, the words to and until each mean to, but excluding, and the word through means to, and including, . (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (d) Any reference herein to a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person). 1.03 Accounting Terms. (a) Generally. All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the audited financial statements referred to in Section 5.04(a)(i), except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, (i) Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at one-hundred percent (100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470 20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded, (ii) all liability amounts shall be determined excluding any liability relating to any operating lease, all asset amounts shall be determined excluding any right-of-use assets relating to any operating lease, all amortization amounts shall be determined excluding any amortization of a right-of-use asset relating to any operating lease, and all interest amounts shall be determined excluding any deemed interest comprising a portion of fixed rent payable under any operating lease, in each case, to the extent that such liability, asset, amortization or interest pertains to an operating lease under which the covenantor or a member of its consolidated group is the lessee and would not have been accounted for as such under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015, and (iii) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under FASB ASC Topic 825 Financial Instruments (or any other 28 

financial accounting standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein. For purposes of determining the amount of any outstanding Indebtedness, no effect shall be given to any election by the Borrower to measure an item of Indebtedness using fair value (as permitted by FASB ASC 825 10 25 (formerly known as FASB 159) or any similar accounting standard). Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, with respect to determining the permissibility of the incurrence of any Indebtedness, the proceeds thereof shall not be counted as Unrestricted Cash for the purposes of clause (a)(ii) of the definition of Total Net Leverage Ratio. Prior to the delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(b) for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending September 30, 2021, any calculation or other determination to be made pursuant to this Agreement by reference to the most recent financial statements of the Borrower shall be calculated or determined, as applicable, by reference to the consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2021. (b) Changes in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or Lender shall so request, the Lender and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP; provided, that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein, and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Lender financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. (c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities. All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. (d) Pro Forma Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, all calculations of the Total Net Leverage Ratio shall be made on a Pro Forma Basis with respect to all Specified Transactions occurring during the applicable period to which such calculation relates, and/or subsequent to the end of such period but not later than the date of such calculation; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, when calculating the Total Net Leverage Ratio for purposes of determining compliance with Section 7.11, any Specified Transaction and any related adjustment contemplated in the definition of Pro Forma Basis that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable period shall not be given Pro Forma Effect. 1.04 Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 29 

1.05 Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, that, with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 1.07 UCC Terms. Terms defined in the UCC in effect on the Closing Date and not otherwise defined herein shall, unless the context otherwise indicates, have the meanings provided by those definitions. Subject to the foregoing, the term UCC refers, as of any date of determination, to the UCC then in effect. 1.08 Rates. The Lender does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Lender have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Eurodollar Rate any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such ratesrate (including any Benchmark ReplacementSuccessor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. The Lender and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Lender may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. ARTICLE II REVOLVING COMMITMENT AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 2.01 Revolving Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Lender agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Revolving Loan to the Borrower in Dollars from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Revolving Commitment; provided, that, after giving effect to any Revolving Borrowing, the Total 30 

Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Facility. Within the limits of the Revolving Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow Revolving Loans, prepay Revolving Loans under Section 2.04, and reborrow Revolving Loans under this Section 2.01. Revolving Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Revolving Loans. (a) Notice of Revolving Borrowing; Notice of Conversion or Continuation. Each Revolving Borrowing, each conversion of Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Lender, which may be given by telephone or a Loan Notice; provided, that, any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Lender of a Loan Notice. Each such Loan Notice must be received by the Lender not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) threetwo (32) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Revolving Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans or of any conversion of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each Revolving Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans shall be, unless otherwise agreed by Lender, in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Except as provided in Sections 2.03(e), each Revolving Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be, unless otherwise agreed by Lender, in a principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each Loan Notice and each telephonic notice shall specify (A) whether the Borrower is requesting a Revolving Borrowing, a conversion of Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Revolving Loans, as the case may be, (B) the requested date of the Revolving Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (C) the principal amount of Revolving Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (D) the Type of Revolving Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Revolving Loans are to be converted, and (E) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Revolving Loan in a Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Revolving Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans. If the Borrower requests a Revolving Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one (1) month. (b) Advances. Following receipt of a Loan Notice, upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Revolving Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), the Lender shall make the requested funds available to the Borrower either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds, or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Lender by the Borrower; provided, that, if, on the date a Loan Notice with respect to a Revolving Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there exists one or more unreimbursed L/C Disbursements, the proceeds of such Revolving Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Disbursements, and second, shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above. 31 

(c) Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans. Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Revolving Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans without the consent of the Lender, and the Lender may demand that any or all of the outstanding Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans be converted, on the last day of the applicable Interest Period(s) with respect thereto, to Base Rate Loans. (d) Interest Rates. Each determination of an interest rate by the Lender pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower in the absence of manifest error. (e) Interest Periods. After giving effect to all Revolving Borrowings, all conversions of Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Revolving Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than six (6) Interest Periods in effect. 2.03 Letters of Credit. (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in addition to the Revolving Loans provided for in Section 2.01, the Borrower may request that the Lender issue, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period, Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars for its own account or the account of any of its Subsidiaries in such form as is acceptable to Lender in its reasonable determination. Letters of Credit issued hereunder shall constitute utilization of the Revolving Commitment. (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension, Reinstatement or Renewal. (i) To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment of the terms and conditions, extension of the terms and conditions, extension of the expiration date, or reinstatement of amounts paid, or renewal of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall deliver (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Lender) to the Lender not later than 1:00 p.m. at least two (2) Business Days (or such later date and time as the Lender may agree in a particular instance in its sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be, a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, extended, reinstated and/or renewed, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement and/or renewal (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with Section 2.03(d)), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit, and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, extend, reinstate and/or renew such Letter of Credit. If requested by the Lender, the Borrower also shall submit a Letter of Credit Application and reimbursement agreement on the Lender s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Issuer Document (including any reimbursement agreement or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the Lender relating to any Letter of Credit), the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. 32 

(ii) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application (or the amendment of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Lender may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit provided, that, any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit shall permit the Lender to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve (12) month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non- Extension Notice Date in each such twelve (12) month period to be agreed upon by the Borrower and the Lender at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the Lender, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the Lender for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lender may permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiration date not later than the date permitted pursuant to Section 2.03(d); provided, that, the Lender shall not (A) permit any such extension if the Lender has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its extended form under the terms hereof (except that the expiration date may be extended to a date that is no more than one (1) year from the then-current expiration date), or (B) be obligated to permit such extension if the Lender has received notice (which may be in writing or by telephone (if promptly confirmed in writing)) on or before the day that is seven (7) Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from the Borrower that one (1) or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the Lender not to permit such extension. (c) Limitations on Amounts, Issuance and Amendment. (i) A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, extended, reinstated and/or renewed only if (and, upon issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement and/or renewal of each Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to each such issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement and/or renewal, the aggregate amount of the outstanding Letters of Credit issued by the Lender shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit at such time. (ii) The Lender shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Lender from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the Lender, or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Lender, shall prohibit, or request that the Lender refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular, or shall impose upon the Lender with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Lender is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the Lender any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the Lender in good faith deems material to it; 33 

(B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the Lender applicable to letters of credit generally; or (C) the Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder. (iii) The Lender shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the Lender would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit. (d) Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall have a stated expiration date no later than the earlier of (i) the date that is twelve (12) months after the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, whether automatic or by amendment, the date that is twelve (12) months after the then-current expiration date of such Letter of Credit), and (ii) the Letter of Credit Expiration Date. (e) Reimbursement. If the Lender shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse the Lender in respect of such L/C Disbursement by paying to the Lender an amount equal to such L/C Disbursement not later than 2:00 p.m. on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such L/C Disbursement, if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m. on such Business Day, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time; provided, that, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein (other than the minimums and multiples required pursuant to Section 2.02(a)), request in accordance with Section 2.02(a) that such payment be financed with a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. (f) Obligations Absolute. The Borrower s obligation to reimburse L/C Disbursements as provided in Section 2.03(e) shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever, and irrespective of: (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, or any term or provision herein or therein; (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the Lender or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement in such draft or other document being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; 34 

(iv) waiver by the Lender of any requirement that exists for the Lender s protection and not the protection of the Borrower, or any waiver by the Lender which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower; (v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically, even if such Letter of Credit required that demand be in the form of a draft; (vi) any payment made by the Lender in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under, such Letter of Credit, if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable; (vii) payment by the Lender under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply strictly with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the Lender under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of, or successor to, any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or (viii) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.03, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder. (g) Examination. The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the Lender. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the Lender and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. (h) Liability. Neither the Lender nor any of its Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of, or in connection with, the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit by the Lender, or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in Section 2.03(f)), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under, or relating to, any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation, or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Lender; provided, that, the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Lender from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the Lender s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Lender (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the Lender shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination, and that: (i) the Lender may replace a purportedly lost, stolen, or destroyed original Letter of Credit or missing amendment thereto with a certified true copy marked as such or waive a requirement for its presentation; (ii) the Lender may accept documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or 35 

information to the contrary, and may make payment upon presentation of documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit and without regard to any non-documentary condition in such Letter of Credit; (iii) the Lender shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to decline to accept such documents and to make such payment if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit; and (iv) this sentence shall establish the standard of care to be exercised by the Lender when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof (and the parties hereto hereby waive, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, any standard of care inconsistent with the foregoing). Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Lender nor any of its Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of (A) any presentation that includes forged or fraudulent documents or that is otherwise affected by the fraudulent, bad faith, or illegal conduct of the beneficiary or other Person, (B) the Lender declining to take-up documents and make payment, (C) documents that are fraudulent, forged, or for other reasons by which that it is entitled not to honor, (D) following a Borrower s waiver of discrepancies with respect to such documents or request for honor of such documents, or (E) the Lender retaining proceeds of a Letter of Credit based on an apparently applicable attachment order, blocking regulation, or third-party claim notified to the Lender. (i) Applicability of ISP and UCP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Lender and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued by the Lender, (i) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lender shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the Lender s rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of the Lender required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the Lender or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade International Financial Services Association (BAFT IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. (j) Letter of Credit Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Lender a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate for Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans times the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) payable on the first (1st) Business Day following the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first (1st) such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and, thereafter, on demand, and (ii) accrued through, and including, the last day of each calendar quarter in arrears. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the election of the Lender in its sole discretion, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. (k) Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to the Lender. The Borrower shall pay directly to the Lender for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the Lender relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable within thirty (30) days of demand and are non-refundable. (l) Disbursement Procedures. The Lender shall, within the time allowed by applicable Laws or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, 36 

examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit. The Lender shall promptly after such examination notify the Borrower in writing of such demand for payment if the Lender has made, or will make, an L/C Disbursement thereunder; provided, that, any failure to give, or delay in giving, such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the Lender with respect to any such L/C Disbursement. (m) Interim Interest. If the Lender for any Letter of Credit shall make any L/C Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such L/C Disbursement in full on the date such L/C Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from, and including, the date such L/C Disbursement is made to, but excluding, the date that the Borrower reimburses such L/C Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loans; provided, that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such L/C Disbursement when due pursuant to Section 2.03(e), then Section 2.07(b) shall apply. (n) Cash Collateralization. (i) If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day after the Borrower receives notice from the Lender demanding the deposit of Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.03(n), the Borrower shall immediately deposit into an account established and maintained on the books and records of the Lender (the Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to one hundred two percent (102 of the L/C Obligations as of such date, plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided, that, the obligation to deposit such Cash Collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 8.01(h), (i) or (j). Such deposit shall be held by the Lender as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. In addition, if any L/C Obligations remain outstanding after the expiration date specified in Section 2.03(d), the Borrower shall immediately deposit into the Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to one hundred two percent (102 of such L/C Obligations as of such date, plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. (ii) The Lender shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the reasonable discretion of the Lender and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in the Collateral Account. Moneys in the Collateral Account shall be applied by the Lender to reimburse the Lender for L/C Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with related fees, costs, and customary processing charges, and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the L/C Obligations at such time or, if the maturity of the Revolving Loans has been accelerated, be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of Cash Collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. (o) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse, indemnify and compensate the Lender 37 

hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit as if such Letter of Credit had been issues solely for the account of the Borrower. The Borrower irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 2.04 Prepayments. (a) Optional. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Lender pursuant to delivery to the Lender of a Notice of Loan Prepayment, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Revolving Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty (but subject to Section 3.05); provided, that, unless otherwise agreed by the Lender: (i) such notice must be received by Lender not later than 1:00 p.m. (A) threetwo (32) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans, and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding); and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 (or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding). Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Revolving Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Revolving Loans. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. (b) Mandatory. (i) If for any reason the Total Revolving Outstandings at any time exceed the Revolving Facility at such time, the Borrower shall immediately prepay Revolving Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, that, the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.04(b) unless, after the prepayment of the Revolving Loans, the Total Revolving Outstandings exceed the Revolving Facility at such time. Within the parameters of the applications set forth above, prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.04(b) shall be applied first (1st) to Base Rate Loans and then to Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans in direct order of Interest Period maturities. All prepayments under this Section 2.04(b) shall be subject to Section 3.05, but otherwise without premium or penalty, and shall be accompanied by interest on the principal amount prepaid through the date of prepayment. (ii) If for any reason the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations at any time exceeds the Letter of Credit Sublimit at such time, the Borrower shall immediately Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. 2.05 Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitment. (a) Optional. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Lender, terminate the Revolving Facility or the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or from time to time permanently reduce the Revolving 38 

Commitment or the Letter of Credit Sublimit; provided, that, unless otherwise agreed to by the Lender, (i) any such notice shall be received by the Lender not later than 1:00 p.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 1,000,000 or any whole multiple of 500,000 in excess thereof, and (iii) the Borrower shall not (A) terminate the Revolving Facility or reduce the Revolving Commitment if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Revolving Outstandings would exceed the Revolving Facility, or (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. (b) Mandatory. If after giving effect to any reduction of the Revolving Commitment or termination of Revolving Facility pursuant to this Section 2.05, the Letter of Credit Sublimit exceeds the Revolving Facility at such time, the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. (c) Payment of Fees. All fees in respect of the Revolving Facility accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Revolving Facility shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 2.06 Repayment of Revolving Loans. The Borrower shall repay to the Lender on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans outstanding on such date. 2.07 Interest and Default Rate. (a) Interest. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.07(b): (i) each Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; and (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. To the extent that any calculation of interest or any fee required to be paid under this Agreement shall be based on (or result in) a calculation that is less than zero, such calculation shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. (b) Default Rate. (i) If any amount of principal of any Revolving Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. (ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Revolving Loan) payable by any Loan Party under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Lender such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 39 

(iii) Upon the request of the Lender, while any Event of Default exists (including a payment default), the Borrower shall pay interest on past due amounts owing by it hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. (iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. (c) Interest Payments. Interest on each Revolving Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 2.08 Fees. In addition to certain fees described in Section 2.03: (a) Commitment Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Lender a commitment fee equal to 0.175 per annum times the actual daily amount by which the Revolving Facility exceeds the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Loans, plus (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations. The commitment fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first (1st) such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period. (b) Other Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Lender such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 2.09 Computation of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Revolving Loan for the day on which the Revolving Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Revolving Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Revolving Loan or such portion is paid; provided, that, any Revolving Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.10, bear interest for one (1) day. Each determination by the Lender of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 2.10 Payments Generally; Evidence of Debt. (a) All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Lender at the Lender s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. All payments received by the Lender after 2:00 p.m. shall 40 

be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. Except as otherwise specifically provided for in this Agreement, if any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. (b) The Credit Extensions made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lender to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. Upon the request of the Lender to the Borrower, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Lender the Revolving Note, which shall evidence the Revolving Loans in addition to such accounts or records. The Lender may attach schedules to the Revolving Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of the Revolving Loans and payments with respect thereto. 2.11 Cash Collateral. (a) Certain Credit Support Events. If (i) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, or (ii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to the terms hereof, the Borrower shall immediately following any request by the Lender, provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount. (b) Grant of Security Interest. The Borrower hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Lender and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as Collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.11(c). If at any time the Lender determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Lender, other than Liens described in clause (g) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances , or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Lender, pay or provide to the Lender additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non- interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Borrower shall pay, within thirty (30) days of demand therefor, all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. (c) Application. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.11 or Sections 2.03, 2.04 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may be provided for herein. (d) Release. Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to secure obligations shall be released promptly following the determination by the Lender that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided, that, if the Borrower is required to provide an amount of Cash Collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the 41 

extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived; provided further, that, any such release shall be without prejudice to, and any disbursement or other transfer of Cash Collateral shall be and remain subject to, any other Lien conferred under the Loan Documents and the other applicable provisions of the Loan Documents. ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 3.01 Taxes. If any payments to the Lender under this Agreement are made from outside the United States, the Borrower will not deduct any foreign Taxes from any payments it makes to the Lender. If any such Taxes are imposed on any payments made by the Borrower (including payments under this Section 3.01), the Borrower shall pay the Taxes and will also pay to the Lender, at the time interest is paid, any additional amount which the Lender specifies as necessary to preserve the after-tax yield the Lender would have received if such taxes had not been imposed. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, as provided in this Section 3.01, the Borrower will deliver to the Lender the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Lender. The Borrower will confirm that it has paid the Taxes by giving the Lender official tax receipts (or notarized copies) within thirty (30) days after the due date. 3.02 Illegality. If the Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for the Lender or the Lender s Office to make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any Credit Extension, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of the Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank marketTerm SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by the Lender to the Borrower, (a) any obligation of the Lender to issue, make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any such Credit Extension, or to continue Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of the Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of the Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Lender without reference to the Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until the Lender notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from the Lender, at the Borrower s discretion either prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Lender without reference to the Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if the Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if the Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of the Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurodollar RateSOFR or Term SOFR, the Lender shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to the Lender without reference to the 42 

Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR component thereof until the Borrower is advised in writing by the Lender that it is no longer illegal for the Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar RateSOFR or Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates. (a) If in connection with any request for a Eurodollar Rate LoanTerm SOFR Loan, or a conversion to orof Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans, or a continuation thereofof Term SOFR Loans, as applicable, (i) the Lender determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurodollar Rate Loanno Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03(b), and the circumstances under Section 3.03(b)(i) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred, or (B)(1) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining the Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, and (2) the circumstances described in Section 3.03(b)(i) do not apply, or (ii) the Lender determines that for any reason the Eurodollar Ratethat Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to the Lender of funding such Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Lender will promptly so notify the Borrower. Thereafter, (x1) the obligation of the Lender to make or maintain Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans or Interest Periods), and (y2) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Lender revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (Ix) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Revolving Borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein, and (IIy) any outstanding Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at the end of their respective applicable Interest Period. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Lender determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower notifies the Lender that the Borrower has determined, that: (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month or six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or (ii) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Lender or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of Dollar-denominated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease; provided, that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Lender that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term 43 

SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date then, on a date and time determined by the Lender (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Successor Rate ). If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (A) if the Lender determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (B) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) or Section 3.03(b)(ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Lender and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then-current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 3.03(b) at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then-existing convention for similar Dollar-denominated credit facilities in the United States for such alternative benchmark and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-existing convention for similar Dollar-denominated credit facilities in the United States for such benchmark. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor Rate . (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document: (i) On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of LIBOR s administrator IBA ), announced in a public statement the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight/Spot Next, 1- week, 1-month, 2-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12- month Dollar LIBOR tenor settings. On the earliest of (A) the date that all Available Tenors of Dollar LIBOR have permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided by IBA or have been announced by the FCA pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative, (B) June 30, 2023, and (C) the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of a SOFR Early Opt-in, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. (ii) (A) Upon (1) the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, or (2) a determination by the Lender that neither of the alternatives under clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement are available, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Borrower without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided, that, solely in the event that the then-current Benchmark at 44 

the time of such Benchmark Transition Event is not a SOFR-based rate, the Benchmark Replacement therefor shall be determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement unless the Lender determines that neither of such alternative rates is available. (B) On the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of an Other Rate Early Opt-in, the Benchmark Replacement will replace LIBOR for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (iii) At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Borrower may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Revolving Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Borrower s receipt of notice from the Lender that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark, and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence, the component of Base Rate based upon the Benchmark will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. (iv) In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Lender will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. (v) The Lender will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, and (B) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Lender pursuant to this Section 3.03(b), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.03(b).Successor Rate. Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided, that, to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Lender, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Lender. Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. (vi) At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or LIBOR), then the Lender may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that 45 

is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings, and (B) the Lender may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings. 3.04 Increased Costs. (a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, the Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e)); (ii) subject the Lender to any taxes on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or (iii) impose on the Lender or the Londonapplicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans made by the Lender or any Letter of Credit; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to the Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Revolving Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Revolving Loan), or to increase the cost to the Lender of issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by the Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of the Lender, the Borrower will pay to the Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (b) Capital Requirements. If the Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting the Lender or the Lender s Office or the Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on the Lender s capital or on the capital of the Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Revolving Commitment or the Revolving Loans made by or the Letters of Credit issued by the Lender, to a level below that which the Lender or the Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration the Lender s policies and the policies of the Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to the Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the Lender or the Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. (c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of the Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate the Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in clause (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay the Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. (d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of the Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of the Lender s right to demand such compensation; provided, that, the Borrower shall 46 

not be required to compensate the Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine (9) months prior to the date that the Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of the Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine (9) month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). (e) Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans. The Borrower shall pay to the Lender, as long as the Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as Eurocurrency liabilities ), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Eurodollar Rate Loan by the Lender (as determined by the Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), which shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Eurodollar Rate Loan; provided, that, the Borrower shall have received at least ten (10) days prior notice of such additional interest from the Lender. If the Lender fails to give notice ten (10) days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest shall be due and payable thirty (30) days from receipt of such notice. 3.05 Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of the Lender from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate the Lender for and hold the Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred (but not loss of profits) by it as a result of: (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Revolving Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Revolving Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); or (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of the Lender to make a Revolving Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Revolving Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Revolving Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by the Lender in connection with the foregoing. 3.06 Obligation to Mitigate. If the Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or requires the Borrower to pay additional amounts to the Lender, or any Governmental Authority for the account of the Lender, pursuant to Section 3.01, then at the request of the Borrower, the Lender shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Revolving Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of the Lender, such designation or assignment (a) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or Section 3.04, as the case may be, and (b) in each case, would not subject the Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to the Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 47 

3.07 Survival. All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Revolving Commitment, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and the Facility Termination Date. ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension. The effectiveness of this Agreement, and the obligation of the Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder, is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (a) Execution of Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents. The Lender shall have received (i) counterparts of this Agreement, executed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, (ii) counterparts of each Collateral Document to be executed and delivered on the Closing Date, executed by a Responsible Officer of each applicable Loan Party, and (iii) counterparts of any other Loan Document to executed and delivered on the Closing Date, executed by a Responsible Officer of each applicable Loan Party. (b) Organizational Documents; Resolutions; etc. The Lender shall have received shall have received the following: (i) copies of the organizational documents of each Loan Party certified to be true and complete as of a recent date by the appropriate Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction of its organization and certified by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party to be true and correct as of the Closing Date, (ii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates, and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Lender may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party, and (iii) such documents and certifications as the Lender may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its jurisdiction of organization. (c) Collateral. The Lender shall have received: (i)(A) searches of UCC filings in the jurisdiction of organization of each Loan Party and each jurisdiction where any Collateral is located or where a filing would need to be made in order to perfect the Lender s security interest in the Collateral, copies of the financing statements on file in such jurisdictions and evidence that no Liens exist other than Permitted Liens; and (B) tax lien and judgment searches; (ii) searches of ownership of intellectual property in the appropriate governmental offices and such patent/trademark/copyright filings as requested by the Lender in order to perfect the Lender s security interest in the intellectual property of each Loan Party; and (iii) completed UCC financing statements for each appropriate jurisdiction as is necessary, in the Lender s sole discretion, to perfect the Lender s security interest in the Collateral. (d) Representations and Warranties; No Default; Officer s Certificate. After giving effect to the Transactions to occur on the Closing Date, (i) the representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall (A) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be 48 

true and correct as of such earlier date, and (B) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and (ii) no Default has occurred and is continuing. The Lender shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that the conditions specified in this Section 4.01(d) have been satisfied. (e) Existing Indebtedness. All existing Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness permitted to exist pursuant to Section 7.01) shall have been (or substantially concurrently with the Closing Date will be) repaid in full, all commitments with respect thereto shall have been (or substantially concurrently with the Closing Date will be) terminated, and all security interests and guarantees related thereto shall have been (or substantially concurrently with the Closing Date will be) terminated. (f) Anti-Money-Laundering; Beneficial Ownership. The Borrower shall have provided to the Lender, and the Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti- money-laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. To the extent requested by the Lender, any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered to the Lender a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party. (g) Fees and Expenses. All fees required to be paid on the Closing Date, and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses required by the Lender to be paid on the Closing Date, in each case shall have been (or substantially concurrently with the Closing Date will be) paid. 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of the Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Revolving Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent: (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall (i) with respect to representations and warranties that contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and (ii) with respect to representations and warranties that do not contain a materiality qualification, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02(a), the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.04(a) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b), respectively. 49 

(b) Default. No Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. (c) Request for Credit Extension. The Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Revolving Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurodollar RateTerm SOFR Loans) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Lender, as of the date made or deemed made, that: 5.01 Organization; Powers. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 5.02 Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within each Loan Party s corporate or other organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders. Each Loan Document to which each Loan Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 5.03 Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) for filings necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents, and (iii) for such consents, approvals, registrations or filings the failure to make or obtain, as applicable, could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) will not violate (i) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or (ii) any Law applicable to or binding upon any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or any of any such Person s property or to which any such Person or any of its property is subject, except for, solely in the case of the foregoing clause (b)(ii) for violations which could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or the assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or give rise to a right 50 

thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, except for such violations, defaults or right to payments which could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of, or other requirement to create, any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, except Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents. 5.04 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change. (a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lender its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, from independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. (b) No event, change or condition has occurred that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect, since December 31, 2020. 5.05 Properties. (a) Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Except as, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and each Subsidiary owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property necessary to its business as currently conducted, and the use thereof by each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person. 5.06 Litigation and Environmental Matters. (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against or affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (i) that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters), or (ii) that involve any Loan Document or the Transactions. (b) Except for the Disclosed Matters, (i) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability, and (ii) except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no Loan Party or any Subsidiary (A) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (B) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (C) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (D) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. 51 

(c) Since the Closing Date, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 5.07 Compliance with Laws and Agreements. Except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is in compliance with (a) each Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property, and (b) all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property. 5.08 Investment Company Status. No Loan Party or any Subsidiary is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 5.09 Taxes. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves, or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.10 ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan such that any requisite funding of such Plan could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Plans such that any requisite funding of all such Plans could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 5.11 Disclosure. (a) The Loan Parties have disclosed to the Lender all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information (other than Projections, any other projected financial information, forward looking statements and statements of a general economic nature) furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to the Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or, when taken as a whole, omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances 52 

under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided, that, with respect to the Projections and other projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time delivered and, if such Projections or other projected financial information was delivered prior to the Closing Date, as of the Closing Date, it being understood and agreed that such Projections and other projected financial information are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, and as such, such Projections and other projected financial information is not a guarantee of financial performance and such differences may be material. (b) As of the Closing Date, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, the information included in any Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Closing Date to the Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects. 5.12 Solvency. Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Closing Date, (i) the fair value of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, at a fair valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of its debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured, (iii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured, and (iv) neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary will have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted after the Closing Date. 5.13 Insurance. The Loan Parties believe that the insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries is adequate and is customary for companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 5.14 Capitalization and Subsidiaries. As of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.14 of the Disclosure Letter sets forth (a) a correct and complete list of the name and relationship to the Borrower of each Subsidiary, (b) a true and complete listing of each class of the Borrower s authorized Equity Interests, of which all of such issued Equity Interests are validly issued, outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable, and (c) the type of entity of the Borrower and each Subsidiary. All of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests owned by any Loan Party have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. 5.15 Security Interest in Collateral. The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall, upon the execution and delivery thereof, create legal and valid Liens on all the Collateral in favor of the Lender, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and upon the filing of UCC financing statements and the taking of actions or making of filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office of the United States Copyright Office, as applicable, with respect to the Loan Parties intellectual property, such Liens constitute perfected and continuing Liens on the Collateral, to the extent perfection can be obtained by the filing of 53 

an initial UCC financing statement or a filing with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable, securing the Secured Obligations, enforceable against the applicable Loan Party (subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless, of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), and having priority over all other Liens on the Collateral except in the case of (a) Permitted Encumbrances, to the extent any such Permitted Encumbrances would have priority over the Liens in favor of the Lender pursuant to any applicable Law or agreement permitted hereunder, and (b) Liens perfected only by possession (including possession of any certificate of title), to the extent the Lender has not obtained or does not maintain possession of such Collateral. 5.16 Employment Matters. As of the Closing Date, there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened in writing. The hours worked by, and payments made to, employees of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters except for violations as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 5.17 Margin Regulations. No Loan Party is engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Revolving Borrowing or any Letter of Credit hereunder will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Revolving Borrowing and each drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of any Loan Party only or of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be Margin Stock. 5.18 Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Credit Extensions have been used and will be used, whether directly or indirectly, as set forth in Section 6.08. 5.19 No Burdensome Restrictions. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is subject to any Burdensome Restrictions, except for Burdensome Restrictions permitted under Section 7.09. 5.20 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. Each Loan Party has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors, and to the knowledge of such Loan Party, its employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) any Loan Party, any Subsidiary, any of their respective officers or employees, or to the knowledge of any such Loan Party or Subsidiary, any of their respective directors, or (b) to the knowledge of any such Loan Party or Subsidiary, any agent of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established 54 

hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Revolving Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds, Transaction or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 5.21 Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions. (a) As of the Closing Date, the Borrower is not and will not be using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to the Borrower s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Revolving Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Commitment or this Agreement. (b) Assuming that the Lender is not using any plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one of more Benefit Plans with respect to the Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Revolving Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Revolving Commitment or this Agreement, neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Revolving Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non- exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 5.22 Status as Affected Financial Institution; Status as Covered Entity. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. No Loan Party is a Covered Entity. ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS Until the Facility Termination Date, each Loan Party covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lender that: 6.01 Financial Statements and Other Information. The Borrower will furnish to the Lender: (a) within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if earlier, fifteen (15) days after the date required to be filed with the SEC (without giving effect to any extension permitted by the SEC)), its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by a big four accounting firm or other independent public accountants reasonably acceptable to the Lender (without a going concern or like qualification, commentary or exception, and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, other than solely with respect to, or resulting solely from, (i) any actual or projected inability to satisfy any financial covenant for any period under this Agreement, or (ii) the impending maturity within twelve (12) months of any Indebtedness under this Agreement) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied; (b) within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower (or, if earlier, five (5) days after the date required to be filed with the SEC (without giving effect 55 

to any extension permitted by the SEC)), its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; (c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b), a Compliance Certificate executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying, in the case of the financial statements delivered under Section 6.01(b), that such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, (ii) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (iii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Section 7.11, and (iv) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 5.04(a) and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate; (d) [reserved]; (e) as soon as available, but in any event no later than ninety (90) days following the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a copy of the plan and forecast (including a projected consolidated balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for each month of the then-current fiscal year (the Projections ), in form reasonably satisfactory to the Lender (it being agreed by the Lender that Projections in form and scope consistent with those provided by the Borrower prior to the Closing Date are in form reasonably satisfactory to the Lender); (f) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other material reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; (g) promptly after receipt thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, copies of each material notice or other material correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any material investigation or possible material investigation or other material inquiry by the SEC or such other agency regarding financial or other operational results of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (h) promptly following any request therefor, (i) such other information regarding the operations, changes in ownership of Equity Interests, business affairs and financial condition of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Lender may reasonably request, and (ii) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money 56 

laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and (i) promptly after any request therefor by the Lender, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k)(1) of ERISA that the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, and (ii) any notices described in Section 101(l)(1) of ERISA that the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided, that, if the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, the Borrower or the applicable ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents and notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a), (b), (d), or (f) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which such materials are publicly available as posted on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR), or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which the Lender has access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether made available by the Lender); provided, that, the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Lender (by facsimile or e-mail transmission) of the posting of any such documents and, if requested by the Lender, provide to the Lender by e-mail transmission electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. 6.02 Notice of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the Lender prompt (but in any event within any time period that may be specified below) written notice of the following: (a) as soon as practicable, and in any event within three (3) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party has knowledge of the existence thereof, the occurrence of any Default; (b) receipt of any notice of any investigation by a Governmental Authority or any litigation or proceeding commenced or threatened in writing against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary that (i) could reasonably be expected to result in damages in excess of the Notice Amount (and not covered by insurance), (ii) seeks injunctive relief, (iii) is asserted or instituted against any Plan, its fiduciaries or its assets, (iv) alleges criminal misconduct by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (v) alleges the violation of, or seeks to impose remedies under any Environmental Law or related Law, or seeks to impose Environmental Liability, in each case if adversely determined could reasonably be expected to result in damages in excess of the Notice Amount (and not covered by insurance), (vi) asserts tax liens on the part of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in respect of any unpaid tax, fee, assessment, or other governmental charge in each case if adversely determined could reasonably be expected to result in damages in excess of the Notice Amount (and not covered by insurance), and except to the extent contested in good faith, or (vii) involves any product recall in excess of the Notice Amount; (c) any material change in accounting or financial reporting practices by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 57 

(d) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (e) within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence thereof, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary entering into a Swap Contract or an amendment to a Swap Contract, together with copies of all agreements evidencing such Swap Contract or amendment; (f) any change in the credit ratings from a credit rating agency, or the placement by a credit rating agency of any Loan Party on a Credit Watch or WatchList or any similar list, in each case with negative implications, or the cessation by a credit rating agency of, or its intent to cease, rating such Loan Party s debt; (g) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect; and (h) any change in the information provided in any Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to the Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification. Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 6.03 Existence. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, franchises, governmental authorizations, intellectual property rights, licenses and permits material to the conduct of its business, and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except where the failure to maintain such authority would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided, that, the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation, or dissolution permitted under Section 7.03. 6.04 Payment of Obligations. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, pay or discharge all Material Indebtedness and all other material liabilities and obligations, in excess of the Threshold Amount, including Taxes, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) such Loan Party or Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, and (c) the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 6.05 Maintenance of Properties. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, keep and maintain all property owned or leased by any Loan Party material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 58 

6.06 Books and Records; Inspection Rights. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (a) keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all material dealings and transactions in relation to its business, and (b) permit any representatives designated by the Lender (including employees of the Lender or any consultants, accountants, lawyers, agents and appraisers retained by the Lender), upon reasonable prior notice and during the usual business hours, to visit and inspect its properties, conduct at the Borrower s or such Subsidiary s premises field examinations of such Person s assets, liabilities, books and records, including examining and making extracts from its books and records (other than (i) materials protected by the attorney-client privilege, (ii) materials which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, may not disclose without violation of a confidentiality obligation binding upon it or the disclosure of which is prohibited by law, or (iii) information that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information that is not reasonably related to the actual or projected financial results or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided, that, if the Borrower or any Subsidiary withholds materials or information in reliance on any of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) or (iii), the Borrower shall notify the Lender that materials or information are being withheld), and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at the expense of the Borrower and at such reasonable times; provided, that, if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lender shall not conduct more than one field examination in any twelve (12)-month period. The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Lender, after exercising its rights of inspection may prepare certain Reports pertaining to the Loan Parties assets for internal use by the Lender. Such Reports shall be deemed Information and shall be subject to the confidentiality obligations provided in Section 10.07. 6.07 Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, comply with each Law applicable to it or its property (including Environmental Laws) except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures, to the extent applicable, designed to promote and achieve compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 6.08 Use of Proceeds. (a) The proceeds of the Credit Extensions will be used only for, and Letters of Credit will be issued only to support, working capital and general corporate purposes. No part of the proceeds of any Credit Extension will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations T, U and X. (b) The Borrower will not request any Credit Extension, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Credit Extension (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 59 

6.09 Insurance. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, maintain with financially sound and reputable carriers (a) insurance in such amounts and such hazards, as is customarily maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations, and (b) all insurance required pursuant to the Collateral Documents. The Borrower will furnish to the Lender, upon the reasonable request of the Lender, additional information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained. 6.10 Depository Bank. Within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date (or such later date as the Lender may agree), except with respect to Excluded Accounts, each Loan Party and each Subsidiary will maintain the Lender as its principal depository bank, including for the maintenance of operating, administrative, cash management, collection activity, and other deposit accounts used in the conduct of its business. 6.11 Additional Guarantors; Additional Collateral; Further Assurances. (a) Subject to any applicable Law, each Loan Party will cause each of its Subsidiaries that is not an Excluded Subsidiary formed or acquired after the Closing Date (it being understood and agreed that any Person that ceases to be an Excluded Subsidiary but remains a Subsidiary shall be deemed to be formed or acquired after the Closing Date for purposes of this Section 6.11(a)) to become a Loan Party by executing a Joinder Agreement within sixty (60) days of formation or acquisition (or such later date as may be agreed by the Lender) and (i) in connection therewith, the Lender shall have received all documentation and other information regarding such newly formed or acquired Subsidiaries as may be required to comply with the applicable know your customer rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, and (ii) upon execution and delivery thereof, each such Person (A) shall automatically become a Guarantor hereunder and thereupon shall have all of the rights, benefits, duties, and obligations in such capacity under the Loan Documents, and (B) will grant Liens to the Lender, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in any property of such Loan Party which constitutes Collateral. (b) If, as of any date of determination after the Closing Date, Immaterial Subsidiaries (i) for the four fiscal quarter period of the Borrower most recently ended on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been (or required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b), as applicable, contributed more than ten percent (10.0 of TTM EBITDA for such period, or (ii) as of the last day of the four fiscal quarter period of the Borrower most recently ended on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been (or required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b), as applicable, had more than ten percent (10.0 of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date, then, in any such case, the Borrower shall, not later than sixty (60) days after the date by which financial statements for such period are required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (or such longer period as the Lender may agree), (A) designate in writing to the Lender that one or more of such Subsidiaries is no longer an Immaterial Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement to the extent required such that the foregoing conditions cease to be true, and (B) comply with the provisions of Section 6.11(a) applicable to such Subsidiaries. (c) Each Loan Party will cause (i) 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each of its Domestic Subsidiaries (other than any Foreign Subsidiary Holding 60 

Company), and (ii) 65 (or such greater percentage that, due to a change in applicable Law after the Closing Date, (A) could not reasonably be expected to cause the undistributed earnings of such Foreign Subsidiary as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes to be treated as a deemed dividend to such Foreign Subsidiary s U.S. parent, and (B) could not reasonably be expected to cause any material adverse tax consequences) of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) and 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests not entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) in each Foreign Subsidiary and each Foreign Subsidiary Holding Company directly owned by the Borrower or any other Loan Party to be subject at all times to a first priority, perfected Lien in favor of the Lender, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, subject to Permitted Liens, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents or other security documents as the Lender shall reasonably request. (d) Without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party will execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Lender such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01, as applicable), which may be required by any Requirement of Law or which the Lender may, from time to time (including in connection with Sections 6.11(a) and (c)), reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender and all at the expense of the Loan Parties. 6.12 Post-Closing Covenant. Within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date (or such later date as the Lender may agree), each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, deliver to the Lender copies of insurance certificates and endorsements evidencing insurance meeting the requirements set forth herein or in the Collateral Documents. ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS Until the Facility Termination Date, each Loan Party covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lender that: 7.01 Indebtedness. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: (a) the Secured Obligations; (b) Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date and set forth in Schedule 7.01 of the Disclosure Letter, and any extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with Section 7.01(f); 61 

(c) Indebtedness of (i) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to (ii) any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary; provided, that, Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to owing to the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall be subject to Section 7.04; (d) Guarantees by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of the Indebtedness of any other Loan Party or any Subsidiary; provided, that, (i) the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is permitted by this Section 7.01, and (ii) Guarantees by any Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to Section 7.04; (e) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement, or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including equipment (whether or not constituting purchase money Indebtedness), including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with Section 7.01(f); provided, that, (i) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within one hundred eighty (180) days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this Section 7.01(e), together with any Refinance Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted by Section 7.01(f), shall not exceed 10,000,000 at any time outstanding; (f) Indebtedness which represents extensions, renewals, refinancing or replacements (such Indebtedness being so extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced being referred to herein as the Refinance Indebtedness of any of the Indebtedness described in Sections 7.01(b) and (e) (such Indebtedness being referred to herein as the Original Indebtedness provided, that, (i) such Refinance Indebtedness does not materially increase the principal amount or interest rate of the Original Indebtedness to be materially more burdensome upon the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary, (ii) any Liens securing such Refinance Indebtedness are not extended to any additional property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (iii) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary that is not originally obligated with respect to repayment of such Original Indebtedness is required to become obligated with respect to such Refinance Indebtedness, (iv) such Refinance Indebtedness does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity of such Original Indebtedness, and (v) if such Original Indebtedness was subordinated in right of payment to the Secured Obligations, then the terms and conditions of such Refinance Indebtedness must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to the Lender as those that were applicable to such Original Indebtedness; (g) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing workers compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business; (h) Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and similar obligations, in each case provided in the ordinary course of business; (i) Subordinated Indebtedness; provided, that, (i) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of incurrence of such Subordinated Indebtedness or would result therefrom, (ii) such Subordinated Indebtedness has a maturity date that is at least ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date (and the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness shall not provide for any scheduled repayment, mandatory prepayment, mandatory redemption or sinking fund 62 

obligations prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date (other than customary offers to repurchase upon a change of control, asset sale or casualty event and customary acceleration rights after an event of default)), (iii) none of the obligors or guarantors with respect to such Subordinated Indebtedness shall be a person that is not a Loan Party, (iv) the terms and conditions of such Subordinated Indebtedness (including financial covenants, affirmative covenants, negative covenants, representations and warranties and defaults) are customary for similar Subordinated Indebtedness in light of then-prevailing market conditions and in any event, when taken as a whole, are no more restrictive to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries than the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Documents, and (v) upon giving Pro Forma Effect to the incurrence of such Subordinated Indebtedness, the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 7.11 as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which the Borrower was required to deliver financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b); (j) unsecured indebtedness in connection with corporate credit cards issued to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (k) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections, payment processing, automatic clearinghouse arrangements, arrangements in respect of pooled deposit or sweep accounts, check endorsement guarantees and otherwise in connection with deposit accounts or cash management services; (l) Indebtedness consisting of insurance premium financing; (m) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation, severance and health and welfare retirement benefits incurred in the ordinary course of business; (n) Indebtedness under Swap Contracts (i) entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary), and (ii) entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from floating to fixed rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (o) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries, and guarantees thereof by Foreign Subsidiaries, in respect of local lines of credit, letters of credit, bank guarantees and similar extensions of credit, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 10,000,000, at any time outstanding; (p) Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.04 (other than by reference to this Section 7.01 (or any sub-clause hereof)); (q) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under any agreement to provide cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit or debit card, stored value card, purchase card, pooling, netting, electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements; (r) Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries assumed or acquired (but not incurred) in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.04, and any extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with Section 7.01(f); provided, that, (i) such Indebtedness was not 63 

incurred in contemplation of such acquisition or investment, and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this Section 7.01(r), together with any Refinance Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted by Section 7.01(f), shall not exceed 10,000,000 at any time outstanding; (s) other unsecured Indebtedness; provided, that, (i) the Loan Parties shall demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of the Lender that, after giving Pro Forma Effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, the Total Net Leverage Ratio recalculated as of the end of the twelve-month period most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) shall be at least 0.25 less than the then applicable level set forth in Section 7.11, (ii) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, (iii) such Indebtedness has a maturity date that is at least ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date (and the terms of such Indebtedness shall not provide for any scheduled repayment, mandatory prepayment, mandatory redemption or sinking fund obligations prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date (other than customary offers to repurchase upon a change of control, asset sale or casualty event and customary acceleration rights after an event of default)), (iv) none of the obligors or guarantors with respect to such Indebtedness shall be a person that is not a Loan Party, and (v) the terms and conditions of such Indebtedness (including financial covenants, affirmative covenants, negative covenants, representations and warranties and defaults) are customary for similar Indebtedness in light of then-prevailing market conditions and in any event, when taken as a whole, are no more restrictive to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries than the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Documents; and (t) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any time outstanding an amount equal to the greater of (i) 10,000,000, and (ii) ten percent (10 of TTM EBITDA. 7.02 Liens. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except: (a) Liens created pursuant to any Loan Document; (b) Permitted Encumbrances; (c) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the Closing Date and set forth in Schedule 7.02 of the Disclosure Letter; provided, that, (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the Closing Date and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; (d) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided, that, (i) such Liens secure Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.01(e), and (ii) such Liens shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 64 

(e) any Lien existing on any property or asset (other than accounts receivable and inventory) prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset (other than accounts receivable and inventory) of any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the Closing Date prior to the time such Person becomes a Loan Party; provided, that, (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Loan Party, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Loan Party, and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Loan Party, as the case may be, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; (f) Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-210 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction covering only the items being collected upon; (g) any interest or title of the lessor under any lease arising out of Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 7.06; (h) Liens granted by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of the Borrower or another Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness owed by such Subsidiary; (i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.01(h) or (n) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 2,500,000; (j) Liens on assets of Foreign Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness incurred by such Foreign Subsidiaries and permitted under Section 7.01(o); (k) in the case of (i) any Subsidiary that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary, or (ii) the Equity Interests in any Person that is not a Subsidiary, any encumbrance or restriction, including any put and call arrangements, related to Equity Interests in such Subsidiary or such other Person set forth in the organization documents of such Subsidiary or such other Person or any related joint venture, shareholders or similar agreement; (l) Liens in the nature of the right of setoff in favor of counterparties to contractual agreements with the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; (m) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; (n) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds thereof of any Person securing such Person s obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created for the account of such Person, or to pay the deferred purchase price of such inventory or other goods, to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or such other goods in the ordinary course of business; (o) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.01(m); 65 

(p) Liens securing Subordinated Indebtedness; provided, that, such Liens shall be subordinated to the Liens granted to the Lender, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, pursuant to the Loan Documents to the written reasonable satisfaction of the Lender; (q) Liens existing on acquired property (including property of any Person acquired) pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or other investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.04 (other than Liens on the Equity Interests of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary); provided, that, (i) such Lien was not created in contemplation of such acquisition or investment, (ii) such Lien does not encumber any property other than the property encumbered at the time of such acquisition or investment, (iii) such Liens do not extend to the property of any Person other than the Person acquired, and (iv) the Indebtedness secured thereby is permitted pursuant to Section 7.01(r); and (r) Liens securing obligations in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed an amount equal to the greater of (i) 10,000,000, and (ii) ten percent (10 of TTM EBITDA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Liens permitted pursuant to this Section 7.02 may at any time attach to any Loan Party s (i) accounts receivable, other than those permitted under clause (a) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances and Section 7.02(a), and (ii) inventory, other than those permitted under clauses (a) and (b) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances, Section 7.02(a) and Section 7.02(n). 7.03 Fundamental Changes. (a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or otherwise Dispose of all or substantially all or any substantial part of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate, divide or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving entity, (ii) any Loan Party (other than the Borrower) may merge into any other Loan Party in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Loan Party, (iii) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may merge into another Subsidiary, so long as (A) a Subsidiary is the surviving entity of such merger, and (B) in the case of a merger between a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and a Loan Party, the Loan Party shall be the surviving entity (provided, that, any such merger involving a Person that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted by Section 7.04), (iv) any Subsidiary may liquidate, divide or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation, division or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lender, (v)(A) a Loan Party may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to another Loan Party, (B) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to a Loan Party, and (C) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to any other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, and (vi) in connection with any acquisition permitted under Section 7.04. (b) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, engage to any material extent in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date and businesses reasonably related, ancillary, or complementary thereto and logical extensions thereof. 66 

(c) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to change its fiscal year or any fiscal quarter from the basis in effect on the Closing Date. (d) Subject to any applicable Law or relevant accounting standards, no Loan Party will change the accounting basis upon which its financial statements are prepared; provided, that, a Loan Party may, upon at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Lender (or such shorter period of time as the Lender may agree), change the accounting basis upon which its financial statements are prepared so long as such change is (i) reasonably acceptable to the Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (ii) required by applicable law, or (iii) required by such Loan Party s independent public accountants. 7.04 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, form any Subsidiary after the Closing Date, or purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger with any Person that was not a Loan Party and a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger) any Equity Interests, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit (whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise), except: (a) investments in cash and Cash Equivalents; (b) investments in existence on the Closing Date and described in Schedule 7.04 of the Disclosure Letter, and any modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof to the extent not involving any additional investment; (c) investments by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries in Equity Interests in their respective Subsidiaries; provided, that, in each case, (i) any such Equity Interests held by a Loan Party shall be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement (subject to the limitations applicable to Equity Interests of a Subsidiary referred to in Section 6.11), and (ii) the aggregate amount of investments by Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (together with outstanding intercompany loans permitted by Section 7.04(d)) shall not exceed 15,000,000 at any time outstanding (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs); (d) loans or advances made by (i) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to (ii) any other Loan Party or any other Subsidiary; provided, that, the aggregate amount of such loans and advances made by Loan Parties to Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (together with outstanding investments permitted by Section 7.04(c)) shall not exceed 15,000,000 at any time outstanding (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs); (e) Guarantees constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.01 (other than by reference to this Section 7.04 (or any sub-clause hereof)); (f) investments not to exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year of the Borrower consisting of (i) travel advances, entertainment expenses, employee relocation loans, and other employee loans and advances in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) loans to employees, officers or directors relating to the purchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower or its 67 

Subsidiaries pursuant to employee equity purchase agreements approved by the Borrower s or such Subsidiary s board of directors; (g) notes payable, or stock or other securities issued by account debtors to a Loan Party pursuant to negotiated agreements with respect to settlement of such account debtor s accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices; (h) investments in the form of Swap Contracts permitted by Section 7.01 (other than by reference to this Section 7.04 (or any sub-clause hereof)); (i) investments received in connection with the disposition of assets permitted by Section 7.05 (other than by reference to this Section 7.04 (or any sub-clause hereof)); (j) investments constituting deposits described in clauses (c) and (d) of the definition of the term Permitted Encumbrances; (k) extensions of trade credit to customers in the ordinary course of business; (l) investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers and in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business; (m) investments consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions to, customers and suppliers in the ordinary course of business; provided, that, this Section 7.04(m) shall not apply to investments of the Borrower in any Subsidiary; (n) investments consisting of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; (o) any transfer of intellectual property between the Borrower and any other Loan Party, undertaken in good faith as part of any board-approved program intended to improve the tax efficiency of Borrowers and any of its Subsidiaries; (p) Guarantees of obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties for the acquisition of services, supplies and inventory in the ordinary course of business; (q) Permitted Acquisitions; (r) investments constituting Consolidated Capital Expenditures; (s) other investments; provided, that, (i) the Loan Parties shall demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of the Lender that, after giving Pro Forma Effect to such investment, the Total Net Leverage Ratio recalculated as of the end of the twelve-month period most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) shall be at least 0.25 less than the then applicable level set forth in Section 7.11, and (ii) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; provided, further, that, if an Acquisition is consummated in reliance on this Section 7.04(s), such Acquisition shall not be a hostile acquisition and shall have been approved by the board of directors and/or the 68 

shareholders (or equivalent) of the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary and the Person acquired in connection with such Acquisition; (t) investments made with the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower since the Closing Date (from any Person other than a Subsidiary) as a contribution to its common Equity Interests and/or received by the Borrower since the Closing Date from the issuance or sale of its common Equity Interests (to any Person other than a Subsidiary), in each case to the extent not otherwise applied; and (u) other investments from time to time not to exceed 10,000,000 at any one time. For purposes of this Section 7.04, the amount of any investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such investment. 7.05 Asset Sales. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, Dispose of any asset, including any Equity Interest owned by it, nor will the Borrower permit any Subsidiary to issue any additional Equity Interest in such Subsidiary (other than to the Borrower or another Subsidiary in compliance with Section 7.04 (other than by reference to this Section 7.05 (or any sub-clause hereof))), except: (a) Dispositions of (i) inventory in the ordinary course of business, (ii) used, obsolete, unmerchantable, worn out or surplus equipment or property in the ordinary course of business, (iii) property no longer used or useful to the business of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, (iv) equipment or real property to the extent that (A) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property, or (B) the proceeds of such sale, transfer of disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property, and (v) inventory for charitable purposes; (b) Dispositions of assets to the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided, that, any such Dispositions involving a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be made in compliance with Section 7.04 and Section 7.08 (in each case, other than by reference to this Section 7.05 (or any sub-clause hereof)); (c) Dispositions of accounts receivable (excluding sales or dispositions in a factoring arrangement) in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof; (d) Dispositions of Cash Equivalents and other investments permitted by Sections 7.04(i) and (j); (e) Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 7.06 (other than by reference to this Section 7.05 (or any sub-clause hereof)); (f) Dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (g) leases or subleases of real property granted in the ordinary course of business (and in the ordinary course of such Person s business), and leases, subleases, non- exclusive licenses or sublicenses of personal property (other than intellectual property) granted in 69 

the ordinary course of business, if the leases, subleases, licenses and sublicenses do not prohibit granting the Lender a security interest therein; (h) non-exclusive licenses of intellectual property granted to third parties in the ordinary course of business, and licenses of intellectual property that could not result in a legal transfer of title of licensed property that may be exclusive in respects other than territory and that may be exclusive as to territory only as to discrete geographical areas outside of the United States; (i) the granting of Liens permitted by Section 7.02 (other than by reference to this Section 7.05 (or any sub-clause hereof)); and (j) Dispositions of assets (other than Equity Interests in a Subsidiary unless all Equity Interests in such Subsidiary are sold) that are not permitted by any other clause of this Section; provided, that, the aggregate fair market value of all assets Disposed of in reliance upon this Section 7.05(j) shall not exceed 10,000,000 during any fiscal year of the Borrower. 7.06 Sale and Leaseback Transactions. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred (a Sale and Leaseback Transaction ), except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by any Borrower or any Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 90 days after such Borrower or such Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset. 7.07 Restricted Payments; Junior Debt Payments. (a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, declare or make, or agree to declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except: (i) the Borrower may declare and pay dividends with respect to its common stock payable solely in additional shares of its common stock, and, with respect to its preferred stock, payable solely in additional shares of such preferred stock or in shares of its common stock; (ii) Subsidiaries may declare and pay dividends ratably with respect to their Equity Interests; (iii) the Borrower may purchase of capital stock from former or current employees, officers, consultants and directors pursuant to employee stock purchase plans, stockholder plans, director or consultant stock option plans, employee stock option agreements, restricted stock agreements, equity incentive plans or other similar agreements or plans; provided, that, such purchases do not exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate per fiscal year of the Borrower; (iv) other Restricted Payments; provided, that, (A) the Loan Parties shall demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of the Lender that, after giving Pro Forma 70 

Effect to such Restricted Payment, the Total Net Leverage Ratio recalculated as of the end of the twelve-month period most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) shall be at least 0.50 less than the then applicable level set forth in Section 7.11, and (B) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; and (v) other Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount in any fiscal year of the Borrower not to exceed 10,000,000. (b) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, make or agree to make any Junior Debt Payment, except: (i) payment of regularly scheduled interest and principal payments of such Junior Debt, other than payments prohibited by any applicable intercreditor or subordination provisions thereof; (ii) refinancings of any Junior Debt to the extent such refinancing is permitted by Section 7.01; (iii) Junior Debt Payments (other than unsecured Indebtedness) that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness to the extent (A) such sale or transfer is permitted by the terms of Section 7.05, and (B) such payment is not prohibited by any applicable intercreditor or subordination provisions thereof; (iv) conversions, exchanges, redemptions, repayments or prepayments of Junior Debt into or for common Equity Interests of the Borrower; (v) payments on Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 7.01(e); (vi) other Junior Debt Payments; provided, that, (A) the Loan Parties shall demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of the Lender that, after giving Pro Forma Effect to such Junior Debt Payments, the Total Net Leverage Ratio recalculated as of the end of the twelve-month period most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) shall be at least 0.50 less than the then applicable level set forth in Section 7.11, and (B) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; and (vii) other Junior Debt Payments in an aggregate amount in any fiscal year of the Borrower not to exceed an amount equal to the greater of (A) 10,000,000, and (B) ten percent (10 of TTM EBITDA. 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) transactions that (i) are in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) are at prices and on terms and conditions, when taken as a whole, not less favorable to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Loan Parties not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any investment permitted by Section 7.04 (other than by reference to this Section 7.08 (or 71 

any sub-clause hereof)), (d) any Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.01 (other than by reference to this Section 7.08 (or any sub-clause hereof)), (e) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 7.07 (other than by reference to this Section 7.08 (or any sub-clause hereof)), (f) loans or advances to employees permitted under Section 7.04 (other than by reference to this Section 7.08 (or any sub-clause hereof)), (g) the payment of reasonable fees to directors of the Borrower or any Subsidiary who are not employees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and compensation and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, and (h) any issuances of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, equity based awards, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Borrower s board of directors. 7.09 Restrictive Agreements. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided, that, (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by any Law or by any Loan Document, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the Closing Date and identified on Schedule 7.09 of the Disclosure Letter (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, and (v) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof. 7.10 Amendment of Material Documents; Change in Legal Name, State of Organization, Form of Organization or Principal Place of Business. (a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, amend, modify or waive any of its rights under (i) any agreement relating to any Subordinated Indebtedness except in accordance with the terms of any subordination agreement or intercreditor agreement, or (ii) its charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents, to the extent any such amendment, modification or waiver would be materially adverse to the Lender. (b) No Loan Party will, without providing three (3) Business Days prior written notice to the Lender (or such extended period of time as agreed to by the Lender), change its name, state of organization, form of organization or principal place of business. 7.11 Financial Covenant. The Borrower will not permit the Total Net Leverage Ratio, measured as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, to be greater than or equal to 3.00 to 1.0. 72 

ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 8.01 Events of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an event of default (each, an Event of Default ): (a) any Loan Party shall fail to pay any principal of any Revolving Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any L/C Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof; or (b) any Loan Party shall fail to pay any interest on any Revolving Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in Section 8.01(a)) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; or (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall (i) with respect to any representation or warranty that contains a materiality qualification, prove to have been incorrect when made or deemed made, or (ii) respect to any representation or warranty that does not contain a materiality qualification, prove to have been materially incorrect when made or deemed made; or (d) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 6.02(a), Section 6.03 (with respect to a Loan Party s existence), Section 6.08, or in Article VII; or (e) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than those which constitute a default under another Section of this Article VIII), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of any knowledge of a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party of such breach or notice thereof from the Lender; or (f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable (after giving effect to any applicable grace period set forth in the documents governing such Material Indebtedness and to the extent not waived); or (g) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided, that, this Section 8.01(g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that 73 

becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness to the extent such sale or transfer is permitted by the terms of Section 7.05; or (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower, any Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or any of their respective debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; or (i) (i) the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in Section 8.01(h), (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or such Subsidiary (other than any Immaterial Subsidiary) or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or (j) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability, or publicly declare its intention not to, or fail generally, to pay its debts as they become due; or (k) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by insurance) shall be rendered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed or bonded, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or such Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment or the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail within sixty (60) days to discharge one or more non-monetary judgments or orders which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, which judgments or orders, in any such case, are not stayed on appeal or otherwise being appropriately contested in good faith by proper proceedings diligently pursued; or (l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or (m) a Change of Control shall occur; or (n) the Loan Guaranty shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of the Loan Guaranty, or any Guarantor shall fail to comply with any of the terms or provisions of the Loan Guaranty to which it is a party, or any Guarantor shall deny that it has any further liability under the Loan Guaranty to which it is a party, or shall give notice to such effect; or 74 

(o) except as permitted by the terms of any Collateral Document, (i) any Collateral Document shall for any reason fail to create a valid security interest in a material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby other than by reason of any actions or failure to act by the Lender, or (ii) any Lien covering a material portion of the Collateral shall cease to be a perfected, first priority Lien other than by reason of any actions or failure to act by the Lender; or (p) any Collateral Document shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of any Collateral Document except pursuant to the terms thereof; or (q) any intercreditor agreement or subordination agreement at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder has been revoked or invalidated, or any Loan Party shall contest or support any other Person in any action that seeks to contest, the validity or effectiveness of any such intercreditor agreement or subordination agreement. If a Default shall have occurred under the Loan Documents, then such Default will continue to exist until it either is cured (to the extent specifically permitted) in accordance with the Loan Documents or is otherwise expressly waived by Lender as determined in accordance with Section 10.01; and once an Event of Default occurs under the Loan Documents, then such Event of Default will continue to exist until it is expressly waived by the Lender, as required hereunder in Section 10.01. 8.02 Remedies upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Lender may take any or all of the following actions: (a) declare the commitment of the Lender to make Revolving Loans and L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; (c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto); and (d) exercise all rights and remedies available to it under the Loan Documents or applicable Law or equity; provided, that, upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of the Lender to make Revolving Loans and L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Lender. 8.03 Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Revolving Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been 75 

required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02) or if at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Lender to pay fully all Secured Obligations then due hereunder, any amounts received on account of the Secured Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Section 2.11, be applied by the Lender in its sole discretion. Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall not be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or its assets. ARTICLE IX CONTINUING GUARANTY 9.01 Guaranty. Each Guarantor hereby absolutely and unconditionally, jointly and severally guarantees, as primary obligor and as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely as a guaranty of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of any and all of the Secured Obligations (for each Guarantor, subject to the proviso in this sentence, its Guaranteed Obligations provided, that, (a) the Guaranteed Obligations of a Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor, and (b) the liability of each Guarantor individually with respect to this Loan Guaranty shall be limited to an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any comparable provisions of any applicable state law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Guaranteed Obligations shall include any such indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities, or portion thereof, which may be or hereafter become unenforceable or compromised or shall be an allowed or disallowed claim under any proceeding or case commenced by or against any debtor under any Debtor Relief Laws. The Lender s books and records showing the amount of the Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon each Guarantor, and conclusive for the purpose of establishing the amount of the Secured Obligations. This Loan Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Secured Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Secured Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to the Secured Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of the Guarantors, or any of them, under this Loan Guaranty, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the foregoing. 9.02 Rights of Lender. Each Guarantor consents and agrees that the Secured Parties may, to the extent permitted under this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any other agreement with respect to the Secured Obligations, at any time and from time to time, without notice or demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof: (a) amend, extend, renew, compromise, discharge, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Secured Obligations or any part thereof; (b) take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise dispose of any security for the payment of this Loan Guaranty or any Secured Obligations; (c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Lender in its sole discretion may determine; and (d) release or substitute one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of any of the Secured Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of such Guarantor under this Loan Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as a discharge of such Guarantor. 76 

9.03 Certain Waivers. Each Guarantor waives: (a) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of the Borrower or any other guarantor, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of any Secured Party) of the liability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party; (b) any defense based on any claim that such Guarantor s obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of the Borrower or any other Loan Party; (c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting any Guarantor s liability hereunder; (d) any right to proceed against the Borrower or any other Loan Party, proceed against or exhaust any security for the Secured Obligations, or pursue any other remedy in the power of any Secured Party whatsoever; (e) any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by any Secured Party; and (f) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by applicable Law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties. Each Guarantor expressly waives all setoffs and counterclaims and all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Secured Obligations, and all notices of acceptance of this Loan Guaranty or of the existence, creation or incurrence of new or additional Secured Obligations. Each Guarantor waives any rights and defenses that are or may become available to it by reason of 2787 to 2855, inclusive, and 2899 and 3433 of the California Civil Code. 9.04 Obligations Independent. The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent of the Secured Obligations and the obligations of any other guarantor, and a separate action may be brought against each Guarantor to enforce this Loan Guaranty whether or not the Borrower or any other person or entity is joined as a party. 9.05 Subrogation. No Guarantor shall exercise any right of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or similar rights with respect to any payments it makes under this Loan Guaranty until all of the Secured Obligations and any amounts payable under this Loan Guaranty have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full and the Revolving Commitment and the Revolving Facility are terminated. If any amounts are paid to a Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to reduce the amount of the Secured Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 9.06 Termination; Reinstatement. This Loan Guaranty is a continuing and irrevocable guaranty of all Secured Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until the Facility Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Loan Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower or a Guarantor is made, or any of the Secured Parties exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Secured Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by any of the Secured Parties in their discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Secured Parties are in possession of or have released this Loan Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction. 77 

The obligations of each Guarantor under this Section 9.06 shall survive termination of this Loan Guaranty. 9.07 Stay of Acceleration. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Secured Obligations is stayed, in connection with any case commenced by or against a Guarantor or the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable by each Guarantor, jointly and severally, immediately upon demand by the Secured Parties. 9.08 Condition of Borrower. Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from the Borrower and any other guarantor such information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of the Borrower and any such other guarantor as such Guarantor requires, and that none of the Secured Parties has any duty, and such Guarantor is not relying on the Secured Parties at any time, to disclose to it any information relating to the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrower or any other guarantor (each Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Secured Parties to disclose such information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same). 9.09 Appointment of Borrower. Each of the Loan Parties hereby appoints the Borrower to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and all other documents and electronic platforms entered into in connection herewith and agrees that: (a) the Borrower may execute such documents and provide such authorizations on behalf of such Loan Parties as the Borrower deems appropriate in its sole discretion and each Loan Party shall be obligated by all of the terms of any such document and/or authorization executed on its behalf; (b) any notice or communication delivered by the Lender to the Borrower shall be deemed delivered to each Loan Party; and (c) the Lender may accept, and be permitted to rely on, any document, authorization, instrument or agreement executed by the Borrower on behalf of each of the Loan Parties. 9.10 Right of Contribution. The Guarantors agree among themselves that, in connection with payments made hereunder, each Guarantor shall have contribution rights against the other Guarantors as permitted under applicable Law. 9.11 Keepwell. Each Loan Party that is a Qualified ECP Guarantor at the time the Loan Guaranty or the grant of a Lien under the Loan Documents, in each case, by any Specified Loan Party becomes effective with respect to any Swap Obligation, hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its obligations under the Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering such Qualified ECP Guarantor s obligations and undertakings under this Article IX voidable under applicable Law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 9.11 shall remain in full force and effect until the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. Each Loan Party 78 

intends this Section 9.11 to constitute, and this Section 9.11 shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 10.01 Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Lender and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.; provided, that, (a) with respect to SOFR or Term SOFR, the Lender will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Lender shall provide each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective, and (b) in connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Lender will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement, so long as, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Lender shall provide each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications. (a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in clause (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax transmission or e-mail transmission as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, to the address, fax number, e-mail address or telephone number specified for the Borrower or any other Loan Party or the Lender on Schedule 1.01. Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by fax transmission shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in clause (b) below shall be effective as provided in such clause (b). (b) Electronic Communications. (i) Notices and other communications to the Lender hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FPML messaging, 79 

and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to an electronic communications agreement (or such other procedures approved by the Lender). The Lender or the Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, that, approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. (ii) Unless the Lender otherwise prescribes, (A) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (B) notices and other communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received by the intended recipient upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail address or other written acknowledgement) indicating that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided, that, for both clauses (A) and (B), if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient. (c) Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrower and the Lender may change its address, fax number or telephone number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. (d) Reliance by Lender. The Lender shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic notices, Loan Notices, Letter of Credit Applications and Notice of Loan Prepayment) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of a Loan Party. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Lender may be recorded by the Lender, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by the Lender to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. (a) Costs and Expenses. The Loan Parties shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender and its Affiliates (including but not limited to the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Lender and due diligence expenses) in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, 80 

modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out- of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender in connection with the issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Lender (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Lender) in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 10.04, or (B) in connection with Revolving Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Revolving Loans or Letters of Credit. (b) Indemnification by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Lender and each Related Party (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee) incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including the Borrower or any other Loan Party) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby (including the Indemnitee s reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01), (ii) any Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Lender to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned, leased or operated by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided, that, such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries against such Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower or such Subsidiary has obtained a final and non-appealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01, this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. (c) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any other Person, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the 81 

proceeds thereof; provided, that, the foregoing shall in no event limit the Loan Parties indemnification obligations under Section 10.04(b) to the extent such special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages are included in any third-party claim in connection with which such Indemnitee is otherwise entitled to indemnification hereunder. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. (d) Payments. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable not later than thirty (30) days after demand therefor. (e) Survival. The agreements in this Section 10.04 and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(d) shall survive the termination of the Revolving Commitment and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 10.05 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Lender, or the Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred. 10.06 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is binding on each Loan Party s and the Lender s successors and assignees. Each Loan Party agrees that it may not assign this Agreement without the Lender s prior written consent. The Lender may sell participations in or assign all or any portion of the Revolving Commitment and/or its outstanding Revolving Loans, and may exchange information about the Loan Parties (including any information regarding any hazardous substances) with actual or potential participants or assignees; provided, that, the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required with respect to any such assignment unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment. If a participation is sold or the loan is assigned, the purchaser will have the right of set-off against the Borrower. 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. (a) Treatment of Certain Information. The Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates, its auditors and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (iii) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other party hereto, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or 82 

proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.07, to (A) any permitted assignee of or participant in, or any prospective permitted assignee of or participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, or (B) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (vii) on a confidential basis to any rating agency in connection with rating any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder, (viii) with the consent of the Borrower or to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.07, or (B) becomes available to the Lender or any of its Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower, or (ix) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from the Borrower or violating the terms of this Section 10.07. For purposes of this Section 10.07, Information means all information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided, that, in the case of information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the Closing Date, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.07 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. In addition, the Lender may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Lender in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Revolving Commitment. (b) Press Releases. The Loan Parties and their Affiliates agree that they will not in the future issue any press releases or other public disclosure using the name of the Lender or its Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents without the prior written consent of the Lender, unless (and only to the extent that) the Loan Parties or such Affiliate is required to do so under law and then, in any event the Loan Parties or such Affiliate will consult with such Person before issuing such press release or other public disclosure. (c) Customary Advertising Material. The Loan Parties consent to the publication by the Lender of customary advertising material relating to the transactions contemplated hereby using the name, product photographs, logo or trademark of the Loan Parties. 10.08 Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by the Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or any other Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the Lender or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not the Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or any other Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured, secured or unsecured, or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of the Lender different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such 83 

indebtedness. The rights of the Lender and its Affiliates under this Section 10.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that the Lender or its Affiliates may have under applicable Law. The Lender agrees to notify the Borrower promptly after any such setoff and application, provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Revolving Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 10.10 Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Lender, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Lender and when the Lender shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Lender or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Revolving Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding and until the Facility Termination Date. 10.12 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 84 

10.13 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. (a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE LENDER OR ANY RELATED PARTY IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. (c) WAIVER OF VENUE. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (B) OF THIS SECTION 10.13. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY 85 

PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 10.14 Waiver of Jury Trial; California Judicial Reference. (a) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.14(a). (b) If the waiver of jury trial set forth in Section 10.14(a) is not enforceable, then any and all disputes or controversies of any nature arising at any time shall be decided by a reference to a private judge, mutually selected by the parties (or, if they cannot agree, by the Presiding Judge of the San Francisco County, California Superior Court) appointed in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure Section 638. Nothing in this Section 10.14(b) shall limit the right of any party at any time to exercise self-help remedies, foreclose against collateral, or obtain provisional remedies. The private judge shall also determine all issues relating to the applicability, interpretation, and enforceability of this Section 10.14(b). 10.15 Subordination. Each Loan Party (a Subordinating Loan Party hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and indebtedness of any other Loan Party owing to it, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including but not limited to any obligation of any such other Loan Party to the Subordinating Loan Party as subrogee of the Secured Parties or resulting from such Subordinating Loan Party s performance under the Loan Guaranty, to the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all Secured Obligations. If the Secured Parties so request, any such obligation or indebtedness of any such other Loan Party to the Subordinating Loan Party shall be enforced and performance received by the Subordinating Loan Party as trustee for the Secured Parties and the proceeds thereof shall be paid over to the Secured Parties on account of the Secured Obligations, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of the Subordinating Loan Party under this Agreement. Without limitation of the foregoing, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, the Loan Parties may make and receive payments with respect to intercompany indebtedness; provided, that, if any Loan Party receives any payment of any such indebtedness at a time when such payment is prohibited by this Section 10.15, such payment shall be held by such Loan Party, in trust for the benefit of, and shall be paid forthwith over and delivered, upon written request, to the Lender. 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, 86 

that: (a)(i) the services regarding this Agreement provided by the Lender and any Affiliate thereof are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Lender and its Affiliates, on the other hand, (ii) the Borrower and each of the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b)(i) the Lender and its Affiliates each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person, and (ii) neither the Lender nor any of its Affiliates has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (c) the Lender and its Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Lender nor any of its Affiliates has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Lender or any of its Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transactions contemplated hereby. 10.17 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and the Lender agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into .pdf), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Lender may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (each, an Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Lender is not under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, that, (a) to the extent the Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Lender shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature, and (b) upon the request of the Lender, Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. The Lender shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other 87 

agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Lender s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). Each of the Loan Parties hereby waives (a) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement or such other Loan Document, and (b) waives any claim against the Lender and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act Notice. The Lender hereby notifies the Borrower and the other Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower and each other Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and each other Loan Party and other information that will allow the Lender to identify the Borrower and each other Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower and each other Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Lender, provide all such other documentation and information that the Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 10.19 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be 88 

exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOWOMITTED] 89 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. BORROWER: FIGS, INC., a Delaware corporation By: Name: Title: 

LENDER: BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as the Lender By: Name: Title: 

</EX-10.1 1>

<EX-10.3>
 5
 figs-20221231xexx103.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

FIGS, INC. 
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 
 
 ARTICLE I. PURPOSE 
 The Plan s purpose is to enhance the Company s ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected to make) important contributions to the Company by providing these individuals with equity ownership opportunities and or equity-linked compensatory opportunities. Capitalized terms used in the Plan are defined in Article XI. 
 ARTICLE II. ELIGIBILITY 
 Service Providers are eligible to be granted Awards under the Plan, subject to the limitations described herein. 
 ARTICLE III. ADMINISTRATION AND DELEGATION 
 3.1 Administration . The Plan is administered by the Administrator. The Administrator has authority to determine which Service Providers receive Awards, grant Awards and set Award terms and conditions, subject to the conditions and limitations in the Plan. The Administrator also has the authority to take all actions and make all determinations under the Plan, to interpret the Plan and Award Agreements and to adopt, amend and repeal Plan administrative rules, guidelines and practices as it deems advisable. The Administrator may correct defects and ambiguities, supply omissions and reconcile inconsistencies in the Plan or any Award Agreement as it deems necessary or appropriate to administer the Plan and any Awards. The Administrator s determinations under the Plan are in its sole discretion and will be final and binding on all persons having or claiming any interest in the Plan or any Award. 
 3.2 Appointment of Committees . To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Board or the Administrator may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or more Committees or committees of officers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Board or the Administrator, as applicable, may rescind any such delegation, abolish any such committee or Committee and or re-vest in itself any previously delegated authority at any time. 
 ARTICLE IV. STOCK AVAILABLE FOR AWARDS 
 4.1 Number of Shares . Subject to adjustment under Article VIII and the terms of this Article IV, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to Awards under the Plan shall be equal to the Overall Share Limit. As of the Effective Date, the Company will cease granting awards under the Prior Plan however, Prior Plan Awards will remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan. Shares issued under the Plan may consist of authorized but unissued Shares, Shares purchased on the open market or treasury Shares. Shares issued under the Plan will be shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 4.2 Share Recycling . If all or any part of an Award or a Prior Plan Award expires, lapses or is terminated, exchanged for or settled in cash, surrendered, repurchased, canceled without having been 

fully exercised or forfeited, in any case, in a manner that results in the Company acquiring Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award at a price not greater than the price (as adjusted to reflect any Equity Restructuring) paid by the Participant for such Shares or not issuing any Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award, the unused Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award will, as applicable, become or again be available for Award grants under the Plan. Further, Shares delivered (either by actual delivery or attestation) to the Company by a Participant to satisfy the applicable exercise or purchase price of an Award or Prior Plan Award and or to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligation with respect to an Award or Prior Plan Award (including Shares retained by the Company from the Award or Prior Plan Award being exercised or purchased and or creating the tax obligation) will, as applicable, become or again be available for Award grants under the Plan. The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding Awards shall not count against the Overall Share Limit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the following Shares shall not be added to the Shares authorized for grant under Section 4.1 and shall not be available for future grants of Awards (a) Shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the Stock Appreciation Right on exercise thereof and (b) Shares purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of Options. 
 4.3 Incentive Stock Option Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no more than 100,000,000 Shares may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options. 
 4.4 Substitute Awards . In connection with an entity s merger or consolidation with the Company or the Company s acquisition of an entity s property or stock, the Administrator may grant Awards in substitution for any options or other stock or stock-based awards granted before such merger or consolidation by such entity or its affiliate. Substitute Awards may be granted on such terms as the Administrator deems appropriate, notwithstanding limitations on Awards in the Plan. Substitute Awards will not count against the Overall Share Limit (nor shall Shares subject to a Substitute Award be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided above), except that Shares acquired by exercise of substitute Incentive Stock Options will count against the maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan. Additionally, in the event that a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines has shares available under a pre-existing plan approved by stockholders and not adopted in contemplation of such acquisition or combination, the shares available for grant pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation ratio or formula used in such acquisition or combination to determine the consideration payable to the holders of common stock of the entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan (and Shares subject to such Awards shall not be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided above) provided that Awards using such available shares shall not be made after the date awards or grants could have been made under the terms of the pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition or combination, and shall only be made to individuals who were not Employees, Consultants or Directors prior to such acquisition or combination. 
 4.5 Non-Employee Director Compensation . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan, the Administrator may establish compensation for non-employee Directors from time to time, subject to the limitations in the Plan. The Administrator will from time to time determine the terms, conditions and amounts of all such non-employee Director compensation in its discretion and pursuant to the exercise of its business judgment, taking into account such factors, circumstances and considerations as it shall deem relevant from time to time provided that, commencing with the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Effective Date occurs, the sum of any cash compensation, or other 
 2 

compensation, and the value (determined as of the grant date in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or any successor thereto) of Awards granted to a non-employee Director as compensation for services as a non-employee Director with respect to any fiscal year of the Company may not exceed 700,000 (which limit shall not apply to the compensation for any non-employee Director of the Company who serves in any capacity in addition to that of a non-employee Director for which he or she receives additional compensation). 
 ARTICLE V. STOCK OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 
 5.1 General . The Administrator may grant Options or Stock Appreciation Rights to Service Providers subject to the limitations in the Plan, including any limitations in the Plan that apply to Incentive Stock Options. A Stock Appreciation Right will entitle the Participant (or other person entitled to exercise the Stock Appreciation Right) to receive from the Company upon exercise of the exercisable portion of the Stock Appreciation Right an amount determined by multiplying the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price per Share of the Stock Appreciation Right by the number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised. Such amount shall be subject to any limitations of the Plan or that the Administrator may impose and payable in cash, Shares valued at Fair Market Value or a combination of the two as the Administrator may determine or provide in the Award Agreement. 
 5.2 Exercise Price . The Administrator will establish each Option s and Stock Appreciation Right s exercise price and specify the exercise price in the Award Agreement. The exercise price will not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the grant date of the Option (subject to Section 5.6) or Stock Appreciation Right. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right that is a Substitute Award, the exercise price per share of the Shares subject to such Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, may be less than the Fair Market Value per share on the date of grant provided that the exercise price of any Substitute Award shall be determined in accordance with the applicable requirements of Sections 424 and 409A of the Code. 
 5.3 Duration . Each Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be exercisable at such times and as specified in the Award Agreement, provided that the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right will not exceed ten years. Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless determined otherwise by the Company, in the event that on the last business day of the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (other than an Incentive Stock Option) (i) the exercise of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right is prohibited by Applicable Law, as determined by the Company, or (ii) Shares may not be purchased or sold by the applicable Participant due to any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods) or a lock-up agreement undertaken in connection with an issuance of securities by the Company, the term of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be extended until the date that is 30 days after the end of the legal prohibition, black-out period or lock-up agreement, as determined by the Company provided, however, in no event shall the extension last beyond the ten year term of the applicable Option or Stock Appreciation Right. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted under Applicable Laws, if the Participant, prior to the end of the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, violates the non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or other similar restrictive covenant provisions of any employment contract, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the right of the Participant and the Participant s transferees to exercise any Option or Stock Appreciation Right issued to the Participant shall terminate immediately upon such violation, unless the Company otherwise determines. 
 3 

5.4 Exercise . Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised by delivering to the Company a written notice of exercise, in a form the Administrator approves (which may be electronic), signed by the person authorized to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, together with, as applicable, payment in full (i) as specified in Section 5.5 for the number of Shares for which the Award is exercised and (ii) as specified in Section 9.5 for any applicable taxes. Unless the Administrator otherwise determines, an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 
 5.5 Payment Upon Exercise . Subject to Section 10.8, any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods) and Applicable Laws, the exercise price of an Option must be paid by 
 (a) cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or by check payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Company may limit the use of one of the foregoing payment forms if one or more of the payment forms below is permitted 
 (b) if there is a public market for Shares at the time of exercise, unless the Company otherwise determines, (i) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price, or (ii) the Participant s delivery to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator 
 (c) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of Shares owned by the Participant valued at their Fair Market Value 
 (d) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, surrendering Shares then issuable upon the Option s exercise valued at their Fair Market Value on the exercise date 
 (e) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery of a promissory note or any other property that the Administrator determines is good and valuable consideration or 
 (f) to the extent permitted by the Company, any combination of the above payment forms approved by the Administrator. 
 5.6 Additional Terms of Incentive Stock Options . The Administrator may grant Incentive Stock Options only to employees of the Company, any of its present or future parent or subsidiary corporations, as defined in Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Code, respectively, and any other entities the employees of which are eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options under the Code. If an Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Greater Than 10 Stockholder, the exercise price will not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value on the Option s grant date, and the term of the Option will not exceed five years. All Incentive Stock Options will be subject to and construed consistently with Section 422 of the Code. By accepting an Incentive Stock Option, the Participant agrees to give prompt notice to the Company of dispositions or other transfers (other than in connection with a Change in Control) of Shares acquired under the Option made within (i) two years from the grant date of the Option or (ii) one year after the transfer of such Shares to the Participant, specifying the date of the disposition or other transfer and the amount the Participant realized, in cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, in such disposition or other transfer. Neither the Company nor the Administrator will be liable to a Participant, or any other party, if an Incentive Stock Option fails or ceases to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. Any Incentive Stock Option or portion thereof that fails to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code for any reason, including 
 4 

becoming exercisable with respect to Shares having a fair market value exceeding the 100,000 limitation under Treasury Regulation Section 1.422-4, will be a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 
 ARTICLE VI. RESTRICTED STOCK RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS 
 6.1 General . The Administrator may grant Restricted Stock, or the right to purchase Restricted Stock, to any Service Provider, subject to the Company s right to repurchase all or part of such shares at their issue price or other stated or formula price from the Participant (or to require forfeiture of such shares) if conditions the Administrator specifies in the Award Agreement are not satisfied before the end of the applicable restriction period or periods that the Administrator establishes for such Award. In addition, the Administrator may grant to Service Providers Restricted Stock Units, which may be subject to vesting and forfeiture conditions during the applicable restriction period or periods, as set forth in an Award Agreement. 
 6.2 Restricted Stock . 
 (a) Dividends . Participants holding shares of Restricted Stock will be entitled to all ordinary cash dividends paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise in the Award Agreement. In addition, unless the Administrator provides otherwise, if any dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, or consist of a dividend or distribution to holders of Common Stock of property other than an ordinary cash dividend, the Shares or other property will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid. 
 (b) Stock Certificates . The Company may require that the Participant deposit in escrow with the Company (or its designee) any stock certificates issued in respect of shares of Restricted Stock, together with a stock power endorsed in blank. 
 6.3 Restricted Stock Units . 
 (a) Settlement . The Administrator may provide that settlement of Restricted Stock Units will occur upon or as soon as reasonably practicable after the Restricted Stock Units vest or will instead be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the Participant s election, in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A. 
 (b) Stockholder Rights . A Participant will have no rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to any Restricted Stock Unit unless and until the Shares are delivered in settlement of the Restricted Stock Unit. 
 6.4 Dividend Equivalents . If the Administrator provides, a grant of Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock or Cash Based Award may provide a Participant with the right to receive Dividend Equivalents, and no Dividend Equivalents shall be payable with respect to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. Dividend Equivalents may be paid currently or credited to an account for the Participant, settled in cash or Shares and subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Restricted Stock Units with respect to which the Dividend Equivalents are granted and subject to other terms and conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement. 
 ARTICLE VII. OTHER STOCK OR CASH BASED AWARDS 
 5 

Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be granted to Participants, including Awards entitling Participants to receive Shares to be delivered in the future and including annual or other periodic or long-term cash bonus awards (whether based on specified Performance Criteria or otherwise), in each case subject to any conditions and limitations in the Plan. Such Other Stock or Cash Based Awards will also be available as a payment form in the settlement of other Awards, as standalone payments and as payment in lieu of compensation to which a Participant is otherwise entitled. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be paid in Shares, cash or other property, as the Administrator determines. 
 ARTICLE VIII. ADJUSTMENTS FOR CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK AND CERTAIN OTHER EVENTS 
 8.1 Equity Restructuring . In connection with any Equity Restructuring, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article VIII, the Administrator will equitably adjust each outstanding Award as it deems appropriate to reflect the Equity Restructuring, which may include adjusting the number and type of securities subject to each outstanding Award and or the Award s exercise price or grant price (if applicable), granting new Awards to Participants, and making a cash payment to Participants. The adjustments provided under this Section 8.1 will be nondiscretionary and final and binding on the affected Participant and the Company provided that the Administrator will determine whether an adjustment is equitable. 
 8.2 Corporate Transactions . In the event of any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property), reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, amalgamation, repurchase, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or sale or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, Change in Control, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or other securities of the Company, other similar corporate transaction or event, other unusual or nonrecurring transaction or event affecting the Company or its financial statements or any change in any Applicable Laws or accounting principles, the Administrator, on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event (except that action to give effect to a change in Applicable Law or accounting principles may be made within a reasonable period of time after such change) is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is appropriate in order to (x) prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended by the Company to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any Award granted or issued under the Plan, (y) to facilitate such transaction or event or (z) give effect to such changes in Applicable Laws or accounting principles 
 (a) To provide for the cancellation of any such Award in exchange for either an amount of cash or other property with a value equal to the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights under the vested portion of such Award, as applicable provided that, if the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights, in any case, is equal to or less than zero, then the Award may be terminated without payment provided, further, that Awards held by members of the Board will be settled in Shares on or immediately prior to the applicable event if the Administrator takes action under this clause (a) 
 6 

(b) To provide that such Award shall vest and, to the extent applicable, be exercisable as to all shares covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the provisions of such Award 
 (c) To provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted for by awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and or applicable exercise or purchase price, in all cases, as determined by the Administrator 
 (d) To make adjustments in the number and type of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards and or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Article IV on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued) and or in the terms and conditions of (including the grant or exercise price or applicable performance goals), and the criteria included in, outstanding Awards 
 (e) To replace such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator and or 
 (f) To provide that the Award will terminate and cannot vest, be exercised or become payable after the applicable event. 
 8.3 Effect of Non-Assumption in a Change in Control . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.2, if a Change in Control occurs and a Participant s Awards are not continued, converted, assumed, or replaced with a substantially similar award by (a) the Company, or (b) a successor entity or its parent or subsidiary (an Assumption ), and provided that the Participant has not had a Termination of Service, then, immediately prior to the Change in Control, such Awards shall become fully vested, exercisable and or payable, as applicable, and all forfeiture, repurchase and other restrictions on such Awards shall lapse, in which case, such Awards shall be canceled upon the consummation of the Change in Control in exchange for the right to receive the Change in Control consideration payable to other holders of Common Stock (i) which may be on such terms and conditions as apply generally to holders of Common Stock under the Change in Control documents (including, without limitation, any escrow, earn-out or other deferred consideration provisions) or such other terms and conditions as the Administrator may provide, and (ii) determined by reference to the number of shares subject to such Awards and net of any applicable exercise price provided that to the extent that any Awards constitute nonqualified deferred compensation that may not be paid upon the Change in Control under Section 409A without the imposition of taxes thereon under Section 409A, the timing of such payments shall be governed by the applicable Award Agreement (subject to any deferred consideration provisions applicable under the Change in Control documents) and provided, further, that if the amount to which a Participant would be entitled upon the settlement or exercise of such Award at the time of the Change in Control is equal to or less than zero, then such Award may be terminated without payment. The Administrator shall determine whether an Assumption of an Award has occurred in connection with a Change in Control. 
 8.4 Administrative Stand Still . In the event of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other extraordinary transaction or change affecting the Shares or the share price of Common Stock, including any Equity Restructuring or any securities 
 7 

offering or other similar transaction, for administrative convenience, the Administrator may refuse to permit the exercise of any Award for up to 60 days before or after such transaction. 
 8.5 General . Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the Administrator s action under the Plan, no Participant will have any rights due to any subdivision or consolidation of Shares of any class, dividend payment, increase or decrease in the number of Shares of any class or dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the Company or other corporation. Except as expressly provided with respect to an Equity Restructuring under Section 8.1 or the Administrator s action under the Plan, no issuance by the Company of Shares of any class, or securities convertible into Shares of any class, will affect, and no adjustment will be made regarding, the number of Shares subject to an Award or the Award s grant or exercise price. The existence of the Plan, any Award Agreements and the Awards granted hereunder will not affect or restrict in any way the Company s right or power to make or authorize (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company s capital structure or its business, (ii) any merger, consolidation dissolution or liquidation of the Company or sale of Company assets or (iii) any sale or issuance of securities, including securities with rights superior to those of the Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares. The Administrator may treat Participants and Awards (or portions thereof) differently under this Article VIII. 
 ARTICLE IX. GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO AWARDS 
 9.1 Transferability . Except as the Administrator may determine or provide in an Award Agreement or otherwise for Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, Awards may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or, subject to the Administrator s consent, pursuant to a domestic relations order, and, during the life of the Participant, will be exercisable only by the Participant. Any permitted transfer of an Award hereunder shall be without consideration, except as required by Applicable Law. References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the context, will include references to a Participant s authorized transferee that the Administrator specifically approves. 
 9.2 Documentation . Each Award will be evidenced in an Award Agreement, which may be written or electronic, as the Administrator determines. The Award Agreement will contain the terms and conditions applicable to an Award. Each Award may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan. 
 9.3 Discretion . Except as the Plan otherwise provides, each Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The terms of each Award to a Participant need not be identical, and the Administrator need not treat Participants or Awards (or portions thereof) uniformly. 
 9.4 Termination of Status . The Administrator will determine how the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence or any other change or purported change in a Participant s Service Provider status affects an Award and the extent to which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participant s legal representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary may exercise rights under the Award, if applicable. 
 9.5 Withholding . Each Participant must pay the Company, or make provision satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of, any taxes required by Applicable Law to be withheld in connection with such Participant s Awards by the date of the event creating the tax liability. The Company may deduct an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax obligations based on the applicable statutory withholding 
 8 

rates (or such other rate as may be determined by the Company after considering any accounting consequences or costs) from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant. In the absence of a contrary determination by the Company (or, with respect to withholding pursuant to clause (ii) below with respect to Awards held by individuals subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, a contrary determination by the Administrator), all tax withholding obligations will be calculated based on the minimum applicable statutory withholding rates. Subject to Section 10.8 and any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods), Participants may satisfy such tax obligations (i) in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, by check made payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Company may limit the use of the foregoing payment forms if one or more of the payment forms below is permitted, (ii) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, in whole or in part by delivery of Shares, including Shares delivered by attestation and Shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at their fair market value on the date of delivery, (iii) if there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligations are satisfied, unless the Company otherwise determines, (A) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to satisfy the tax obligations, or (B) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to satisfy the tax withholding provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator, or (iv) to the extent permitted by the Company, any combination of the foregoing payment forms approved by the Administrator. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the number of Shares which may be so delivered or retained pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be limited to the number of Shares which have a fair market value on the date of delivery or retention no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the maximum individual statutory tax rate in the applicable jurisdiction at the time of such withholding (or such other rate as may be required to avoid the liability classification of the applicable award under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America). If any tax withholding obligation will be satisfied under clause (ii) above by the Company s retention of Shares from the Award creating the tax obligation and there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligation is satisfied, the Company may elect to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on the applicable Participant s behalf some or all of the Shares retained and to remit the proceeds of the sale to the Company or its designee, and each Participant s acceptance of an Award under the Plan will constitute the Participant s authorization to the Company and instruction and authorization to such brokerage firm to complete the transactions described in this sentence. 
 9.6 Amendment of Award Repricing . The Administrator may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award, including by substituting another Award of the same or a different type, changing the exercise or settlement date, and converting an Incentive Stock Option to a Non-Qualified Stock Option. The Participant s consent to such action will be required unless (i) the action, taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the Participant s rights under the Award, or (ii) the change is permitted under Article VIII or pursuant to Section 10.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Administrator may, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, reduce the exercise price per share of outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights or cancel outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with an exercise price per share that is less than the exercise price per share of the original Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 
 9.7 Conditions on Delivery of Stock . The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Shares under the Plan or remove restrictions from Shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all 
 9 

Award conditions have been met or removed to the Company s satisfaction, (ii) as determined by the Company, all other legal matters regarding the issuance and delivery of such Shares have been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws and stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any Applicable Laws. The Company s inability to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which the Administrator determines is necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any securities, will relieve the Company of any liability for failing to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained. 
 9.8 Acceleration . The Administrator may at any time provide that any Award will become immediately vested and fully or partially exercisable, free of some or all restrictions or conditions, or otherwise fully or partially realizable. 
 9.9 Cash Settlement . Without limiting the generality of any other provision of the Plan, the Administrator may provide, in an Award Agreement or subsequent to the grant of an Award, in its discretion, that any Award may be settled in cash, Shares or a combination thereof. 
 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 
 10.1 No Right to Employment or Other Status . No person will have any claim or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award will not be construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free from any liability or claim under the Plan or any Award, except as expressly provided in an Award Agreement. 
 10.2 No Rights as Stockholder Certificates . Subject to the Award Agreement, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary will have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares to be distributed under an Award until becoming the record holder of such Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the Administrator otherwise determines or Applicable Laws require, the Company will not be required to deliver to any Participant certificates evidencing Shares issued in connection with any Award and instead such Shares may be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). The Company may place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan that the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to comply with Applicable Laws. 
 10.3 Effective Date and Term of Plan . Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the Plan will become effective on the day prior to the Public Trading Date and will remain in effect until the tenth anniversary of earlier of (i) the date the Board adopted the Plan or (ii) the date the Company s stockholders approved the Plan, but Awards previously granted may extend beyond that date in accordance with the Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, an Incentive Stock Option may not be granted under the Plan after 10 years from the earlier of (i) the date the Board adopted the Plan or (ii) the date the Company s stockholders approved the Plan. If the Plan is not approved by the Company s stockholders, the Plan will not become effective and no Awards will be granted under the Plan and the Prior Plan will continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
 10.4 Amendment of Plan . The Administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time provided that no amendment, other than an increase to the Overall Share Limit, may materially and adversely affect any Award outstanding at the time of such amendment without the affected 
 10 

Participant s consent. No Awards may be granted under the Plan during any suspension period or after the Plan s termination. Awards outstanding at the time of any Plan suspension or termination will continue to be governed by the Plan and the Award Agreement, as in effect before such suspension or termination. The Board will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Laws. 
 10.5 Provisions for Foreign Participants . The Administrator may modify Awards granted to Participants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States or establish subplans or procedures under the Plan to address differences in laws, rules, regulations or customs of such foreign jurisdictions with respect to tax, securities, currency, employee benefit or other matters. 
 10.6 Section 409A . 
 (a) General . The Company intends that all Awards be structured to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A, such that no adverse tax consequences, interest, or penalties under Section 409A apply. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, the Administrator may, without a Participant s consent, amend this Plan or Awards, adopt policies and procedures, or take any other actions (including amendments, policies, procedures and retroactive actions) as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of Awards, including any such actions intended to (A) exempt this Plan or any Award from Section 409A, or (B) comply with Section 409A, including regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority that may be issued after an Award s grant date. The Company makes no representations or warranties as to an Award s tax treatment under Section 409A or otherwise. The Company will have no obligation under this Section 10.6 or otherwise to avoid the taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A with respect to any Award and will have no liability to any Participant or any other person if any Award, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute noncompliant nonqualified deferred compensation subject to taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A. 
 (b) Separation from Service . If an Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, any payment or settlement of such Award upon a termination of a Participant s Service Provider relationship will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A, be made only upon the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A), whether such separation from service occurs upon or after the termination of the Participant s Service Provider relationship. For purposes of this Plan or any Award Agreement relating to any such payments or benefits, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms means a separation from service. 
 (c) Payments to Specified Employees . Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or any Award Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred compensation required to be made under an Award to a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A and as the Administrator determines) due to his or her separation from service will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, be delayed for the six-month period immediately following such separation from service (or, if earlier, until the specified employee s death) and will instead be paid (as set forth in the Award Agreement) on the day immediately following such six-month period or as soon as administratively practicable thereafter (without interest). Any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation under such Award payable more than six months following the Participant s separation from service will be paid at the time or times the payments are otherwise scheduled to be made. Furthermore, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan or any Award 
 11 

Agreement, any payment of nonqualified deferred compensation under the Plan that may be made in installments shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. 
 10.7 Limitations on Liability . Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, no individual acting as a director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary will be liable to any Participant, former Participant, spouse, beneficiary, or any other person for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan or any Award, and such individual will not be personally liable with respect to the Plan because of any contract or other instrument executed in his or her capacity as an Administrator, director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each director, officer, other employee and agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that has been or will be granted or delegated any duty or power relating to the Plan s administration or interpretation, against any cost or expense (including attorneys fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the Administrator s approval) arising from any act or omission concerning this Plan unless arising from such person s own fraud or bad faith. 
 10.8 Lock-Up Period . The Company may, at the request of any underwriter representative or otherwise, in connection with registering the offering of any Company securities under the Securities Act, prohibit Participants from, directly or indirectly, selling or otherwise transferring any Shares or other Company securities during a period of up to 180 days following the effective date of a Company registration statement filed under the Securities Act, or such longer period as determined by the underwriter. 
 10.9 Data Privacy . As a condition for receiving any Award, each Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this section by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates exclusively for implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may hold certain personal information about a Participant, including the Participant s name, address and telephone number birthdate social security, insurance number or other identification number salary nationality job title(s) any Shares held in the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliates and Award details, to implement, manage and administer the Plan and Awards (the Data ). The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data amongst themselves as necessary to implement, administer and manage a Participant s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data to third parties assisting the Company with Plan implementation, administration and management. These recipients may be located in the Participant s country, or elsewhere, and the Participant s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the recipients country. By accepting an Award, each Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any required Data transfer to a broker or other third party with whom the Company or the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares. The Data related to a Participant will be held only as long as necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan. A Participant may, at any time, view the Data that the Company holds regarding such Participant, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data regarding such Participant, recommend any necessary corrections to the Data regarding the Participant or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section 10.9 in writing, without cost, by contacting the local human resources representative. The Company may cancel Participant s ability to participate in the Plan and, in the Administrator s discretion, the Participant may forfeit any outstanding Awards if the Participant refuses or withdraws the consents in this Section 10.9. For more information on the consequences of refusing or withdrawing consent, Participants may contact their local human resources representative. 
 12 

10.10 Severability . If any portion of the Plan or any action taken under it is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action will be null and void. 
 10.11 Governing Documents . If any contradiction occurs between the Plan and any Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company (or any Subsidiary) that the Administrator has approved, the Plan will govern, unless it is expressly specified in such Award Agreement or other written document that a specific provision of the Plan will not apply. 
 10.12 Governing Law . The Plan and all Awards will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, disregarding any state s choice-of-law principles requiring the application of a jurisdiction s laws other than the State of Delaware. 
 10.13 Claw-back Provisions . All Awards (including, without limitation, any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit actually or constructively received by Participant upon any receipt or exercise of any Award or upon the receipt or resale of any shares of Common Stock underlying the Award) shall be subject to the provisions of any claw-back policy implemented by the Company, including, without limitation, any claw-back policy adopted to comply with Applicable Laws (including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder), as and to the extent set forth in such claw-back policy or the Award Agreement. 
 10.14 Titles and Headings . The titles and headings in the Plan are for convenience of reference only and, if any conflict, the Plan s text, rather than such titles or headings, will control. 
 10.15 Conformity to Securities Laws . Participant acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform to the extent necessary with Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan and all Awards will be administered only in conformance with Applicable Laws. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Plan and all Award Agreements will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to Applicable Laws. 
 10.16 Relationship to Other Benefits . No payment under the Plan will be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except as expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder. 
 10.17 Broker-Assisted Sales . In the event of a broker-assisted sale of Shares in connection with the payment of amounts owed by a Participant under or with respect to the Plan or Awards, including amounts to be paid under the final sentence of Section 9.5 (a) any Shares to be sold through the broker-assisted sale will be sold on the day the payment first becomes due, or as soon thereafter as practicable (b) such Shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan in which all participants receive an average price (c) the applicable Participant will be responsible for all broker s fees and other costs of sale, and by accepting an Award, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages, or expenses relating to any such sale (d) to the extent the Company or its designee receives proceeds of such sale that exceed the amount owed, the Company will pay such excess in cash to the applicable Participant as soon as reasonably practicable (e) the Company and its designees are under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price and (f) in the event the proceeds of such sale are insufficient to satisfy the Participant s applicable obligation, 
 13 

the Participant may be required to pay immediately upon demand to the Company or its designee an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any remaining portion of the Participant s obligation. 
 ARTICLE XI. DEFINITIONS 
 As used in the Plan, the following words and phrases will have the following meanings 
 11.1 Administrator means the Board or a Committee to the extent that the Board s powers or authority under the Plan have been delegated to such Committee. 
 11.2 Applicable Laws means the requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under U.S. federal and state securities, tax and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the applicable rules of any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws and rules of any foreign country or other jurisdiction where Awards are granted. 
 11.3 Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Dividend Equivalents, or Other Stock or Cash Based Awards. 
 11.4 Award Agreement means a written agreement evidencing an Award, which may be electronic, that contains such terms and conditions as the Administrator determines, consistent with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 11.5 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 11.6 Change in Control means and includes each of the following 
 (a) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Common Stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a transaction or series of transactions that meets the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (c) below) whereby any person or related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (other than the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any Permitted Holder, an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the Company s securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition or 
 (b) During any period of two consecutive years, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new Director(s) (other than a Director designated by a person who shall have entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in subsections (a) or (c)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Directors then still in office who either were Directors at the beginning of the two-year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof (a Non-Transactional Change in Control or 
 14 

(c) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction 
 (i) which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Company s assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor Entity )) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and 
 (ii) after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity provided , however , that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this clause (ii) as beneficially owning 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award (or portion of any Award) that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, the transaction or event described in subsection (a), (b) or (c) with respect to such Award (or portion thereof) shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award if such transaction also constitutes a change in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5). 
 The Administrator shall have full and final authority, which shall be exercised in its discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to the above definition, the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control and any incidental matters relating thereto provided that any exercise of authority in conjunction with a determination of whether a Change in Control is a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be consistent with such regulation. 
 11.7 Class A Common Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value of 0.0001 per share. 
 11.8 Class B Common Stock means the Class B common stock of the Company, par value of 0.0001 per share. 
 11.9 Closing Date means the date on which the Company s initial public offering closes. 
 11.10 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations issued thereunder. 
 11.11 Committee means one or more committees or subcommittees of the Board, which may include one or more Company directors or executive officers, to the extent Applicable Laws permit. To the extent required to comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3, it is intended that each member of the Committee will be, at the time the Committee takes any action with respect to an Award that is subject to 
 15 

Rule 16b-3, a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 however, a Committee member s failure to qualify as a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 will not invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly granted under the Plan. 
 11.12 Common Stock means the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock . 
 11.13 Company means FIGS, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor. 
 11.14 Consultant means any consultant or advisor, engaged by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to render services to such entity, who qualifies as a consultant or advisor under the applicable rules of Form S-8 Registration Statement. 
 11.15 Designated Beneficiary means the beneficiary or beneficiaries the Participant designates, in a manner the Administrator determines, to receive amounts due or exercise the Participant s rights if the Participant dies or becomes incapacitated. Without a Participant s effective designation, Designated Beneficiary will mean the Participant s estate. 
 11.16 Director means a Board member. 
 11.17 Disability means a permanent and total disability under Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, as amended. 
 11.18 Dividend Equivalents means a right granted to a Participant under the Plan to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Shares) of dividends paid on Shares. 
 11.19 Employee means any employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 
 11.20 Equity Restructuring means, as determined by the Administrator, a non-reciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, or other large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects the shares of Common Stock (or other securities of the Company) or the share price of Common Stock (or other securities of the Company) and causes a change in the per share value of the Common Stock underlying outstanding Awards. 
 11.21 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 11.22 Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of a share of Common Stock determined as follows (a) if the Class A Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such Common Stock as quoted on such exchange for such date, or if no sale occurred on such date, the last day preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable (b) if the Class A Common Stock is not traded on a stock exchange but is quoted on a national market or other quotation system, the closing sales price on such date, or if no sales occurred on such date, then on the last date preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable or (c) without an established market for the Class A Common Stock, the Administrator will determine the Fair Market Value in its discretion. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Award granted on the pricing date of the Company s initial public offering, the Fair Market Value shall mean the initial public offering price of a 
 16 

Share as set forth in the Company s final prospectus relating to its initial public offering filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 11.23 Fully Diluted Shares means, as of any given date, the sum of (i) the total number of outstanding Shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, excluding any shares of preferred stock that may be converted and (ii) the total number of Shares of Class A Common Stock underlying equity awards granted under the Prior Plan with respect to which Shares have not actually been issued, in each case as of such date. 
 11.24 Greater Than 10 Stockholder means an individual then owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or its parent or subsidiary corporation, as defined in Section 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively. 
 11.25 Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option as defined in Section 422 of the Code. 
 11.26 Non-Qualified Stock Option means an Option, or portion thereof, not intended or not qualifying as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 11.27 Option means an option to purchase Shares, which will either be an Incentive Stock option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 
 11.28 Other Stock or Cash Based Awards means cash awards, awards of Shares, and other awards valued wholly or partially by referring to, or are otherwise based on, Shares or other property awarded to a Participant under Article VII. 
 11.29 Overall Share Limit means the sum of (a) 14,592,452 Shares and (b) any Shares which, as of the Effective Date, are subject to Prior Plan Awards which, on or following the Effective Date, become available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Article IV (which aggregate number of Shares added to the Overall Share Limit shall not exceed 45,326,781 Shares). In addition, on the first day of each calendar year beginning on and including January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, the Overall Share Limit shall be increased by (i) a number of Shares such that the aggregate number of Shares available for grant under the Plan immediately following such increase shall equal 5 of the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year, or (ii) such smaller number of Shares as is determined by the Board. 
 11.30 Participant means a Service Provider who has been granted an Award. 
 11.31 Performance Criteria mean the criteria (and adjustments) that the Administrator may select for an Award to establish performance goals for a performance period, which may include the following net earnings or losses (either before or after one or more of interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and non-cash equity-based compensation expense) gross or net sales or revenue or sales or revenue growth net income (either before or after taxes) or adjusted net income profits (including but not limited to gross profits, net profits, profit growth, net operation profit or economic profit), profit return ratios or operating margin budget or operating earnings (either before or after taxes or before or after allocation of corporate overhead and bonus) cash flow (including operating cash flow and free cash flow or cash flow return on capital) return on assets return on capital or invested capital cost of capital return on stockholders equity total stockholder return return on sales costs, reductions in costs and cost 
 17 

control measures expenses working capital earnings or loss per share adjusted earnings or loss per share price per share or dividends per share (or appreciation in or maintenance of such price or dividends) regulatory achievements or compliance implementation, completion or attainment of objectives relating to research, development, regulatory, commercial, or strategic milestones or developments market share economic value or economic value added models division, group or corporate financial goals customer satisfaction growth customer service employee satisfaction recruitment and maintenance of personnel human capital management (including diversity and inclusion) supervision of litigation and other legal matters strategic partnerships and transactions financial ratios (including those measuring liquidity, activity, profitability or leverage) debt levels or reductions sales-related goals financing and other capital raising transactions cash on hand acquisition activity investment sourcing activity and marketing initiatives, any of which may be measured in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or decrease. Such performance goals also may be based solely by reference to the Company s performance or the performance of a Subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit of the Company or a Subsidiary, or based upon performance relative to performance of other companies or upon comparisons of any of the indicators of performance relative to performance of other companies. 
 11.32 Permitted Holder means each of the Stockholder Group, any member of the Stockholder Group or any of their respective affiliates. 
 11.33 Plan means this 2021 Equity Incentive Award Plan. 
 11.34 Prior Plan means the Figs, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. 
 11.35 Prior Plan Award means an award outstanding under the Prior Plan as of the Effective Date. 
 11.36 Public Trading Date means the first date upon which the Class A Common Stock is listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on any securities exchange or designated (or approved for designation) upon notice of issuance as a national market security on an interdealer quotation system. 
 11.37 Restricted Stock means Shares awarded to a Participant under Article VI subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. 
 11.38 Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded, unsecured right to receive, on the applicable settlement date, one Share or an amount in cash or other consideration determined by the Administrator to be of equal value as of such settlement date awarded to a Participant under Article VI subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. 
 11.39 Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 11.40 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and all regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority thereunder. 
 11.41 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 11.42 Service Provider means an Employee, Consultant or Director. 
 11.43 Shares means a share of Class A Common Stock. 
 18 

11.44 Stock Appreciation Right means a stock appreciation right granted under Article V. 
 11.45 Stockholder Group means the group (as such term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) consisting of Heather Hasson, Catherine Spear, Heather Hasson Revocable Trust U A D 12 18 2017, The Catherine Spear Revocable Trust U A D 12 18 2017, The Wingaersheek Irrevocable Trust I, U A D 10 15 2020, The Wingaersheek Irrevocable Trust II, U A D 10 15 2020, The Maple Tree Irrevocable Trust, U A D 10 16 2020 and Tulco, LLC, in each case together with their Permitted Transferees (as defined in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation). 
 11.46 Subsidiary means any entity (other than the Company), whether domestic or foreign, in an unbroken chain of entities beginning with the Company if each of the entities other than the last entity in the unbroken chain beneficially owns, at the time of the determination, securities or interests representing at least 50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of securities or interests in one of the other entities in such chain. 
 11.47 Substitute Awards shall mean Awards granted or Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, in each case by a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines. 
 11.48 Termination of Service means the date the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. 
 
 19 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.6>
 6
 figs-20221231xexx106.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 

FIGS, INC. 2021 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 
 ARTICLE I. PURPOSE 
 The purposes of this Figs, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as it may be amended or restated from time to time, the Plan are to assist Eligible Employees of Figs, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and its Designated Subsidiaries in acquiring a stock ownership interest in the Company pursuant to a plan which is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423(b) of the Code, and to help Eligible Employees provide for their future security and to encourage them to remain in the employment of the Company and its Designated Subsidiaries. 
 ARTICLE II. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 
 Wherever the following terms are used in the Plan they shall have the meanings specified below, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. The singular pronoun shall include the plural where the context so indicates. Masculine, feminine and neuter pronouns are used interchangeably and each comprehends the others. 
 2.1 Administrator shall mean the entity that conducts the general administration of the Plan as provided in Article XI. The term Administrator shall refer to the Committee unless the Board has assumed the authority for administration of the Plan as provided in Article XI. 
 2.2 Applicable Law shall mean the requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under U.S. federal and state securities, tax and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the applicable rules of any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws and rules of any foreign country or other jurisdiction where rights under this Plan are granted. 
 2.3 Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 2.4 Change in Control means and includes each of the following 
 (a) A transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Common Stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a transaction or series of transactions that meets the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (c) below) whereby any person or related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (other than the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any Permitted Holder, an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than 50 of the total combined voting power of the Company s securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition or 
 (b) During any period of two consecutive years, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board together with any new director(s) (other than a director designated by a 

person who shall have entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in subsections (a) or (c)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the two-year period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof or 
 (c) The consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction 
 (i) which results in the Company s voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the Company s assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor Entity )) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity s outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and 
 (ii) after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity provided , however , that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this clause (ii) as beneficially owning 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any portion of any right that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation, the transaction or event constituting the Change in Control with respect to such right (or portion thereof) must also constitute a change in control event (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)) to trigger the payment event for such right, to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code. The Administrator shall have full and final authority, which shall be exercised in its discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to the above definition, the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control and any incidental matters relating thereto provided that any exercise of authority in conjunction with a determination of whether a Change in Control is a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be consistent with such regulation. 
 2.5 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the regulations issued thereunder. 
 2.6 Class A Common Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value of 0.0001 per share. 
 2.7 Class B Common Stock means the Class B common stock of the Company, par value of 0.0001 per share. 
 2 

2.8 Common Stock shall mean the Class A Common Stock of the Company, and such other securities of the Company that may be substituted therefor pursuant to Article VIII. 
 2.9 Company shall mean Figs, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 2.10 Compensation of an Eligible Employee shall mean the gross cash compensation received by such Eligible Employee as compensation for services to the Company or any Designated Subsidiary, including prior week adjustment, overtime payments, commissions and periodic bonuses but excluding vacation pay, holiday pay, jury duty pay, funeral leave pay, military leave pay, one-time bonuses (e.g., retention or sign on bonuses), education or tuition reimbursements, travel expenses, business and moving reimbursements, income received in connection with any stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other compensatory equity awards, fringe benefits, other special payments and all contributions made by the Company or any Designated Subsidiary for the Employee s benefit under any employee benefit plan now or hereafter established. 
 2.11 Designated Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary designated by the Administrator in accordance with Section 11.3(b). 
 2.12 Effective Date shall mean the day prior to the Public Trading Date. 
 2.13 Eligible Employee shall mean an Employee who does not, immediately after any rights under this Plan are granted, own (directly or through attribution) stock possessing 5 or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of Common Stock (including Class B Common Stock) and other stock of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary (as determined under Section 423(b)(3) of the Code). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the rules of Section 424(d) of the Code with regard to the attribution of stock ownership shall apply in determining the stock ownership of an individual, and stock that an Employee may purchase under outstanding options shall be treated as stock owned by the Employee provided , however , that the Administrator may provide in an Offering Document that an Employee shall not be eligible to participate in an Offering Period if (a) such Employee is a highly compensated employee within the meaning of Section 423(b)(4)(D) of the Code, (b) such Employee has not met a service requirement designated by the Administrator pursuant to Section 423(b)(4)(A) of the Code (which service requirement may not exceed two years), (c) such Employee s customary employment is for 20 hours or less per week, (d) such Employee s customary employment is for less than five months in any calendar year and or (e) such Employee is a citizen or resident of a foreign jurisdiction and the grant of a right to purchase Common Stock under the Plan to such Employee would be prohibited under the laws of such foreign jurisdiction or the grant of a right to purchase Common Stock under the Plan to such Employee in compliance with the laws of such foreign jurisdiction would cause the Plan to violate the requirements of Section 423 of the Code, as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion provided , further , that any exclusion in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) shall be applied in an identical manner under each Offering Period to all Employees, in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.423-2(e). 
 2.14 Employee shall mean any officer or other employee (as defined in accordance with Section 3401(c) of the Code) of the Company or any Designated Subsidiary. Employee shall not include any director of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary who does not render services to the Company or a Designated Subsidiary as an employee within the meaning of Section 3401(c) of the Code. For purposes of the Plan, the employment relationship shall be treated as continuing intact while the individual is on sick leave or other leave of absence approved by the Company or Designated Subsidiary and meeting the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.421-1(h)(2). Where the period of leave 
 3 

exceeds three months and the individual s right to reemployment is not guaranteed either by statute or by contract, the employment relationship shall be deemed to have terminated on the first day immediately following such three-month period. 
 2.15 Enrollment Date shall mean the first Trading Day of each Offering Period, unless otherwise specified in the Offering Document. 
 2.16 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 
 2.17 Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of a share of Common Stock determined as follows (a) if the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such Common Stock as quoted on such exchange for such date, or if no sale occurred on such date, the last day preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable (b) if the Common Stock is not traded on a stock exchange but is quoted on a national market or other quotation system, the closing sales price on such date, or if no sales occurred on such date, then on the last date preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable or (c) without an established market for the Common Stock, the Administrator will determine the Fair Market Value in its discretion. 
 2.18 Offering Document shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.1. 
 2.19 Offering Period shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.1. 
 2.20 Parent shall mean any corporation, other than the Company, in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company if, at the time of the determination, each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 2.21 Participant shall mean any Eligible Employee who has executed a subscription agreement and been granted rights to purchase Common Stock pursuant to the Plan. 
 2.22 Permitted Holder means each of the Stockholder Group, any member of the Stockholder Group or any of their respective affiliates. 
 2.23 Plan shall mean this Figs, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 2.24 Public Trading Date means the first date upon which the Class A Common Stock is listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on any securities exchange or designated (or approved for designation) upon notice of issuance as a national market security on an interdealer quotation system. 
 2.25 Purchase Date shall mean the last Trading Day of each Purchase Period. 
 2.26 Purchase Period shall refer to one or more periods within an Offering Period, as designated in the applicable Offering Document provided , however , that, in the event no Purchase Period is designated by the Administrator in the applicable Offering Document, the Purchase Period for each Offering Period covered by such Offering Document shall be the same as the applicable Offering Period. 
 4 

2.27 Purchase Price shall mean the purchase price designated by the Administrator in the applicable Offering Document (which purchase price shall not be less than 85 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Enrollment Date or on the Purchase Date, whichever is lower) provided , however , that, in the event no purchase price is designated by the Administrator in the applicable Offering Document, the purchase price for the Offering Periods covered by such Offering Document shall be 85 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Enrollment Date or on the Purchase Date, whichever is lower provided , further , that the Purchase Price may be adjusted by the Administrator pursuant to Article VIII and shall not be less than the par value of a Share. 
 2.28 Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 2.29 Share shall mean a share of Class A Common Stock. 
 2.30 Stockholder Group shall mean the group (as such term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) consisting of Heather Hasson, Catherine Spear, Heather Hasson Revocable Trust U A D 12 18 2017, The Catherine Spear Revocable Trust U A D 12 18 2017, The Wingaersheek Irrevocable Trust I, U A D 10 15 2020, The Wingaersheek Irrevocable Trust II, U A D 10 15 2020, The Maple Tree Irrevocable Trust, U A D 10 16 2020 and Tulco, LLC, in each case together with their Permitted Transferees (as defined in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation). 
 2.31 Subsidiary shall mean any corporation, other than the Company, in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if, at the time of the determination, each of the corporations other than the last corporation in an unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain provided , however, that a limited liability company or partnership may be treated as a Subsidiary to the extent either (a) such entity is treated as a disregarded entity under Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(a) by reason of the Company or any other Subsidiary that is a corporation being the sole owner of such entity, or (b) such entity elects to be classified as a corporation under Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(a) and such entity would otherwise qualify as a Subsidiary. 
 2.32 Trading Day shall mean a day on which national stock exchanges in the United States are open for trading. 
 ARTICLE III. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 
 3.1 Number of Shares . Subject to Article VIII, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to rights granted under the Plan shall be 1,605,647 Shares. In addition to the foregoing, subject to Article VIII, on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on and including January 1, 2031, the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan shall be increased by that number of Shares equal to the lesser of (a) 1 of the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) such smaller number of Shares as determined by the Board. If any right granted under the Plan shall for any reason terminate without having been exercised, the Common Stock not purchased under such right shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 3.1 to the contrary, the number of Shares that may be issued or transferred pursuant to the rights granted under the Plan shall not exceed an aggregate of 50,000,000 Shares, subject to Article VIII. 
 5 

3.2 Stock Distributed . Any Common Stock distributed pursuant to the Plan may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Common Stock, treasury stock or Common Stock purchased on the open market. 
 Article 1. OFFERING PERIODS OFFERING DOCUMENTS PURCHASE DATES 
 4.1 Offering Periods . The Administrator may from time to time grant or provide for the grant of rights to purchase Common Stock under the Plan to Eligible Employees during one or more periods (each, an Offering Period selected by the Administrator. The terms and conditions applicable to each Offering Period shall be set forth in an Offering Document adopted by the Administrator, which Offering Document shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall deem appropriate. The Administrator shall establish in each Offering Document one or more Purchase Periods during such Offering Period during which rights granted under the Plan shall be exercised and purchases of Shares carried out during such Offering Period in accordance with such Offering Document and the Plan. The provisions of separate Offering Periods under the Plan need not be identical. 
 4.2 Offering Documents . Each Offering Document with respect to an Offering Period shall specify (through incorporation of the provisions of this Plan by reference or otherwise) 
 (a) the length of the Offering Period, which period shall not exceed 27 months 
 (b) the length of the Purchase Period(s) within the Offering Period 
 (c) in connection with each Offering Period that contains only one Purchase Period the maximum number of Shares that may be purchased by any Eligible Employee during such Offering Period, which, in the absence of a contrary designation by the Administrator, shall be 10,000 Shares 
 (d) in connection with each Offering Period that contains more than one Purchase Period, the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be purchased by any Eligible Employee during each Purchase Period, which, in the absence of a contrary designation by the Administrator, shall be 10,000 Shares and 
 (e) such other provisions as the Administrator determines are appropriate, subject to the Plan. 
 ARTICLE V. ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 5.1 Eligibility . Any Eligible Employee who shall be employed by the Company or a Designated Subsidiary on a given Enrollment Date for an Offering Period shall be eligible to participate in the Plan during such Offering Period, subject to the requirements of this Article V and the limitations imposed by Section 423(b) of the Code. 
 5.2 Enrollment in Plan . 
 (a) Except as otherwise set forth herein or in an Offering Document or determined by the Administrator, an Eligible Employee may become a Participant in the Plan for an Offering Period by delivering a subscription agreement to the Company by such time prior to the Enrollment Date for such 
 6 

Offering Period (or such other date specified in the Offering Document) designated by the Administrator and in such form as the Company provides. 
 (b) Each subscription agreement shall designate a whole percentage of such Eligible Employee s Compensation to be withheld by the Company or the Designated Subsidiary employing such Eligible Employee on each payday during the Offering Period as payroll deductions under the Plan. The designated percentage may not be less than 1 and may not be more than the maximum percentage specified by the Administrator in the applicable Offering Document (which percentage shall be 20 in the absence of any such designation). The payroll deductions made for each Participant shall be credited to an account for such Participant under the Plan and shall be deposited with the general funds of the Company. 
 (c) A Participant may decrease the percentage of Compensation designated in his or her subscription agreement, subject to the limits of this Section 5.2, or may suspend his or her payroll deductions, at any time during an Offering Period provided , however , that the Administrator may limit the number of changes a Participant may make to his or her payroll deduction elections during each Offering Period in the applicable Offering Document (and in the absence of any specific designation by the Administrator, a Participant shall be allowed two decreases and one suspension (but no increases) to his or her payroll deduction elections during each Offering Period with respect to such Offering Period). Any such change or suspension of payroll deductions shall be effective with the first full payroll period following ten business days after the Company s receipt of the new subscription agreement (or such shorter or longer period as may be specified by the Administrator in the applicable Offering Document). In the event a Participant suspends his or her payroll deductions, such Participant s cumulative payroll deductions prior to the suspension shall remain in his or her account and shall be applied to the purchase of Shares on the next occurring Purchase Date and shall not be paid to such Participant unless he or she withdraws from participation in the Plan pursuant to Article VII. 
 (d) Except as otherwise set forth in Section 5.8 or in an Offering Document or determined by the Administrator, a Participant may participate in the Plan only by means of payroll deduction and may not make contributions by lump sum payment for any Offering Period. 
 5.3 Payroll Deductions . Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Offering Document or Section 5.8, payroll deductions for a Participant shall commence on the first payroll following the Enrollment Date and shall end on the last payroll in the Offering Period to which the Participant s authorization is applicable, unless sooner terminated by the Participant as provided in Article VII or suspended by the Participant or the Administrator as provided in Section 5.2 and Section 5.6, respectively. 
 5.4 Effect of Enrollment . A Participant s completion of a subscription agreement will enroll such Participant in the Plan for each subsequent Offering Period on the terms contained therein until the Participant either submits a new subscription agreement, withdraws from participation under the Plan as provided in Article VII or otherwise becomes ineligible to participate in the Plan. 
 5.5 Limitation on Purchase of Common Stock . An Eligible Employee may be granted rights under the Plan only if such rights, together with any other rights granted to such Eligible Employee under employee stock purchase plans of the Company, any Parent or any Subsidiary, as specified by Section 423(b)(8) of the Code, do not permit such employee s rights to purchase stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary to accrue at a rate that exceeds 25,000 of the fair market value of such stock (determined as of the first day of the Offering Period during which such rights are granted) for each 
 7 

calendar year in which such rights are outstanding at any time. This limitation shall be applied in accordance with Section 423(b)(8) of the Code. 
 5.6 Suspension of Payroll Deductions . Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 423(b)(8) of the Code and Section 5.5 or the other limitations set forth in this Plan, a Participant s payroll deductions may be suspended by the Administrator at any time during an Offering Period. The balance of the amount credited to the account of each Participant that has not been applied to the purchase of Shares by reason of Section 423(b)(8) of the Code, Section 5.5 or the other limitations set forth in this Plan shall be paid to such Participant in one lump sum in cash as soon as reasonably practicable after the Purchase Date. 
 5.7 Foreign Employees . In order to facilitate participation in the Plan, the Administrator may provide for such special terms applicable to Participants who are citizens or residents of a foreign jurisdiction, or who are employed by a Designated Subsidiary outside of the United States, as the Administrator may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate differences in local law, tax policy or custom. Such special terms may not be more favorable than the terms of rights granted under the Plan to Eligible Employees who are residents of the United States. Moreover, the Administrator may approve such supplements to, or amendments, restatements or alternative versions of, this Plan as it may consider necessary or appropriate for such purposes without thereby affecting the terms of this Plan as in effect for any other purpose. No such special terms, supplements, amendments or restatements shall include any provisions that are inconsistent with the terms of this Plan as then in effect unless this Plan could have been amended to eliminate such inconsistency without further approval by the stockholders of the Company. 
 5.8 Leave of Absence . During leaves of absence approved by the Company meeting the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.421-1(h)(2) under the Code, a Participant may continue participation in the Plan by making cash payments to the Company on his or her normal payday equal to his or her authorized payroll deduction. 
 ARTICLE VI. GRANT AND EXERCISE OF RIGHTS 
 6.1 Grant of Rights . On the Enrollment Date of each Offering Period, each Eligible Employee participating in such Offering Period shall be granted a right to purchase the maximum number of Shares specified under Section 4.2, subject to the limits in Section 5.5, and shall have the right to buy, on each Purchase Date during such Offering Period (at the applicable Purchase Price), such number of whole Shares as is determined by dividing (a) such Participant s payroll deductions accumulated prior to such Purchase Date and retained in the Participant s account as of the Purchase Date, by (b) the applicable Purchase Price (rounded down to the nearest Share). The right shall expire on the earlier of (x) the last Purchase Date of such Offering Period, (y) last day of such Offering Period and (z) the date on which such Participant withdraws in accordance with Section 7.1 or Section 7.3. 
 6.2 Exercise of Rights . On each Purchase Date, each Participant s accumulated payroll deductions and any other additional payments specifically provided for in the applicable Offering Document will be applied to the purchase of whole Shares, up to the maximum number of Shares permitted pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the applicable Offering Document, at the Purchase Price. No fractional Shares shall be issued upon the exercise of rights granted under the Plan, unless the Offering Document specifically provides otherwise. Any cash in lieu of fractional Shares remaining after the purchase of whole Shares upon exercise of a purchase right will be carried forward and applied 
 8 

toward the purchase of whole Shares for the following Offering Period. Shares issued pursuant to the Plan may be evidenced in such manner as the Administrator may determine and may be issued in certificated form or issued pursuant to book-entry procedures. 
 6.3 Pro Rata Allocation of Shares . If the Administrator determines that, on a given Purchase Date, the number of Shares with respect to which rights are to be exercised may exceed (a) the number of Shares that were available for issuance under the Plan on the Enrollment Date of the applicable Offering Period, or (b) the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan on such Purchase Date, the Administrator may in its sole discretion provide that the Company shall make a pro rata allocation of the Shares available for purchase on such Enrollment Date or Purchase Date, as applicable, in as uniform a manner as shall be practicable and as it shall determine in its sole discretion to be equitable among all Participants for whom rights to purchase Shares are to be exercised pursuant to this Article VI on such Purchase Date, and shall either (i) continue all Offering Periods then in effect, or (ii) terminate any or all Offering Periods then in effect pursuant to Article IX. The Company may make pro rata allocation of the Shares available on the Enrollment Date of any applicable Offering Period pursuant to the preceding sentence, notwithstanding any authorization of additional Shares for issuance under the Plan by the Company s stockholders subsequent to such Enrollment Date. The balance of the amount credited to the account of each Participant that has not been applied to the purchase of Shares shall be paid to such Participant, without interest, in one lump sum in cash as soon as reasonably practicable after the Purchase Date. 
 6.4 Withholding . At the time a Participant s rights under the Plan are exercised, in whole or in part, or at the time some or all of the Shares issued under the Plan is disposed of, the Participant must make adequate provision for the Company s federal, state, or other tax withholding obligations, if any, that arise upon the exercise of the right or the disposition of the Shares. At any time, the Company may, but shall not be obligated to, withhold from the Participant s compensation the amount necessary for the Company to meet applicable withholding obligations, including any withholding required to make available to the Company any tax deductions or benefits attributable to sale or early disposition of Shares by the Participant. 
 6.5 Conditions to Issuance of Common Stock . The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificate or certificates for, or make any book entries evidencing, Shares purchased upon the exercise of rights under the Plan prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions 
 (a) The admission of such Shares to listing on all stock exchanges, if any, on which the Common Stock is then listed 
 (b) The completion of any registration or other qualification of such Shares under any state or federal law or under the rulings or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body, that the Administrator shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable 
 (c) The obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any state or federal governmental agency that the Administrator shall, in its absolute discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable 
 (d) The payment to the Company of all amounts that it is required to withhold under federal, state or local law upon exercise of the rights, if any and 
 (e) The lapse of such reasonable period of time following the exercise of the rights as the Administrator may from time to time establish for reasons of administrative convenience. 
 9 

ARTICLE VII. WITHDRAWAL CESSATION OF ELIGIBILITY 
 7.1 Withdrawal . A Participant may withdraw all but not less than all of the payroll deductions credited to his or her account and not yet used to exercise his or her rights under the Plan at any time by giving written notice to the Company in a form acceptable to the Company no later than two weeks prior to the end of the Offering Period or, if earlier, the end of the Purchase Period (or such shorter or longer period as may be specified by the Administrator in the Offering Document). All of the Participant s payroll deductions credited to his or her account during the Offering Period not yet used to exercise his or her rights under the Plan shall be paid to such Participant as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of notice of withdrawal and such Participant s rights for the Offering Period shall be automatically terminated, and no further payroll deductions for the purchase of Shares shall be made for such Offering Period. If a Participant withdraws from an Offering Period, payroll deductions shall not resume at the beginning of the next Offering Period unless the Participant is an Eligible Employee and timely delivers to the Company a new subscription agreement. 
 7.2 Future Participation . A Participant s withdrawal from an Offering Period shall not have any effect upon his or her eligibility to participate in any similar plan that may hereafter be adopted by the Company or a Designated Subsidiary or in subsequent Offering Periods that commence after the termination of the Offering Period from which the Participant withdraws. 
 7.3 Cessation of Eligibility . Upon a Participant s ceasing to be an Eligible Employee for any reason, he or she shall be deemed to have elected to withdraw from the Plan pursuant to this Article VII and the payroll deductions credited to such Participant s account during the Offering Period shall be paid to such Participant or, in the case of his or her death, to the person or persons entitled thereto under Section 12.4, as soon as reasonably practicable, and such Participant s rights for the Offering Period shall be automatically terminated. 
 ARTICLE VIII. ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN STOCK 
 8.1 Changes in Capitalization . Subject to Section 8.3, in the event that the Administrator determines that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property), Change in Control, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, combination, repurchase, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or sale or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event, as determined by the Administrator, affects the Common Stock such that an adjustment is determined by the Administrator to be appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended by the Company to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any outstanding purchase rights under the Plan, the Administrator shall make equitable adjustments, if any, to reflect such change with respect to (a) the aggregate number and type of Shares (or other securities or property) that may be issued under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Section 3.1 and the limitations established in each Offering Document pursuant to Section 4.2 on the maximum number of Shares that may be purchased) (b) the class(es) and number of Shares and price per Share subject to outstanding rights and (c) the Purchase Price with respect to any outstanding rights. 
 10 

8.2 Other Adjustments . Subject to Section 8.3, in the event of any transaction or event described in Section 8.1 or any unusual or nonrecurring transactions or events affecting the Company, any affiliate of the Company, or the financial statements of the Company or any affiliate (including without limitation any Change in Control), or of changes in Applicable Law or accounting principles, the Administrator, in its discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is appropriate in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any right under the Plan, to facilitate such transactions or events or to give effect to such changes in laws, regulations or principles 
 (a) To provide for either (i) termination of any outstanding right in exchange for an amount of cash, if any, equal to the amount that would have been obtained upon the exercise of such right had such right been currently exercisable or (ii) the replacement of such outstanding right with other rights or property selected by the Administrator in its sole discretion 
 (b) To provide that the outstanding rights under the Plan shall be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted for by similar rights covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices 
 (c) To make adjustments in the number and type of Shares (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding rights under the Plan and or in the terms and conditions of outstanding rights and rights that may be granted in the future 
 (d) To provide that Participants accumulated payroll deductions may be used to purchase Common Stock prior to the next occurring Purchase Date on such date as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion and the Participants rights under the ongoing Offering Period(s) shall be terminated and 
 (e) To provide that all outstanding rights shall terminate without being exercised. 
 8.3 No Adjustment Under Certain Circumstances . No adjustment or action described in this Article VIII or in any other provision of the Plan shall be authorized to the extent that such adjustment or action would cause the Plan to fail to satisfy the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. 
 8.4 No Other Rights . Except as expressly provided in the Plan, no Participant shall have any rights by reason of any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any dividend, any increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class or any dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the Company or any other corporation. Except as expressly provided in the Plan or pursuant to action of the Administrator under the Plan, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number of Shares subject to outstanding rights under the Plan or the Purchase Price with respect to any outstanding rights. 
 ARTICLE IX. AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION 
 9.1 Amendment, Modification and Termination . The Administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time and from time to time provided , however , that approval of the Company s stockholders shall be required to amend the Plan to (a) increase the aggregate number, or change the 
 11 

type, of shares that may be sold pursuant to rights under the Plan under Section 3.1 (other than an adjustment as provided by Article VIII) (b) change the Plan in any manner that would be considered the adoption of a new plan within the meaning of Treasury regulation Section 1.423-2(c)(4) or (c) change the Plan in any manner that would cause the Plan to no longer be an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423(b) of the Code. 
 9.2 Certain Changes to Plan . Without stockholder consent and without regard to whether any Participant rights may be considered to have been adversely affected, to the extent permitted by Section 423 of the Code, the Administrator shall be entitled to change or terminate the Offering Periods, limit the frequency and or number of changes in the amount withheld from Compensation during an Offering Period, establish the exchange ratio applicable to amounts withheld in a currency other than U.S. dollars, permit payroll withholding in excess of the amount designated by a Participant in order to adjust for delays or mistakes in the Company s processing of payroll withholding elections, establish reasonable waiting and adjustment periods and or accounting and crediting procedures to ensure that amounts applied toward the purchase of Common Stock for each Participant properly correspond with amounts withheld from the Participant s Compensation, and establish such other limitations or procedures as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion to be advisable that are consistent with the Plan. 
 9.3 Actions In the Event of Unfavorable Financial Accounting Consequences . In the event the Administrator determines that the ongoing operation of the Plan may result in unfavorable financial accounting consequences, the Administrator may, in its discretion and, to the extent necessary or desirable, modify or amend the Plan to reduce or eliminate such accounting consequence including, but not limited to 
 (a) altering the Purchase Price for any Offering Period, including an Offering Period underway at the time of the change in Purchase Price 
 (b) shortening any Offering Period so that the Offering Period ends on a new Purchase Date, including an Offering Period underway at the time of the Administrator action and 
 (c) allocating Shares. 
 Such modifications or amendments shall not require stockholder approval or the consent of any Participant. 
 9.4 Payments Upon Termination of Plan . Upon termination of the Plan, the balance in each Participant s Plan account shall be refunded as soon as practicable after such termination, without any interest thereon. 
 ARTICLE X. TERM OF PLAN 
 The Plan shall be effective on the Effective Date. The effectiveness of the Plan shall be subject to approval of the Plan by the stockholders of the Company within 12 months following the date the Plan is first approved by the Board. No right may be granted under the Plan prior to such stockholder approval. No rights may be granted under the Plan during any period of suspension of the Plan or after termination of the Plan. 
 12 

ARTICLE XI. ADMINISTRATION 
 11.1 Administrator . Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Administrator of the Plan shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board (or another committee or a subcommittee of the Board to which the Board delegates administration of the Plan) (such committee, the Committee ). The Board may at any time vest in the Board any authority or duties for administration of the Plan. 
 11.2 Action by the Administrator . Unless otherwise established by the Board or in any charter of the Administrator, a majority of the Administrator shall constitute a quorum. The acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is present and, subject to Applicable Law and the Bylaws of the Company, acts approved in writing by a majority of the Administrator in lieu of a meeting, shall be deemed the acts of the Administrator. Each member of the Administrator is entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to that member by any officer or other employee of the Company or any Designated Subsidiary, the Company s independent certified public accountants, or any executive compensation consultant or other professional retained by the Company to assist in the administration of the Plan. 
 11.3 Authority of Administrator . The Administrator shall have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan 
 (a) To determine when and how rights to purchase Common Stock shall be granted and the provisions of each offering of such rights (which need not be identical). 
 (b) To designate from time to time which Subsidiaries of the Company shall be Designated Subsidiaries, which designation may be made without the approval of the stockholders of the Company. 
 (c) To construe and interpret the Plan and rights granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration. The Administrator, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan, in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan fully effective. 
 (d) To amend, suspend or terminate the Plan as provided in Article IX. 
 (e) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Administrator deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and its Subsidiaries and to carry out the intent that the Plan be treated as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Code. 
 11.4 Decisions Binding . The Administrator s interpretation of the Plan, any rights granted pursuant to the Plan, any subscription agreement and all decisions and determinations by the Administrator with respect to the Plan are final, binding, and conclusive on all parties. 
 ARTICLE XII. MISCELLANEOUS 
 12.1 Restriction upon Assignment . A right granted under the Plan shall not be transferable other than by will or the Applicable Laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant. Except as provided in Section 12.4 hereof, a right under the Plan may not be exercised to any extent except by the Participant. The Company shall not recognize and 
 13 

shall be under no duty to recognize any assignment or alienation of the Participant s interest in the Plan, the Participant s rights under the Plan or any rights thereunder. 
 12.2 Rights as a Stockholder . With respect to Shares subject to a right granted under the Plan, a Participant shall not be deemed to be a stockholder of the Company, and the Participant shall not have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder, until such Shares have been issued to the Participant or his or her nominee following exercise of the Participant s rights under the Plan. No adjustments shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash securities, or other property) or distribution or other rights for which the record date occurs prior to the date of such issuance, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or as determined by the Administrator. 
 12.3 Interest . No interest shall accrue on the payroll deductions or contributions of a Participant under the Plan. 
 12.4 Designation of Beneficiary . 
 (a) A Participant may, in the manner determined by the Administrator, file a written designation of a beneficiary who is to receive any Shares and or cash, if any, from the Participant s account under the Plan in the event of such Participant s death subsequent to a Purchase Date on which the Participant s rights are exercised but prior to delivery to such Participant of such Shares and cash. In addition, a Participant may file a written designation of a beneficiary who is to receive any cash from the Participant s account under the Plan in the event of such Participant s death prior to exercise of the Participant s rights under the Plan. If the Participant is married and resides in a community property state, a designation of a person other than the Participant s spouse as his or her beneficiary shall not be effective without the prior written consent of the Participant s spouse. 
 (b) Such designation of beneficiary may be changed by the Participant at any time by written notice to the Company. In the event of the death of a Participant and in the absence of a beneficiary validly designated under the Plan who is living at the time of such Participant s death, the Company shall deliver such Shares and or cash to the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant, or if no such executor or administrator has been appointed (to the knowledge of the Company), the Company, in its discretion, may deliver such Shares and or cash to the spouse or to any one or more dependents or relatives of the Participant, or if no spouse, dependent or relative is known to the Company, then to such other person as the Company may designate. 
 12.5 Notices . All notices or other communications by a Participant to the Company under or in connection with the Plan shall be deemed to have been duly given when received in the form specified by the Company at the location, or by the person, designated by the Company for the receipt thereof. 
 12.6 Equal Rights and Privileges . Subject to Section 5.7, all Eligible Employees will have equal rights and privileges under this Plan so that this Plan qualifies as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Code. Subject to Section 5.7, any provision of this Plan that is inconsistent with Section 423 of the Code will, without further act or amendment by the Company, the Board or the Administrator, be reformed to comply with the equal rights and privileges requirement of Section 423 of the Code. 
 12.7 Use of Funds . All payroll deductions received or held by the Company under the Plan may be used by the Company for any corporate purpose, and the Company shall not be obligated to segregate such payroll deductions. 
 14 

12.8 Reports . Statements of account shall be given to Participants at least annually, which statements shall set forth the amounts of payroll deductions, the Purchase Price, the number of Shares purchased and the remaining cash balance, if any. 
 12.9 No Employment Rights . Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to give any person (including any Eligible Employee or Participant) the right to employment or service with (or to remain in the employ of) the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary thereof or affect the right of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary thereof to terminate the employment of any person (including any Eligible Employee or Participant) at any time, with or without cause. 
 12.10 Notice of Disposition of Shares . Each Participant shall give prompt notice to the Company of any disposition or other transfer of any Shares purchased upon exercise of a right under the Plan if such disposition or transfer is made (a) within two years from the Enrollment Date of the Offering Period in which the Shares were purchased or (b) within one year after the Purchase Date on which such Shares were purchased. Such notice shall specify the date of such disposition or other transfer and the amount realized, in cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, by the Participant in such disposition or other transfer. 
 12.11 Governing Law . The Plan and any agreements hereunder shall be administered, interpreted and enforced under the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of laws thereof or of any other jurisdiction. 
 12.12 Electronic Forms . To the extent permitted by Applicable Law and in the discretion of the Administrator, an Eligible Employee may submit any form or notice as set forth herein by means of an electronic form approved by the Administrator. Before the commencement of an Offering Period, the Administrator shall prescribe the time limits within which any such electronic form shall be submitted to the Administrator with respect to such Offering Period in order to be a valid election. 
 15 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.8>
 7
 figs-20221231xexx108.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement is entered into as of May 26, 2021, by and between FIGS, Inc. (the Company ), and Catherine Spear Executive ). The Company and Executive are referred to herein as the parties . 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Executive previously entered into that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2017 and amended as of September 16, 2020 (the Prior Agreement ), pursuant to which Executive has been employed by the Company as its Co-Chief Executive Officer and 
 WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement in its entirety on the terms and conditions set forth herein, effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and obligations set forth below and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by the parties, the Company and Executive agree and intend to be legally bound, as follows 
 AGREEMENT 
 1. POSITION AND DUTIES . The Company agrees to continue to employ Executive during the Term as the Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company. As Co-Chief Executive Officer, Executive will report to the Company s Board of Directors (the Board and will have all of the duties, responsibilities and authority commensurate with the position. 
 2. OBLIGATIONS TO THE COMPANY . Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, (a) engage or participate in any outside activity that would, or would reasonably be expected to, conflict with the best interests of the Company or Executive s duties to the Company, or (b) provide services to or invest in any corporation or other entity that competes or intends to compete with the business of the Company. Nothing herein shall prohibit Executive from participating in any outside activity, provided that, (i) such activity shall be reasonably limited by Executive so as not to interfere with the performance of her duties and responsibilities hereunder and (ii) such activity is approved by the Board. 
 3. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS . 
 (a) Base Salary . During the Term, the Company shall pay Executive an annualized base salary in the amount of 1,000,000 (the Base Salary ), paid in approximately equal installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices. 
 1 

(b) Bonus . Executive will also be eligible to earn an annual discretionary bonus (the Annual Bonus targeted at an amount equal to 100 of Executive s Base Salary, which may be earned in an amount up to a maximum of 200 of Executive s Base Salary (if maximum performance goals are achieved). For clarity, Executive s Annual Bonus target for calendar year 2021 shall be based solely on Executive s Base Salary as of the Effective Date (i.e., 1,000,000). The amount of the Annual Bonus will be determined in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board Compensation Committee and based, in part, on Executive s performance and the performance of the Company during the calendar year, as well as any other criteria the Compensation Committee deems relevant. The Company will pay Executive the Annual Bonus, if any, no later than March 15th of the calendar year following the year in which the Annual Bonus is earned. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4(d), the Annual Bonus is not earned until paid and no pro-rated amount will be paid if Executive s employment terminates for any reason prior to the payment date. 
 (c) Benefits . During the Term, while Executive is employed by the Company, Executive (and her spouse and dependents, as applicable) shall, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan documents and all applicable laws, be entitled to participate in the health, welfare, retirement, vacation and other employee benefit plans, practices, policies and programs generally available to other senior executives of the Company, as may be in effect from time to time (the Benefit Plans ), subject in each case to the generally applicable terms and conditions of the Benefit Plan in question and to the determinations of any person or committee administering such Benefit Plan. To the extent that Executive is required to make filing(s) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act with respect to the acquisition of Company securities, the Company will pay the filing and legal fees associated with such filings. 
 (d) Expenses . During the Term, Executive shall be eligible for prompt reimbursement for business expenses reasonably and actually incurred and properly documented by Executive in accordance with the policies of the Company as may be in effect from time to time. 
 (e) Equity Awards . 
 (i) The parties agree and acknowledge that the Company previously granted to Executive the following equity awards that remain outstanding as of the Effective Date stock option granted February 22, 2018 stock option granted June 27, 2018, restricted stock units granted June 26, 2020, and stock option granted September 16, 2020 (the Existing Equity Awards ). 
 (ii) The Company shall grant, subject to Executive s continued employment through the applicable grant date, to Executive equity-based compensation awards pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Of such awards, 75 shall be granted in the form of a stock option (the Option and the remaining 25 shall be granted in the form of a restricted stock unit award (the RSU Award and, together with the Existing Equity Awards, the Option, and any future equity awards granted to Executive, the Awards ). 
 (iii) The Option shall be a nonqualified stock option, shall have an exercise price per share equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the applicable grant date, and shall have a maximum term of ten years from the applicable grant date. The number of shares of Company common stock subject to the Option shall be determined by dividing 7,500,000 by the per share Black-Scholes valuation as of the grant date, utilizing the same assumptions that the Company uses in the preparation of its financial statements. The grant date of the Option shall be the date on which the determination of the price per share of the Company s Class A common stock in connection with the initial public offering (the IPO of the Company s Class A common stock occurs (the IPO Price and, such 
 2 

date, the Pricing Date , which shall also be the Effective Date of this Agreement). Subject to Executive s continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date, the Option shall vest and become exercisable over a four-year period as follows one-forty-eighth (1 48 th of the shares of the Company s common stock underlying the Option shall vest and become exercisable on each monthly anniversary of the Effective Date. 
 (iv) The number of shares of Company common stock subject to the RSU Award shall be determined by dividing 2,500,000 by the IPO Price. The RSU Award shall be granted on the date on which the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 registering the shares subject to the RSU Award becomes effective. Subject to Executive s continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date, the RSU Award shall vest over a four-year period as follows one-sixteenth (1 16 th of the RSU Award shall vest on each quarterly anniversary of the Effective Date, so that the RSU Award shall be vested in full as of the fourth (4 th anniversary of the Effective Date. 
 (v) The terms and conditions of the Option and RSU Award shall be set forth in a stock option award agreement and restricted stock unit award agreement, respectively, in forms prescribed by the Company, to be entered into by Executive and the Company (the Award Agreements ). Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, each Award shall be governed in all respects by the terms of and conditions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement. 
 (vi) Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon a Change in Control, Executive will be entitled to 100 vesting acceleration of all then-unvested shares subject to the Existing Equity Awards. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other agreement, for purposes of this Section 3(e)(vi), Change in Control for any Existing Equity Award shall have the meaning set forth in the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 4. TERM EFFECT OF TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT . 
 (a) The parties acknowledge that Executive has been an employee of the Company prior to the date of this Agreement and that Executive s at-will employment under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date. In the event that the Effective Date does not occur, this Agreement shall have no force or effect, and the Prior Agreement shall remain in effect, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary. The Term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until the fifth (5 th anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 4 (the Term ). Following the natural expiration of the Term, Executive shall continue as an at-will employee of the Company. Executive s post-termination obligations pursuant to Sections 5-8 and 10(d) of this Agreement Continuing Obligations shall survive the expiration termination of this Agreement and or Executive s employment, however caused. The Company s obligations under Section 7 shall survive the expiration termination of this Agreement and or Executive s employment, however caused. 
 (b) If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Executive without Good Reason, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any compensation, salary, severance, bonus or other similar payments, except for payments of Base Salary and other earned compensation and benefits, in each case through the date of termination, and the Company shall have no further obligation to Executive or liability under this Agreement by way of compensation or otherwise. 
 (c) If Executive s employment is terminated due to her death or Disability, she will receive 100 vesting acceleration of all then-unvested shares subject to the Awards. 
 3 

(d) If, during the Term, Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason other than during a Change in Control Period (as defined below), then Executive shall be entitled to, in addition to payments of Base Salary and other benefits accrued, in each case through the date of termination 
 (i) continued payment of Base Salary for twenty-four (24) months in accordance with the Company s standard payroll procedures, which payments will commence no later than the first regular payroll date occurring after the sixtieth (60 th day following the date of termination (the Severance Payments and, once they commence, will include any unpaid amounts accrued from the date of termination provided, that if the sixty (60)-day period described in the preceding sentence spans two calendar years, then the payments will in any event begin in the second calendar year. For purposes of Section 4, if Executive is entitled to Severance Payments due to a termination for Good Reason resulting from a material reduction of her Base Salary, the Severance Payments will be calculated based on the pre-reduction Base Salary 
 (ii) 100 vesting acceleration of all then-unvested shares subject to the Awards (the Termination Vesting Acceleration and 
 (iii) regardless of whether she elects continuation coverage, a lump-sum cash payment in an amount equal to 200 of the cost of eighteen (18) months of COBRA medical continuation premiums (based on Executive s elections in effect as of immediately prior to such termination), paid in a lump-sum within thirty (30) days following the date of termination (the Additional Payment ). 
 (e) If, during the Term, Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason during the time period commencing three (3) months before the effective date of a Change in Control and ending on the date that is twelve (12) months after the effective date of a Change in Control (the Change in Control Period ), then Executive shall be entitled to, in addition to payments of Base Salary and other benefits accrued, in each case through the date of termination 
 (i) the same payments and benefits set forth in Section 4(d) 
 (ii) an amount equal to Executive s Annual Bonus target for the year in which the termination occurs, pro-rated based on the number of days during which Executive provided services to the Company during such year (the Pro-Rated Bonus ), payable within 30 days following the date of termination and 
 (iii) An amount equal to 200 of Executive s Annual Bonus target for the year in which the termination occurs, payable within 30 days following the date of termination. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Change in Control Period, and the Company s obligation to provide the payments and benefits set forth in this Section 4(d), shall extend for a period of twelve (12) calendar months beginning on the date of the Change in Control, and shall continue irrespective of whether the Term naturally terminates during the Change in Control Period. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4, Executive will be entitled to the benefits outlined in Sections 4(d)(i)-(iii) and Sections 4(e)(i)-(iii) (as applicable) in the event she is terminated by the Company without Cause or terminates her employment for Good Reason, in each case only if she executes, delivers and does not revoke a general waiver and release of all claims against the Company and any parent, subsidiary and 
 4 

affiliate thereof in a form substantially similar to Exhibit A hereto (the Release and such Release shall have become effective by its terms prior to the sixtieth (60 th day following the termination date, and with respect to any continuing payments has not been found to be in breach of her Continuing Obligations as of the date of a payment. 
 5. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND OTHER COMPANY POLICIES . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that she remains bound by and in compliance with the terms and conditions of that Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement entered into by and between Executive and the Company on January 28, 2013. Executive agrees to be bound by and comply fully with any other policies and programs adopted by the Company regulating the behavior of its employees, as such policies and programs may be amended from time to time to the extent the same are not inconsistent with this Agreement. 
 (b) In addition, in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, the Company notifies Executive that federal law provides certain protections to individuals who disclose a trade secret to their attorney, a court, or a government official in certain, confidential circumstances. Specifically, federal law provides that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret under either of the following conditions (1) where the disclosure is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) where the disclosure is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. See 18 U.S.C. 1833(b)(1). Federal law also provides that an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. See 18 U.S.C. 1833(b)(2). 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit either party (or either party s attorney(s)) from (i) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to, participating in any investigation by, or cooperating with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice or any other securities regulatory agency, self-regulatory authority or federal, state or local regulatory authority (collectively, Government Agencies ), or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation, (ii) communicating directly with, cooperating with, or providing information (including trade secrets) in confidence to any Government Agencies for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or from providing such information to such party s attorney(s) or in a sealed complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other governmental proceeding, and or (iii) receiving an award for information provided to any Government Agency. 
 6. NON-SOLICITATION . During the Term and for one (1) year after the termination of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive will not use the Company s confidential information, directly or indirectly (including through any agent, estates, trustee, family members or other representatives, including attorneys, accountants, consultants, bankers and financial advisors, of Executive or any other person) to induce, attempt to induce, solicit or attempt to solicit any employee of the Company or any subsidiary to leave his or her employment, consulting or independent contractor relationship with the Company or such 
 5 

subsidiary provided, however, that, Executive shall not be precluded from hiring, retaining, employing or otherwise engaging any such individual who responds to any public advertisement not specifically targeted at such individual. In the event that Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason during the Change in Control Period, the post-termination non-solicitation restrictions of this Section 6 shall not be a Continuing Obligation and shall be rendered null and void with no effect, provided that Executive executes the Release and has not been found to be in breach of the remaining Continuing Obligations as of the date of each such payment. 
 7. MUTUAL NON-DISPARAGEMENT . During the Term and thereafter, Executive shall not make to any person or entity, including but not limited to competitors, customers or vendors of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliated entity, any statement that disparages, discredits, or defames the Company, including but not limited to disparaging, discrediting or defamatory statements regarding the Company s financial condition, the Company s products, or the directors, officers, managers, and employees of the Company. During the Term and thereafter, the Company shall not make any statement that disparages, discredits, or defames Executive to any person or entity, including but not limited to competitors, customers or vendors of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliated entity, and the Company shall instruct its respective officers and directors to not disparage, discredit or defame Executive to any person or entity provided, that, this Section 7 shall not in any way preclude Executive and the Board or officers from engaging, during the Term, in performance reviews or other discourse relating to Executive s performance, or otherwise discussing or conducting the business of the Company in the ordinary course. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 7 shall preclude Executive or the Company from making truthful statements required by applicable law, regulation or legal process, or in connection with any formal action to enforce their respective rights under this Agreement, as applicable. 
 8. ENFORCEMENT REMEDIES . 
 (a) Arbitration . Executive acknowledges that she remains bound by and in compliance with the terms and conditions of that Arbitration Agreement entered into by and between Executive and the Company, attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Arbitration Agreement ). 
 (b) Equitable Relief . The agreement to arbitrate set forth in Section 8(a) does not prohibit either party from filing an application for a provisional remedy or equitable relief to prevent actual or threatened irreparable harm in accordance with California law, including for breach or threatened breach of Sections 5 through 8 of this Agreement. 
 9. DEFINITIONS . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings 
 (a) Cause means one or more of the following events, as determined by the majority of disinterested members of the Board (i) Executive s commission of theft, embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, misappropriation, or similar conduct against the Company, any subsidiary or any affiliated entity (ii) Executive s conviction for, or entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude or (iii) Executive s gross negligence or willful or intentional misconduct in the performance of Executive s duties. 
 (b) Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 (c) Disability means Executive s inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period 
 6 

of not less than twelve (12) months as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 
 (d) Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following events without Executive s consent (i) any material reduction in Executive s authority, responsibilities or duties (ii) a relocation of her business office to a location more than twenty-five (25) miles from the location at which Executive performed her duties immediately prior to the relocation (iii) the Company s material breach of any of its obligations under this Agreement or (iv) a material reduction in Executive s then-Base Salary provided, however, that any such termination by Executive shall only be deemed for Good Reason pursuant to this definition if (A) Executive gives the Company written notice, within ninety (90) days following the first occurrence of the condition(s) that Executive believes constitute(s) Good Reason, which notice shall describe such condition(s), of Executive s intent to terminate for Good Reason (B) the Company fails to remedy such condition(s) within thirty (30) days following receipt of such written notice (such 30-day period, the Cure Period and (C) Executive voluntarily terminates her employment within thirty (30) days following the end of the Cure Period. 
 10. GENERAL . 
 (a) Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any part, clause, or condition of this Agreement is held to be partially or wholly invalid, unenforceable, or inoperative for any reason whatsoever, such invalid provision shall not affect any other provision or portion hereof, which shall continue to be effective as though such invalid, unenforceable or inoperative part, clause or condition had not been made. 
 (b) Representations and Warranties . Executive represents and warrants that (i) Executive s employment with the Company does not and will not breach any agreements with or duties to any third party (ii) Executive has no obligations or commitments inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement and (iii) Executive will not enter into any agreement or engage in any activity which would conflict with this Agreement or which would otherwise materially interfere with Executive s duties hereunder. 
 (c) Survival of Obligations . Termination of Executive s employment, however caused, shall not affect Executive s Continuing Obligations. Executive agrees that after leaving the employ of the Company for any reason, whether initiated by Executive or the Company, the Company may notify Executive s new employer about the Continuing Obligations. 
 (d) Cooperation . Following Executive s termination of employment, if requested by the Company, Executive agrees to cooperate in good faith with the Company in connection with any defense, prosecution or investigation by the Company including regarding any internal investigation, actual or potential litigation, administrative or regulatory proceeding, or other such like proceeding, in which the Company may be involved as a party or non-party from time to time (other than any dispute between the Company and Executive), including without limitation, Executive being available to the Company upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, Executive appearing at the Company s reasonable request to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, and Executive providing the Company all pertinent information and documents, at reasonable times and pursuant to reasonable schedules. The Company shall reimburse Executive for the reasonable, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Executive in connection with such cooperation. 
 7 

(e) Notices . Any notice, request, instruction, or other document to be given hereunder by any party to any other party shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, by overnight delivery service or by email, and shall be deemed given (i) if delivered by hand, when delivered, (ii) if delivered by overnight delivery, one (1) business day after deposited with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, and (iii) if sent by email, upon electronic confirmation of receipt, as follows 
 If to the Company, to 
 FIGS, Inc. 
 2834 Colorado Avenue, Suite 100 
 Santa Monica, California 90404 
 Attention Chief Legal Officer 
 Email legal wearfigs.com 
 if to Executive, to 
 At Executive s most recent address on the records of the Company Email 
 (f) Waivers Construction . Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no delay or omission by either party hereto in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall impair such right, power or privilege, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties hereto to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party. 
 (g) Successors and Assigns Assignment Third Party Beneficiary . Executive shall not assign this Agreement and any attempt by Executive to do so will be deemed null and void, provided that Executive s rights to payments hereunder shall, upon Executive s death or incapacity, inure to the benefit of Executive s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, devisees and legatees. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns. This Agreement may be assigned by the Company to any of its affiliates, or to a person or entity which is a successor in interest to substantially all of the business operations or assets of the Company. 
 (h) Entire Agreement No Oral Modification Amendment . This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the terms and conditions of Executive s employment with the Company, and supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations, term sheets and understandings relating to Executive s employment with the Company (including the Prior Agreement, except as expressly set forth herein). The Existing Equity Awards will continue on their existing terms, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, and the Founder s Cash Sale Bonus Letter Agreement shall continue on its existing terms. This Agreement cannot be amended or modified except pursuant to a written instrument signed by Executive and an authorized signatory of the Company and approved by a majority of the members of the Board other than you. This Agreement s terms may not be altered, modified, or amended in a manner detrimental to Executive except by a written instrument signed by the Executive that specifically references this Section 10(h). 
 (i) Governing Law . This Agreement and the performance hereof shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to its conflicts or choice of law principles unless otherwise set forth herein. 
 8 

(j) Executive Acknowledgment No Inducements . Executive acknowledges that she has had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel and or a tax advisor of Executive s own choosing in regard to this Agreement, and that Executive has read and understands this Agreement. Executive has entered into this Agreement with the Company knowingly and voluntarily, based on Executive s own judgment and not on any representations, inducements or promises other than those contained in this Agreement. 
 (k) Section Headings . The section and subsection headings of this Agreement are included for convenience only, and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of any of its provisions. 
 (l) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by electronically and or in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 11. 409A . 
 (a) Compliance . It is intended that the compensation paid or delivered to Executive pursuant to this Agreement is either paid in compliance with to avoid the application of an accelerated or additional tax under, or is exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ), and the regulations promulgated thereunder (together, Section 409A ), and this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered accordingly. However, the Company does not warrant to Executive that all amounts paid or delivered to her will be exempt from, or paid in compliance with, Section 409A. Executive understands and agrees that Executive bears the entire risk of any adverse federal, state or local tax consequences and penalty taxes which may result from payment on a basis contrary to the provisions of Section 409A or comparable provisions of any applicable state or local income tax laws. Executive acknowledges that she has been advised to seek the advice of a tax advisor with respect to the tax consequences of all payments pursuant to this Agreement, including any adverse tax consequence under Section 409A and applicable state tax law. If any payments of money or other benefits due to Executive hereunder could cause the application of an accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A, the Company (subject to the consent of the majority of the disinterested members of the Board) and Executive may (i) adopt such amendments to this Agreement, including amendments with retroactive effect, that the Company and Executive agree are necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided by the Agreement and or (ii) take such other actions as the Company and Executive determine are necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment hereunder will be deemed to be a separate payment as permitted under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). 
 (b) Amounts Payable On Account of Termination . If and to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, for the purposes of determining when amounts otherwise payable on account of Executive s termination of employment under this Agreement will be paid, terminate, terminated or termination or words of similar import relating to Executive s employment with the Company, as used in this Agreement, shall be construed as the date that Executive first incurs a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A from the Company. Further, to the extent any payment or benefit provided under this Agreement is deemed to be nonqualified deferred compensation that is subject to Section 409A, and if the Company determines that Executive is a specified employee under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code at the time of Executive s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, then any such payment(s), to the extent they are subject to Section 409A, shall not be made or commence until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the date of Executive s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A and (ii) the date of Executive s death following such separation from service . 
 9 

(c) Interpretative Rules . In applying Section 409A to amounts paid pursuant to this Agreement, any right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto have caused this Employment Agreement to be duly executed as of the date and year first set forth above. 
 FIGS, Inc. 
 By s Heather Hasson Name Heather Hasson Title Co-CEO 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 s Catherine Spear Catherine Spear 
 
 11 

Exhibit A 
 Form of Release 
 In consideration of the payments to be made to me pursuant to Section 4 of my Agreement with FIGS, Inc. (with any successor thereof, the Company dated May 26, 2021 (the Agreement (such payments, the Benefits and in connection with the termination of my employment, I agree to the following general release (the Release ). 
 1. On behalf of myself, my heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, I hereby fully and forever generally release and discharge the Company, its current, former and future parents, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, related entities, employee benefit plans, and, in such capacities, their fiduciaries, predecessors, successors, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, employees and assigns (collectively, the Released Parties from any and all claims, causes of action, and liabilities up through the date of my execution of the Release. The claims subject to this release include, but are not limited to, those relating to my employment with the Company and or any predecessor to Company and the termination of such employment. All such claims (including related attorneys fees and costs) are barred without regard to whether those claims are based on any alleged breach of a duty arising in statute, contract, or tort. This expressly includes my waiver and release of any rights and claims arising under any and all laws, rules, regulations, and ordinances, including, but not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act the Americans With Disabilities Act the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA 1 the Fair Labor Standards Act the National Labor Relations Act the Family and Medical Leave Act the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (if applicable) the provisions of the California Labor Code (if applicable) the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and any similar law of any other state or governmental entity. The parties agree to apply California law in interpreting the Release. Accordingly, I further waive any rights under Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California or any similar state statute. Section 1542 states A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party. This Release does not extend to, and has no effect upon, any benefits that have accrued or equity that has vested, and to which I have become vested or otherwise entitled to, under any employee benefit plan, program or policy sponsored or maintained by the Company, or to my right to indemnification by the Company, and continued coverage by the Company s director s and officer s insurance. 
 
 2. In understanding the terms of the Release and my rights, I have been advised to consult with an attorney of my choice prior to executing the Release. I understand that nothing in the Release shall prohibit me from exercising legal rights that are, as a matter of law, not subject to waiver such as (a) my rights under applicable workers compensation laws (b) my right, if any, to seek unemployment benefits (c) my right to indemnity under California Labor Code section 2802 or other applicable state-law right to indemnity (d) my right to file a charge or complaint with a government agency such as but not limited to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor, the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, or other applicable state agency and (e) my right to report 
 
 1 To include if Executive is over 40. 
 12 

any violation to the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal or state agency. I further understand that nothing in this Release precludes me from entitlement to any monetary recovery awarded by the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with any action asserted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Moreover, I will continue to be indemnified for my actions taken while employed by the Company to the same extent as other former directors and officers of the Company under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and the Indemnification Agreement between me and the Company, and I will continue to be covered by the Company s directors and officers liability insurance policy as in effect from time to time to the same extent as other former directors and officers of the Company, each subject to the requirements of the laws of the State of Delaware. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any dispute regarding the scope of this general release shall be resolved through binding arbitration as set forth in my Agreement. 
 
 3. I understand and agree that the Company will not provide me with the Benefits unless I execute the Release. I also understand that I have received or will receive, regardless of the execution of the Release, all wages owed to me together with any accrued but unused vacation pay, less applicable withholdings and deductions, earned through my termination date. 
 
 4. As part of my existing and continuing obligations to the Company, I have returned to the Company all Company documents (and all copies thereof) and other Company property that I have had in my possession at any time, including but not limited to Company files, notes, drawings, records, business plans and forecasts, financial information, specification, computer-recorded information, tangible property (including, but not limited to, computers, laptops, pagers, etc.), credit cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys and any materials of any kind which contain or embody any proprietary or confidential information of the Company (and all reproductions thereof) except that I may keep my personal copies of (i) my compensation records and (ii) materials distributed to stockholders generally. I understand that, even if I did not sign the Release, I am still bound by any and all confidential proprietary trade secret information, non-disclosure and inventions assignment agreement(s) signed by me in connection with my employment with the Company, or with a predecessor or successor of the Company pursuant to the terms of such agreement(s). 
 
 5. I represent and warrant that I am the sole owner of all claims relating to my employment with the Company and or with any predecessor of the Company, and that I have not assigned or transferred any claims relating to my employment to any other person or entity. 
 
 6. Section 5(b) - (c) of the Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference, and shall apply, together with any necessary conforming changes, to the provisions set forth herein. 
 
 7. I understand and agree that nothing in the Release shall be interpreted or enforced in a manner that would interfere with my rights under the National Labor Relations Act, if any, to discuss or comment on the terms and conditions of my employment. 
 
 8. I understand and agree that the Release shall not be construed at any time as an admission of liability or wrongdoing by either any Released Party or myself. 

9. I understand and acknowledge that through the Release, I will be releasing the Released Parties from any and all claims I may have against them, including those under the ADEA, except as specified in the Release. 2 
 
 10. I agree that I have had at least twenty-one (21) calendar days in which to consider whether to execute the Release, no one hurried me into executing the Release during that period, and no one coerced me into executing the Release. I understand that the offer of the Benefits and the Release shall expire on the twenty-second (22 nd calendar day after my employment termination date if I have not accepted it by that time. I further understand that the Company s obligations under the Release shall not become effective or enforceable until the eighth (8 th calendar day after the date I sign the Release provided that I have timely delivered it to Company (the Effective Date and I understand that I may revoke my acceptance of the Release in the seven (7) day period following the date I deliver a signed copy of the Release to Company. I understand that the Benefits will become available to me at such time after the Effective Date. 3 
 
 11. In executing the Release, I acknowledge that I have not relied upon any statement made by the Company, or any of its representatives or employees, with regard to the Release unless the representation is specifically included herein. Furthermore, the Release contains our entire understanding regarding eligibility for Benefits (except as otherwise set forth in the Agreement) and supersedes any or all prior representation and agreement regarding the subject matter of the Release. However, the Release does not modify, amend or supersede written Company agreements that are consistent with enforceable provisions of this Release such as my Agreement, proprietary information and invention assignment agreement, and any stock, stock option and or stock purchase agreements between Company and me. Once effective and enforceable, this agreement can only be changed by another written agreement signed by me and an authorized representative of the Company. 
 
 12. Should any provision of the Release be determined by an arbitrator, court of competent jurisdiction, or government agency to be wholly or partially invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining parts, terms, or provisions are intended to remain in full force and effect. Specifically, should a court, arbitrator, or agency conclude that a particular claim may not be released as a matter of law, it is the intention of the parties that the general release and the waiver of unknown claims above shall otherwise remain effective to release any and all other claims. I acknowledge that I have obtained sufficient information to intelligently exercise my own judgment regarding the terms of the Release before executing the Release. 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO GENERAL RELEASE AGREEMENT FOLLOWS 

2 To include if Executive is over 40. 
 3 To include if Executive is over 40. 

EMPLOYEE S ACCEPTANCE OF RELEASE 
 
 BEFORE SIGNING MY NAME TO THE RELEASE, I STATE THE FOLLOWING I HAVE READ THE RELEASE, I UNDERSTAND IT AND I KNOW THAT I AM GIVING UP IMPORTANT RIGHTS . I HAVE OBTAINED SUFFICIENT INFORMATION TO INTELLIGENTLY EXERCISE MY OWN JUDGMENT . I HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT I SHOULD CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE SIGNING IT, AND I HAVE SIGNED THE RELEASE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY . 

Date delivered to employee ___________, ______. 
 Executed this ___________ day of ___________, ______. 

Your Signature 

Your Name (Please Print) 
 Agreed and Accepted 
 
 FIGS, Inc. 

___________________________ 
 By 
 Date 

Exhibit B 
 Arbitration Agreement 
 See attached. 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.10>
 8
 figs-20221231xexx1010.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 

VOTING AGREEMENT 
 This VOTING AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of May 26, 2021 by and among FIGS, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), Heather Hasson and Catherine Spear (each, an Individual Founder and, together, the Individual Founders ), the trusts named on the signature pages hereto (each, a Founder Trust and, each Individual Founder and her Founder Trusts, a Founder ), the Special Proxyholder identified on the signature pages hereto (the Special Proxyholder ), and Tulco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Tulco ). The Individual Founders and Founder Trusts are referred to collectively herein as the Founders . The Founders and Tulco and each other trust or entity that may become a party hereto pursuant to Section 8.13 are referred to collectively herein as the Investor Parties , and each, an Investor Party . The Company, the Special Proxyholder and the Investor Parties are referred to collectively herein as the Parties , and each, a Party . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, each of the Parties desires to provide for the election or re-election of the Individual Founders to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and for the election or re-election of a Tulco Director after the Company has completed its proposed initial public offering of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), in a firm commitment underwritten offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the IPO and 
 WHEREAS, the Certificate of Incorporation to be filed in connection with the IPO will provide for the reclassification of all outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, into shares of Class A Common Stock and subsequent thereto certain of such shares will be exchanged for shares of Class B Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class B Common Stock and, together with Class A Common Stock, Common Stock ). 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above recitals and the mutual covenants made herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. Voting Provisions . 
 1.1 Shares . Each Party expressly agrees that the terms and restrictions of this Agreement shall apply to all shares of each class of Common Stock (or other shares of capital stock of the Company or shares of capital stock of any successor in interest of the Company, whether by sale, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction, or by purchase, assignment or operation of law) (i) which each Investor Party thereof owns or holds or hereafter acquires or holds by any means, including, without limitation, by purchase, assignment, conversion or exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right, the settlement of any restricted stock unit or as a result of any stock dividend, stock split, reorganization, reclassification, whether voluntary 
 1 

or involuntary, or other similar transaction, or (ii) with respect to which each Investor Party thereof exercises voting control, or hereafter acquires voting control by any means (including, in the case of each of (i) and (ii), as a result of a transfer, assignment, sale or other disposition of any Shares to a Permitted Transferee pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation) (the shares described in (i) and (ii), collectively with respect to each Investor Party, Shares , provided that, any such shares of Common Stock or other capital stock shall only constitute Shares of an Investor Party for purposes of this Agreement while so owned, held or controlled (with respect to voting) by such Investor Party). 
 1.2 Board Composition . 
 (a) Subject to Section 2, during the term of this Agreement, from time to time and at all times, each Investor Party, in its capacity as a stockholder or beneficial owner of Shares, agrees to vote all Shares FOR, or cause all Shares to be voted FOR, the election or re-election of each of the Individual Founders that has been duly nominated for election or re-election as members of the Board at each annual or special meeting of stockholders at which members of the Board are to be elected, and to take all actions by consent in writing or by electronic transmission in lieu of any such meeting to approve the election or re-election of each of the Individual Founders that have been duly nominated for election or re-election as members of the Board. 
 (b) For so long as the aggregate number of outstanding shares of Common Stock held by Tulco and its Permitted Transferees represents at least 10 of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of all classes of Common Stock (calculated on a diluted basis to include any issued and outstanding options, restricted stock units or other equity awards, whether vested or unvested, of the Company) (the Tulco Director Threshold ), during the term of this Agreement, from time to time and at all times, each Investor Party, in its capacity as a stockholder or beneficial owner of Shares, agrees to vote all Shares FOR, or cause all Shares to be voted FOR, the election or re-election of one (1) director designated by Tulco (the Tulco Director ), that has been duly nominated for election or re-election as a member of the Board at each annual or special meeting of stockholders at which members of the Board are to be elected, and to take all actions by consent in writing or by electronic transmission in lieu of any such meeting to approve the election or re-election of the Tulco Director that has been duly nominated for election or re-election as a member of the Board. In the event of the death, resignation or removal of the Tulco Director, Tulco is entitled to designate an individual to fill the vacant seat created thereby for the duration of his or her term and, thereafter, the director designated by Tulco to fill such vacancy shall be referred to as the Tulco Director for purposes of this Agreement. 
 2 

(c) Each Investor Party agrees to execute and deliver any written consents representing an action by stockholders of the Company required to perform the obligations of this Agreement. 
 (d) For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement requires any Individual Founder or Tulco Director to serve as a member of the Board, and any Individual Founder or Tulco Director may resign from the Board at any time. 
 1.3 Removal of Board Members . Subject to Section 2, during the term of this Agreement, from time to time and at all times, each Investor Party, in its capacity as a stockholder or beneficial owner of Shares, agrees to vote, or cause to be voted, at any annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders at which any Individual Founder or Tulco Director is to be removed from the Board, all Shares AGAINST the removal of such Individual Founder or Tulco Director, as the case may be, from the Board, and to not take any actions by consent in lieu of any such meeting in favor of the removal of each such Individual Founder or Tulco Director, as the case may be, from the Board. For so long as Tulco is entitled to designate a director as provided in Section 1.2(b), upon request of Tulco to remove such director, each Party agrees to vote, or cause to be voted, all Shares in favor of such removal. 
 1.4 No Liability for Election of Individual Founders or Tulco Director . No Investor Party shall have any liability as a result of voting in favor of the election of any person to the Board for any act or omission by such person in his or her capacity as a member of the Board, nor shall any Investor Party have any liability as a result of voting for any Individual Founder or Tulco Director in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
 2. Voting Proxy . Each Individual Founder and the Founder Trusts affiliated with such Individual Founder hereby grants, effective upon such Individual Founder s death or Disability a voting proxy, coupled with an interest in all Shares of such Individual Founder and her Founder Trusts, to the other Individual Founder to vote or to deliver or not deliver consent in writing or by electronic transmission, in any election or re-election of directors of the Company or in any vote of stockholders regarding the removal from the Board of any Individual Founder or Tulco Director, all such Shares in the manner provided in Sections 1.2 and 1.3 hereof (the Voting Proxy provided that, effective upon the death or Disability of the sole remaining Individual Founder or upon the simultaneous death or Disability of both Individual Founders, the Voting Proxy shall automatically transfer to the Special Proxyholder, in which case all such Shares shall be voted by the Special Proxyholder in the manner provided in Sections 1.2(b) and 1.3 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the death or Disability of the first Individual Founder to die or become Disabled, if (i) there are any Shares that are held in an irrevocable trust of which the surviving Individual Founder is the grantor, (ii) the Company would be treated as a controlled corporation with respect to such surviving Individual Founder as defined in Section 2036(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code, and (iii) pursuant to this Section 2, the Voting Proxy over such shares would transfer to such surviving Individual Founder, the Voting Proxy shall instead transfer to the Special Proxyholder, and the Special Proxyholder shall have full power and authority, and hereby agrees, to vote the Shares held in such trust in accordance with Section 1.2(b) and 1.3 hereof. The Voting Proxy, with respect to each such Share, is coupled with an 
 3 

interest and shall be irrevocable and shall terminate, with respect to such Share, upon the earliest to occur of (i) the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms (ii) such time as this Section 2 is amended to remove such grant of proxy in accordance with Section 8.6 hereof and (iii) such Share is converted into a share of Class A Common Stock pursuant to Section 7 of Part A of Article IV of the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 3. Nominating Provisions . Each Party agrees, in connection with each annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected following the closing of the IPO, that such Party shall take all Necessary Action (as defined below) to, or to cause the Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board, as applicable, to (i) include the Individual Founders and Tulco Director in the slate of nominees nominated by the Board for the applicable class of directors (or the full Board if the Board is no longer classified) for election or re-election by the stockholders of the Company, (ii) include such Individual Founders and Tulco Director in the Company s proxy statement for such stockholder meeting or similar document or soliciting materials, and (iii) recommend in favor of each Individual Founder s and Tulco Director s election or re-election as a director. Necessary Action for purposes of this paragraph means, with respect to a specified result, all actions, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and as consistent with applicable fiduciary duties of directors, necessary to cause such result, including, without limitation, (a) voting, providing a written consent or otherwise causing the adoption of board resolutions with respect to the nomination of each Individual Founder and Tulco Director and inclusion in the Company s proxy statement or similar document or soliciting materials of the Individual Founder and Tulco Director, (b) causing the adoption of board and or stockholder resolutions and amendments to any organizational documents, (c) executing agreements and instruments and (d) making, or causing to be made, with governmental, administrative or regulatory authorities, all filings, registrations or similar actions that are required to achieve such result. In the event that an Individual Founder or the Tulco Director is not included in the slate of nominees nominated by the Board for an applicable meeting of stockholders, the Company further agrees to provide such Individual Founder or the Tulco Director, as applicable, the opportunity to nominate herself or himself for election to the Board. The obligations set forth in this paragraph shall terminate with respect to an Individual Founder or a given Tulco Director upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date such individual is no longer serving as a member of the Board, whether by resignation, removal for cause or determination not to stand for re-election, and (ii) such individual s death or Disability. 
 4. Transfers . Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent any Investor Party from effecting a Transfer of its Shares (including through an assignment, sale or other disposition). Upon any such Transfer (other than a Permitted Transfer), each such transferred Share shall cease to be subject to this Agreement and shall, in accordance with the terms of Section 7 of Part A of Article IV of the Certificate of Incorporation, convert into one share of Class A Common Stock. 
 5. Further Assurances . At any time or from time to time after the date hereof, the Parties agree to cooperate with each other, and at the request of any Investor Party, to execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and to take all such further action as the 
 4 

requesting Investor Party may reasonably request in order to evidence or effectuate the consummation of the obligations contemplated hereby and to otherwise carry out the intent of the Parties hereunder. 
 6. Remedies . 
 6.1 Specific Enforcement . Each Party acknowledges and agrees that each Party will be irreparably damaged in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed by the Parties in accordance with their specific terms or are otherwise breached. Accordingly, it is agreed that any aggrieved Party shall be entitled to an injunction to prevent breaches of this Agreement, and to specific enforcement of this Agreement and its terms and provisions in any action instituted in any court of the United States or any state having subject matter jurisdiction. 
 6.2 Remedies Cumulative . All remedies, either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded to any Party, shall be cumulative and not alternative. 
 7. Term and Termination . This Agreement shall be conditioned upon and effective as of the filing and effectiveness of the Certificate of Incorporation immediately prior to the closing of the Company s IPO and shall continue in effect until, and shall terminate (a) upon such time as neither of the Founders nor any of their Permitted Transferees hold shares of Class B Common Stock, (b) with respect to Tulco, upon such time as Tulco or its Permitted Transferees no longer hold, in the aggregate, a number of Shares equal to or exceeding the Tulco Director Threshold, or (c) upon a Final Conversion Event. If the closing of the IPO has not occurred by June 30, 2021, this Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force or effect. 
 8. Miscellaneous . 
 8.1 No Assignment . The terms and conditions of this Agreement, including all obligations and rights therein, may not be assigned. 
 8.2 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law. 
 8.3 Counterparts Facsimile . This Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile signature, including electronic signatures, and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 8.4 Titles and Subtitles . The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. 
 8.5 Notices . All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon the earlier of actual receipt or (a) personal delivery to the Party to be notified, (b) when sent, if sent by 
 5 

facsimile during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipient s next business day, (c) when sent, if sent by electronic mail during the recipient s normal business hours, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipient s next business day, (d) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (e) one (1) business day after the business day of deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the respective Parties at their address set forth below or on the signature pages hereto, or at such other address as any Party shall, from time to time, designate by ten (10) days advance written notice 
 If to Heather Hasson or her Founder Trusts, to 
 
 Heather Hasson 
 c o FIGS, Inc. 
 2834 Colorado Avenue, Suite 100 
 Santa Monica, CA 90404 
 Email 
 
 If to Catherine Spear or her Founder Trusts, to 
 
 Catherine Spear 
 c o FIGS, Inc. 
 2834 Colorado Avenue, Suite 100 
 Santa Monica, CA 90404 
 Email 
 
 If to Tulco, to 
 
 c o Jeff Miller 
 61 E. Colorado Blvd. 
 Unit 200 
 Pasadena, CA 91105 
 Tel 
 Email 

And in each case, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to 
 
 Todd Maron 
 FIGS, Inc. 
 2834 Colorado Avenue, Suite 100 
 Santa Monica, California 90404 
 Email 
 
 6 

Marc Jaffe 
 Latham & Watkins LLP 
 885 Third Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Tel 
 Email 

8.6 Consent Required to Terminate, Amend or Waive . This Agreement may be amended or terminated and the observance of any term hereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only by a written instrument executed by each of the Parties provided that, in the event of the death or Disability of any Individual Founder, the holder of the Voting Proxy shall sign on behalf of such Individual Founder and in the event of the death or Disability of both Individual Founders, the Special Proxyholder shall sign on behalf of the Individual Founders. Any amendment, termination or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 8.6 shall be binding on each Party. 
 8.7 Delays or Omissions . No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any Party under this Agreement, upon any breach or default of any Party under this Agreement, shall impair any such right, power or remedy of such non-breaching or non-defaulting Party, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default previously or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any Party of any breach or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any Party of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded to any Party, shall be cumulative and not alternative. 
 8.8 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. 
 8.9 Entire Agreement . This Agreement shall constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the subject matter hereof existing among the Parties are expressly canceled. 
 8.10 Legend on Share Certificates . Each certificate representing any Shares issued after the date hereof shall be endorsed by the Company with a legend reading substantially as follows 
 THE SHARES EVIDENCED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO A VOTING AGREEMENT, AS MAY BE AMENDED FROM 
 7 

TIME TO TIME (THE VOTING AGREEMENT (A COPY OF WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THESE SHARES), AND BY ACCEPTING ANY INTEREST IN SUCH SHARES THE PERSON ACCEPTING SUCH INTEREST SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE TO, AND SHALL BECOME BOUND BY, ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THE VOTING AGREEMENT UNTIL THE TERMINATION THEREOF AS SET FORTH THEREIN. 
 The Company agrees to cause the certificates evidencing the Shares issued after the date hereof to bear the legend required by this Section 8.10. The Parties do hereby agree that the failure to cause the certificates evidencing the Shares to bear the legend required by this Section 8.10, herein and or the failure of the Individual Founders or Tulco to supply, free of charge, a copy of this Agreement as provided hereunder shall not affect the validity or enforcement of this Agreement. 
 8.11 Stock Splits, Stock Dividends, etc . In the event of any issuance of shares of the Company s voting securities hereafter to any of the Parties (including, without limitation, in connection with any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, or the like), such securities shall become subject to this Agreement and shall be endorsed with the legend set forth in Section 8.10. 
 8.12 Manner of Voting Grant of Proxy . The voting of Shares pursuant to this Agreement may be effected in person, by proxy, by written consent or in any other manner permitted by applicable law. 
 8.13 Additional Investor Parties . Unless prohibited by applicable law, in the event that after the date of this Agreement, a Founder, Tulco or other Qualified Stockholder effects a Transfer of Shares that is intended to be a Permitted Transfer, then, to the extent the person or entity that will have direct and exclusive Voting Control over the Shares immediately following the Transfer to the intended transferee is not already party to this Agreement, such transferor shall cause such person or entity to, as a condition of such Transfer, become a party to this Agreement by executing a joinder agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A Joinder Agreement ), agreeing to be bound by and subject to the terms of this Agreement as an Investor Party including making the representations and warranties set forth in Section 8.14, and thereafter each such person or entity shall be deemed an Investor Party for all purposes under this Agreement. No action or consent by the Parties shall be required for such joinder to this Agreement by such additional Investor Party, so long as such additional Investor Party has agreed in writing to be bound by all of the obligations as an Investor Party hereunder. 
 8.14 Representations and Warranties . Each of the Parties represents and warrants, severally and not jointly, to the other Parties that (a) such Party has all requisite power, authority and capacity, as applicable, to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform such Party s obligations under this Agreement (b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Party do not (i) with respect to each Party that is not a natural person, violate the organizational documents (including any trust agreement, where applicable) of such Party, (ii) violate any law or order applicable to such Party, or (iii) require any consent or approval that 
 8 

has not previously been obtained and (c) assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each other Party, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms. 
 8.15 Dispute Resolution . The Parties (a) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery (or, only if the Delaware Court of Chancery declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any Federal court of the United States of America sitting in the State of Delaware) for the purpose of any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement, (b) agree not to commence any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement except in the Delaware Court of Chancery (or, only if the Delaware Court of Chancery declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any Federal court of the United States of America sitting in the State of Delaware), and (c) hereby waive, and agree not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named court(s), that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court. 
 8.16 Attorneys Fees . If any action at law or in equity is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the non-prevailing Party shall pay all costs and expenses incurred by the prevailing Party, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees. 
 8.17 Spousal Consent . If any Individual Founder is married on the date of this Agreement, such Individual Founder s spouse shall execute and deliver to each other Founder a consent of spouse in the form of Exhibit B hereto Consent of Spouse ), effective on the date hereof. Notwithstanding the execution and delivery thereof, such consent shall not be deemed to confer or convey to the spouse any rights in such Individual Founder s Common Stock that do not otherwise exist by operation of law or the agreement of the Parties. If any Individual Founder should marry or remarry subsequent to the date of this Agreement, such Individual Founder shall within thirty (30) days thereafter obtain his her new spouse s acknowledgement of and consent to the existence and binding effect of all restrictions contained in this Agreement by causing such spouse to execute and deliver a Consent of Spouse acknowledging the restrictions and obligations contained in this Agreement and agreeing and consenting to the same. 
 8.18 Special Proxyholder . The Individual Founders may, by unanimous written consent of each Individual Founder then living, replace the Special Proxyholder from time to time and shall appoint a replacement upon the Special Proxyholder s earlier death, Disability or resignation, which new Special Proxyholder shall become party to this Agreement with all of the rights and obligations of the Special Proxyholder set forth herein. 
 Signature pages follow. 
 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 FIGS, INC. 
 
 By s Jeffrey Lawrence 
 Name Jeffrey Lawrence 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature page to FIGS, Inc. Voting Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 

s Heather Hasson 
 HEATHER HASSON 

s Heather Hasson 
 HEATHER HASSON, TRUSTEE OF HEATHER HASSON REVOCABLE TRUST U A D 12 18 2017 

Signature page to FIGS, Inc. Voting Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 s Catherine Spear 
 CATHERINE SPEAR 

s Catherine Spear 
 CATHERINE SPEAR, AS TRUSTEE OF 
 THE CATHERINE SPEAR REVOCABLE TRUST U A D 12 18 2017 

s Catherine Spear 
 CATHERINE SPEAR, AS TRUSTEE OF 
 THE WINGAERSHEEK IRREVOCABLE TRUST I, U A D 10 15 2020 
 s Catherine Spear 
 CATHERINE SPEAR, AS TRUSTEE OF 
 THE WINGAERSHEEK IRREVOCABLE TRUST II, U A D 10 15 2020 

s Catherine Spear 
 CATHERINE SPEAR, AS TRUSTEE OF 
 THE MAPLE TREE IRREVOCABLE TRUST, U A D 10 16 2020 

Signature page to FIGS, Inc. Voting Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 

s Devon Duff Gago 
 DEVON DUFF GAGO, AS SPECIAL PROXYHOLDER 

s Devon Duff Gago 
 DEVON DUFF GAGO, AS SPECIAL TRUSTEE OF 
 THE WINGAERSHEEK IRREVOCABLE TRUST II, U A D 10 15 2020 

s Devon Duff Gago 
 DEVON DUFF GAGO, AS SPECIAL TRUSTEE OF 
 THE WINGAERSHEEK IRREVOCABLE TRUST I, U A D 10 15 2020 

Address Devon Duff Gago 
 c o FIGS, Inc. 
 2834 Colorado Avenue, Suite 100 
 Santa Monica, CA 90404 
 Email 

Signature page to FIGS, Inc. Voting Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 TULCO, LLC 
 
 By s Jeffrey Miller 
 Name Jeffrey Miller 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature page to FIGS, Inc. Voting Agreement 

Exhibit A 
 Form of Joinder Agreement 

Exhibit B 
 Form of Spousal Consent 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 9
 figs-20221231xexx1011a.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

EQUITY AWARD EXCHANGE RIGHT AGREEMENT 
 This EQUITY AWARD EXCHANGE RIGHT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of May 26, 2021 by and among FIGS, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the individuals listed on Exhibit A hereto (collectively, Founders ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to implement a dual class structure in connection with the Company s proposed initial public offering of its capital stock in a firm commitment underwritten offering (the IPO pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act 
 WHEREAS, in connection with the IPO, the Board has approved an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Certificate of Incorporation ), which, among other things, if effected in connection with the IPO, would create two classes of common stock of the Company, Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), entitling holders to one (1) vote per share and Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class B Common Stock ), entitling holders to twenty (20) votes per share 
 WHEREAS, the Certificate of Incorporation further provides that the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Pre-IPO Common Stock ), will, upon the effectiveness of the filing of the Certificate of Incorporation (the Effective Time ), be reclassified as Class A Common Stock 
 WHEREAS, the Founders hold stock option awards and restricted stock units, as set forth on Exhibit A (the Equity Awards ), which were granted pursuant to the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and are currently exercisable for or settle in Pre-IPO Common Stock, and all such shares of Pre-IPO Common Stock underlying the Equity Awards will be reclassified as shares of Class A Common Stock at the Effective Time 
 WHEREAS, the Board has determined that providing each Founder with the right to require the Company to exchange, as set forth herein, any shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon the exercise or settlement of such Founder s Equity Awards for shares of Class B Common Stock of equivalent value as determined on the date of such exchange (which is expected to be at an exchange ratio of one-for-one) as part of the implementation of the dual class structure is advisable and in the best interest of the Company and all of its stockholders, including its stockholders other than the Founders and 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto intend that no gain or loss shall be recognized in any Exchange (as defined below) pursuant to Sections 368(a)(1)(E) and or 1036 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above recitals and the mutual covenants made herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged and accepted, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1 

1. Exchange Right and Exchange of Class A Common Stock. 
 1.1 Exchange Right . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, immediately following the Effective Time, the Company hereby grants each Founder the right (the Exchange Right to require the Company to exchange any shares of Class A Common Stock that the Founder acquires following the Effective Time upon the exercise or settlement of the Equity Awards (the Eligible Class A Shares for a number of shares of Class B Common Stock (the Class B Shares of equivalent value as determined on the date of such exchange (which is expected to be at an exchange ratio of one-for-one) (an Exchange ). 
 1.2 Exercise of Exchange Right . 
 (a) As a condition precedent to the exercise of the Exchange Right, the Company and the exercising Founder must mutually agree that no gain or loss will be required to be recognized for U.S. federal tax purposes on account of such exercise and related Exchange (the Exchange Condition ). 
 (b) If the Exchange Condition is satisfied, the Exchange Right will be exercisable by the Founder by submitting a completed and fully-executed notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Exchange Notice to the Company on or prior to the Exchange Right s Expiration Date (as defined below) and the Exchange Right will be deemed to have been exercised immediately prior to 5 00 p.m. (Pacific time) on the date of timely delivery of an Exchange Notice. 
 (c) Failure to satisfy the Exchange Condition or to deliver an Exchange Notice prior to 5 00 p.m. (Pacific time) on an Exchange Right s Expiration Date will constitute an irrevocable waiver of the Exchange Right with respect to such Eligible Class A Shares. 
 (d) An Exchange Right cannot be exercised by a Founder with respect to any Eligible Class A Share more than once. No Founder will have an Exchange Right pursuant to this Agreement with respect to any shares of Class A Common Stock acquired by such Founder other than by the exercise or settlement of the Equity Awards set forth on Exhibit A . 
 1.3 Exchange of Shares . 
 (a) Within ten (10) calendar days after the Company s receipt of a properly executed Exchange Notice, and provided the Exchange Condition remains satisfied, the Company will complete the Exchange for the specified number of Eligible Class A Shares indicated in the Exchange Notice Exercised Shares by issuing, out of funds legally available therefor, a number of shares of Class B Shares to the exercising Founder of equivalent value as determined on the date of such exchange (which is expected to be at an exchange ratio of one-for-one). 
 (b) Upon effectiveness of the Exchange, the Company shall deliver to the exercising Founder such documentation as may be reasonably required to evidence that the Class B Shares have been duly issued and transferred to the applicable Founder. 
 (c) Upon effectiveness of the Exchange, the exercising Founder will no longer have any rights as a holder of the Exercised Shares that are the subject of the Exchange (other than the right to receive the Class B Shares in accordance with this Agreement). Such Exercised Shares will be deemed to have been redeemed by the Company in accordance with the applicable 
 2 

provisions hereof, whether or not the certificate(s) therefor have been delivered to the applicable Founder. 
 1.4 Termination of Exchange Right . The Exchange Right will terminate (the Expiration Date 
 (a) With respect to any shares of Class A Common Stock underlying Equity Awards that have not been exercised or settled as of the date such shares are forfeited in accordance with the terms of the agreements evidencing such Equity Awards or 
 (b) With respect to any Eligible Class A Shares, the earlier of the date on which (i) the Founder sells, transfers, or otherwise disposes of such Eligible Class A Shares (other than through a Permitted Transfer (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation)) and (ii) the Final Conversion Event (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) occurs. 
 2. Representations and Warranties . 
 2.1 Representations and Warranties of the Founders . Each Founder hereby represents and warrants to the Company, with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, as follows 
 (a) Ownership Authority . Each Founder has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and, assuming the waiver or inapplicability of any and all rights of first refusal or co-sale by the Company and the Company s stockholders that are applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby, to exercise the Exchange Right and transfer, convey and exchange the Eligible Class A Shares in accordance with this Agreement. Assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of such Founder, enforceable against such Founder in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity). Upon consummation of an Exchange contemplated hereby, the Company will acquire from Founder good and marketable title to the Eligible Class A Shares, free and clear of any and all liens, encumbrances and restrictions (except for restrictions on transfer arising under applicable securities laws or as set forth or contemplated by this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation or any other agreements to which such Founder and the Company are a party, and subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity). 
 (b) Governmental Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance by such Founder of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental authority on the part of such Founder (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt (a) the filing by the Company of the Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and (b) compliance by the Company with any applicable requirements of any applicable state or federal securities laws). For purposes of this Agreement, governmental authority means any transnational, domestic or foreign federal, state or local governmental, regulatory or administrative authority, department, court, agency or official, including any political subdivision thereof. 
 3 

(c) Non-contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by such Founder of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not, assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 2.1(b) and approval of and adoption by the Company s stockholders of the Certificate of Incorporation, (a) violate any governing document, including any trust agreement, applicable to such Founder, (b) violate any law or order applicable to such Founder, (c) assuming the waiver or inapplicability of any and all rights of first refusal or co-sale held by the Company or the Company s stockholders that are applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby, require any consent or other action under, constitute a default under, or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation of such Founder or to the loss of any benefit to which such Founder is entitled under any provision of any agreement or other instrument binding upon such Founder, or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any lien on such Founder s Equity Awards, shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Equity Awards, Eligible Class A Shares or Class B Shares, other than restrictions on transfer arising under applicable securities laws or as set forth or contemplated by this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation or any other agreements to which such Founder and the Company are a party. 
 2.2 Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company hereby represents and warrants to each Founder, with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, as follows 
 (a) Corporate Existence and Power . The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 (b) Corporate Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby are within the corporate powers of the Company and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and the Company s stockholders, subject to compliance with Section 2.2(c) and the approval of and adoption by the Company s stockholders of the Certificate of Incorporation. Any and all rights of first refusal or co-sale held by the Company or the Company s stockholders that are applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby have been waived or are otherwise inapplicable. Assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each Founder, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity). 
 (c) Governmental Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental authority other than (i) the filing by the Company of the Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and (ii) compliance by the Company with any applicable requirements of any applicable state or federal securities laws. 
 (d) Non-contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not, assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 2.2(c) and approval of and adoption by the Company s stockholders of the Certificate of Incorporation, (i) violate the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company, (ii) violate any law or order applicable to the Company, 
 4 

(iii) require any consent or other action by any person under, constitute a default under, or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any right obligation of the Company or to the loss of any benefit to which the Company is entitled under any provision of any agreement or other instrument binding upon the Company or (iv) result in the creation or imposition of any lien on the Founder s Equity Awards, shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such Equity Awards, Eligible Class A Shares or Class B Shares other than as set forth or contemplated by this Agreement or the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 3. Miscellaneous . 
 3.1 Waiver of Right of First Refusal . The Company hereby waives any preexisting rights of first refusal applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 3.2 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law. 
 3.3 No Assignment . The terms and conditions of this Agreement, including all obligations and rights therein, may not be assigned. 
 3.4 Amend or Waive . This Agreement may be amended or terminated and the observance of any term hereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto. 
 3.5 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. 
 3.6 Entire Agreement . This Agreement shall constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to the subject matter hereof existing among the parties are expressly canceled. 
 3.7 Counterparts Facsimile . This Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile signature, including electronic signatures, and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 3.8 Tax Consequences . The parties hereto intend that no gain or loss shall be recognized in any Exchange pursuant to Sections 368(a)(1)(E) and or 1036 of the Code. The parties adopt this Agreement as a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Founder has reviewed with his own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the Founder s Equity Awards and the potential acquisition of Class A Shares thereunder, the Exchange Right and the potential Exchange for Class B Shares, and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each Founder is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, except for the representations and warranties of the Company expressly set forth in Section 2.2 above. 
 
 Signature page follows. 
 5 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 FIGS, INC. 
 
 By s Jeffrey Lawrence 
 Name Jeffrey Lawrence 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature page to FIGS, Inc. Exchange Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 s Heather Hasson 
 HEATHER HASSON 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 s Catherine Spear 
 CATHERINE SPEAR 

3 

EXHIBIT A 

Founder Equity Award Type Grant Date Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock Underlying the Equity Award Heather Hasson Stock option February 22, 2018 3,420,000 Stock option June 27, 2018 900,000 Restricted stock unit June 26, 2020 1,859,839 Stock option September 16, 2020 10,236,060 Catherine Spear Stock option February 22, 2018 7,695,000 Stock option June 27, 2018 900,000 Restricted stock unit June 26, 2020 1,859,839 Stock option September 16, 2020 10,236,060 Total 37,106,798 
 Exhibit A to FIGS, Inc. Equity Award Exchange Agreement 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 Exchange Notice (the Notice 
 
 To FIGS, Inc. 
 Attn Chief Legal Officer 
 
 The undersigned (the Founder ), hereby irrevocably elects to exercise her Exchange Right pursuant to that certain Equity Award Exchange Right Agreement, dated as of , 2021 (the Agreement ), by and among FIGS, Inc. (the Company and the individuals listed on Exhibit A thereto, to require the Company to exchange Eligible Class A Shares (the Exercised Shares for a number of Class B Shares of equivalent value as determined on the date of the Exchange, subject to the terms of this Notice and the Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in the Notice have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. 
 
 By executing this Notice, Founder hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows 
 
 1. Acknowledgements . Founder acknowledges and affirms that her representations and warranties set forth in Section 2.1 of the Agreement as of the date of this Notice are true and correct. 
 
 2. Restricted Securities Rule 144 . The Founder understands that the Class B Shares to be issued upon any Exchange are characterized as restricted securities under the Securities Act because such shares are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering and in exchange for shares acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving a public offering, and that under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder the Class B Shares may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances, and subject to the restrictions under the Company s certificate of incorporation. Such Founder understands and hereby acknowledges that the Class B Shares must be held indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is otherwise available. Such Founder is aware of the provisions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, which permit limited resales of shares purchased in a transaction not involving a public offering, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 
 3. Legends . It is understood that any certificate or book entry position representing the Class B Shares will bear legends in substantially the following form (in addition to any legend required under applicable state securities laws or agreements to which Founder is a party) 
 
 THE SHARES EVIDENCED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES. THESE SHARES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE ISSUER OF THESE SHARES MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION 
 Exhibit B to FIGS, Inc. Equity Award Exchange Agreement 

OTHERWISE COMPLIES WITH THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 
 4. Tax Matters . The Founder has reviewed with her own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the Founder s Equity Awards and the potential acquisition of Class A Shares thereunder, the Exchange Right and the potential Exchange for Class B Shares, and the other transactions contemplated by the Agreement. Founder is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, except for the representations and warranties of the Company expressly set forth in Section 2.2 of the Agreement. 

FOUNDER 
 
 DATE 
 
 Exhibit B to FIGS, Inc. Equity Award Exchange Agreement 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 figs-20221231xexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of FIGS, Inc. 
 
 None. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 figs-20221231xexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-256585) pertaining to the Amended 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, 2021 Equity Incentive Award Plan and 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of FIGS, Inc., of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of FIGS, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of FIGS, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 figs-20221231xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Catherine Spear, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FIGS, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 By s Catherine Spear Catherine Spear Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 figs-20221231xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Daniella Turenshine, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FIGS, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 By s Daniella Turenshine Daniella Turenshine Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 figs-20221231xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of FIGS, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Catherine Spear, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 By s Catherine Spear Catherine Spear Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 figs-20221231xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of FIGS, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniella Turenshine, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 By s Daniella Turenshine Daniella Turenshine Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 16
 figs-20221231xexx991.htm
 EX-99.1

figs-20221231xexx991 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to the GAAP financial measures set forth herein, FIGS, Inc. we has included certain non-GAAP financial measures within the meaning of Regulation G and Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K. We use net income, as adjusted, diluted EPS, as adjusted, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin to provide useful supplemental measures that assist in evaluating our ability to generate earnings, provide consistency and comparability with our past financial performance, and facilitate period-to-period comparisons of our core operating results as well as the results of our peer companies. We calculate net income, as adjusted as net income adjusted to exclude transaction costs, expenses related to non-ordinary course disputes, other than temporary impairment of held-to-maturity investments, stock-based compensation expense, including expense related to award modifications, accelerated performance awards and ambassador grants in connection with our IPO, and expense resulting from the retirement of the Company's previous CFO, and the income tax impact of these adjustments. We calculate diluted earnings per share, as adjusted as net income, as adjusted divided by diluted shares outstanding. We calculate adjusted EBITDA as net income adjusted to exclude: other income (loss), net; gain/loss on disposal of assets; provision for income taxes; depreciation and amortization expense; stock-based compensation and related expense; transaction costs; and expenses related to non-ordinary course disputes. We calculate adjusted EBITDA margin by dividing adjusted EBITDA by net revenues. We have provided herein reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures. Please refer to the reconciliation tables that follow. 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 in thousands, except share and per share information) Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 159,775 195,374 Restricted cash - 2,056 Accounts receivable 6,866 2,441 Inventory, net 177,976 86,068 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 11,883 7,400 Total current assets 356,500 293,339 Non-current assets Property and equipment, net 11,024 7,613 Operating lease right-of-use assets 15,312 - Deferred tax assets 10,971 10,239 Other assets 1,257 560 Total non-current assets 38,564 18,412 Total assets 395,064 311,751 Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities Accounts payable 20,906 14,604 Operating lease liabilities 3,408 - Accrued expenses 26,164 24,677 Accrued compensation and benefits 3,415 6,464 Sales tax payable 3,374 3,728 Gift card liability 7,882 5,590 Deferred revenue 2,786 596 Returns reserve 3,458 2,761 Income tax payable - 3,973 Total current liabilities 71,393 62,393 Non-current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current 15,756 - Deferred rent and lease incentive - 3,542 Other non-current liabilities 176 243 Total liabilities 87,325 66,178 Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity Class A common stock par value 0.0001 per share, 1,000,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 159,351,307 and 152,098,257 shares issued and outstanding as of Decemeber 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 16 15 Class B common stock par value 0.0001 per share, 150,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 7,210,795 and 12,158,187 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively - 1 Preferred stock par value 0.0001 per share, 100,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; zero shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 - - Additional paid-in capital 268,606 227,626 Retained earnings 39,117 17,931 Total stockholders equity 307,739 245,573 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 395,064 311,751 FIGS, INC. BALANCE SHEETS As of 

2022 2021 2022 2021 in thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) 3,391 12,596 21,186 (9,556) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense 637 403 1,924 1,424 Deferred income taxes 244 (2,282) (732) (3,732) Non-cash operating lease cost 662 - 2,381 - Stock-based compensation 11,170 12,859 37,458 81,139 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 1,502 2,324 (4,425) 3,339 Due from related party - 501 - - Inventory (9,888) (16,712) (91,908) (36,333) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,987 2,645 (4,483) (735) Other assets 481 36 (197) 127 Accounts payable (106) 659 6,315 2,855 Accrued expenses (6,097) 2,913 1,487 17,983 Deferred revenue 1,550 (3,884) 2,190 (1,185) Accrued compensation and benefits (1,801) 348 (3,049) 2,250 Returns reserve 34 (439) 697 1,084 Sales tax payable (329) (1,707) (354) 652 Income tax payable - 1,467 (3,973) 4,428 Gift card liability 1,889 2,003 2,292 2,571 Deferred rent and lease incentive - (40) - (117) Operating lease liabilities (735) - (2,071) - Other non-current liabilities (39) 243 (67) 243 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 4,552 13,933 (35,329) 66,437 Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment (1,092) (704) (5,348) (2,712) Purchases of held-to-maturity securities - - (500) - Net cash used in investing activities (1,092) (704) (5,848) (2,712) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock in initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts - - - 95,881 Payments of initial public offering issuance costs, net of reimbursements - - - (780) Payment of debt issuance and financing costs - (12) - (181) Proceeds from capital contributions - - 479 1,301 Proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases 733 259 3,043 907 Tax payments related to net share settlements on restricted stock units - - - (21,556) Net cash provided by financing activities 733 247 3,522 75,572 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 4,193 13,476 (37,655) 139,297 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period 155,582 183,954 197,430 58,133 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 159,775 197,430 159,775 197,430 FIGS, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Three months ended December 31, Year ended December 31, (unaudited) 

2022 2021 2022 2021 in thousands, except share and per share information) Net revenues 144,898 128,699 505,835 419,591 Cost of goods sold 46,050 38,696 151,375 118,370 Gross profit 98,848 90,003 354,460 301,221 Operating expenses Selling 37,649 25,641 118,449 81,923 Marketing 21,428 16,606 77,692 58,713 General and administrative 36,511 31,322 120,653 149,602 Total operating expenses 95,588 73,569 316,794 290,238 Net income from operations 3,260 16,434 37,666 10,983 Other income (loss), net Interest income (expense) 880 (63) 1,708 (239) Other income (expense) (502) (60) (647) (885) Total other income (loss), net 378 (123) 1,061 (1,124) Net income before provision for income taxes 3,638 16,311 38,727 9,859 Provision for income taxes 247 3,715 17,541 19,415 Net income and comprehensive income (loss) 3,391 12,596 21,186 (9,556) Earnings (loss) attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders Basic earnings (loss) per share 0.02 0.08 0.13 (0.06) Diluted earnings (loss) per share 0.02 0.06 0.11 (0.06) Weighted-average shares outstanding basic 166,181,027 163,798,354 165,268,185 159,177,713 Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted 180,892,774 197,977,552 187,547,474 159,177,713 Three months ended December 31, (unaudited) Year ended December 31, FIGS, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

2022 2021 2022 2021 in thousands except margin) Net income (loss) 3,391 12,596 21,186 (9,556) Add (deduct): Other income (loss), net (378) 122 (1,061) 1,124 Provision for income taxes 246 3,715 17,541 19,415 Depreciation and amortization expense(1) 638 403 1,924 1,424 Stock-based compensation and related expense(2) 11,197 13,101 37,533 83,516 Transaction costs 1,139 Expenses related to non-ordinary course disputes(3) 4,671 1,976 10,128 8,183 Adjusted EBITDA 19,765 31,913 87,251 105,245 Net Revenues 144,898 128,699 505,835 419,591 Net income (loss) margin(4) 2.3 9.7 4.2 (2.3) Adjusted EBITDA Margin 13.6 24.8 17.2 25.1 (1) Excludes amortization of debt issuance costs included in Other income (loss), net. (2) Includes stock-based compensation expense and payroll taxes related to equity award activity. (4) Net income (loss) margin represents Net income (loss) as a percentage of Net revenues. 2022 2021 2022 2021 in thousands, except share and per share information) Net income (loss) 3,391 12,596 21,186 (9,556) Add (deduct): Transaction costs 59 145 2,019 Expenses related to non-ordinary course disputes(1) 4,671 1,976 10,128 8,183 Stock-based compensation expense in connection with the IPO and other(2) 5,700 56,084 Other(3) 500 500 Income tax impacts of items above (350) (1,761) (2,808) (843) Net income, as adjusted 8,212 18,570 29,151 55,887 Diluted EPS, as adjusted 0.05 0.09 0.16 0.30 Weighted-average shares used to compute Diluted EPS, as adjusted(4) 180,892,774 197,977,552 187,547,474 189,082,110 (3) Includes other than temporary impairment of held-to-maturity investments. (4) We adjust the weighted-average number of shares outstanding for the dilutive effect of potential common equivalent shares in each period presented. FIGS, INC. RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP MEASURES The following table reflects a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net income, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP: (2) Includes certain stock-based compensation expenses including expense related to award modifications, accelerated performance awards and ambassador grants in connection with the IPO, and expense resulting from the retirement of the Company's previous CFO. Year ended December 31, (unaudited) Year ended December 31, (unaudited) (1) Represents legal fees incurred in connection with certain of the litigation claims described in the section titled Legal Proceedings appearing in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Three months ended December 31, (unaudited) The following table presents a reconciliation of diluted EPS, as adjusted and net income, as adjusted to net income, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP: Three months ended December 31, (unaudited) (3) Represents legal fees incurred in connection with certain of the litigation claims described in the section titled Legal Proceedings appearing in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 figs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 figs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 figs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 figs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 figs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

