<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_75340_0001410578-23-000383.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8462586</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>160347</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1260589</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2912660</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1448522</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2455440</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000383.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329123531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000383
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			P&F INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000075340
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METALWORKING MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3540]
		IRS NUMBER:				221657413
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05332
		FILM NUMBER:		23773750

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 BROADHOLLOW ROAD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(631)694-9800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 BROADHOLLOW ROAD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PLASTICS & FIBERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19671225

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000383.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 tmb-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification Number) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large, accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for the complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its manage ment s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the Registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the last sale price on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately . For purposes of this calculation, shares of Common Stock held by each executive officer and director have been excluded since those persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of March 20, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Class A Common Stock outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates by reference information from the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2023. 

Table of Contents 
 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 4 Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 5 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 10 Item 2. Properties 10 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 11 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 11 PART II 12 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 12 Item 6. [Reserved] 12 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 13 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 26 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 27 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 58 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 58 Item 9B. Other Information 59 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 59 PART III 59 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 59 Item 11. Executive Compensation 59 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 59 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 59 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 59 PART IV 60 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 60 Signatures 64 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the Reform Act provides a safe harbor for forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 made by or on behalf of P F Industries, Inc., and subsidiaries (the Company ). The Company and its representatives may, from time to time, make written or verbal forward-looking statements, including statements contained in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report ), and in its reports to stockholders. Any statements made in the Report that are not historical or current facts may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Generally, the inclusion of the words believe, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, will, may, would, could, should and their opposites and similar expressions identify statements that constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of the Reform Act. Any forward-looking statements contained herein, including those related to the Company s future performance, are based upon the Company s historical performance and on current plans, estimates and expectations. Such forward looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those risk factors described in Item 1A of Part I, Risk Factors of this Report, which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. You are therefore cautioned against relying on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. Business P F Industries, Inc. P F is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1963. P F (together with its subsidiaries, the Company conducts its business through a wholly-owned subsidiary, Continental Tool Group, Inc. Continental ), which in turn operates through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation Florida Pneumatic and Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. Hy-Tech ). Exhaust Technologies Inc. ETI ), Universal Air Tool Company Limited UAT and Jiffy Air Tool, Inc. Jiffy ), are all wholly-owned subsidiaries of Florida Pneumatic. The business of Air Tool Service Company ATSCO operates through a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hy-Tech. In October 2019, the Company through a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hy-Tech, acquired substantially all the operating assets comprising the businesses of Blaz-Man Gear, Inc. and Gear Products Manufacturing, Inc., each an Illinois-based corporation that manufactured and distributed custom gears. In January 2022, the Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hy-Tech, acquired (the JGC Acquisition ), substantially all the operating assets comprising the business of Jackson Gear Company JGC ). Blaz-Man Gear, Inc., Gear Products Manufacturing, Inc., and JGC comprise nearly all of Hy-Tech s Power Transmission Group operations. Florida Pneumatic Florida Pneumatic directly, and through its wholly-owned subsidiaries ETI, UAT, and Jiffy, imports, manufactures, and markets pneumatic hand tools of its own design, primarily to the retail, industrial, automotive and aerospace markets. Its products include sanders, grinders, drills, saws, and impact wrenches. These tools are similar in appearance and function to electric hand tools, but are powered by compressed air, rather than by electricity or a battery. Air tools, as they are more commonly referred to, generally offer better performance, and weigh less than their electrical counterparts. Florida Pneumatic imports and/or manufactures approximately 75 types of pneumatic hand tools, most of which are sold at prices ranging from 50 to 1,000, under the names Florida Pneumatic, Universal Tool , Jiffy Air Tool , AIRCAT, NITROCAT, as well as under the trade names or trademarks of several private label customers. These products are sold to retailers, distributors, manufacturers and private label customers through in-house sales personnel and manufacturers representatives. The AIRCAT and NITROCAT brands of pneumatic tools are sold primarily to the automotive service and repair market automotive market ). Users of Florida Pneumatic s hand tools include industrial maintenance and production staffs, do-it-yourself mechanics, professional automobile mechanics and auto body personnel. Jiffy manufactures and distributes pneumatic tools and components primarily to aerospace manufacturers. There are redundant supply sources for nearly all products purchased. The primary competitive factors in the industrial and automotive pneumatic tool market are quality, breadth and availability of products, customer service, technical support, price, and brand name awareness. The primary competitive factors in the retail pneumatic tool market are price, service, and brand-name awareness. The primary competitive factors in the aerospace market are quality, technology, and service levels. Florida Pneumatic s products are sold directly to the retailers, direct to customers and through distributors. Currently, there is minimal seasonality to Florida Pneumatic s revenue. Jiffy manufactures the majority of its products in the United States. It sources its raw materials from various well-established suppliers throughout the United States. There are redundant sources for all materials. During 2022, Florida Pneumatic sourced approximately 14 of its pneumatic tools from China, 9 come from Vietnam, and 71 from Taiwan with the balance from Japan, Europe and domestically. Florida Pneumatic performs final assembly on certain of its products at its factory in Jupiter, Florida. Hy-Tech Hy-Tech designs, manufactures, and markets industrial tools, systems, gearing, accessories, and a wide variety of replacement parts under various brands including ATP, NUMATX, and Thaxton. Hy-Tech produces and sells heavy-duty pneumatic impact tools, grinders, air motors, hydro-pneumatic riveters, hydrostatic test plugs, impact sockets and custom gears, with prices ranging from less than 100, to more than 62,000. Hy-Tech s Engineered Solutions products are sold directly to Original Equipment Manufacturers OEMs ), and industrial branded products are sold through a broad network of specialized industrial distributors serving the power generation, petrochemical, aerospace, construction, railroad, mining, ship building and fabricated metals industries, among others. Hy-Tech works directly with its 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 industrial customers, designing and manufacturing products from finished components to complete turnkey systems to be sold under their own brand names. Hy-Tech s Power Transmission Group , commonly referred to as PTG , produces spiral bevel and straight bevel gears along with a wide variety of other gearing. These products are sold direct to OEMs, end-users and gearbox repair companies. PTG works directly with its customer s engineering departments to design or redesign gears or gearboxes to optimize a solution for functionality and manufacturability. Nearly all Hy-Tech products are manufactured at its facilities in the United States of America. Hy-Tech does distribute ATP branded impact sockets, striking wrenches and accessories imported from India and Asia. The sales of Hy-Tech products through various channel and direct customers are managed by both direct sales personnel and a network of specialized manufacturer representatives. Further, its products are sold as standard off-the-shelf and also customized to be sold for customer specific specifications. The business is not seasonal but may be subject to periodic outage and maintenance schedules in refineries, power generation and chemical plants. The value proposition for Hy-Tech s products is quality, design engineering expertise, product availability, breadth of products, responsive customer service and readily available technical support. Hy-Tech sources its raw materials from various well-established suppliers throughout the United States. There are redundant sources for all materials. Patents, Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property The Company holds several patents, trademarks, and copyrights of various durations, and it believes that it holds or licenses all the patent, trademark, copyright, and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct its business. Customers During 2022 and 2021 the Company had one customer, The Home Depot, that accounted for 21.2 and 26.1 , respectively, of its consolidated revenue. Further, accounts receivable on December 31, 2022, and 2021 due from this customer were 24.3 and 35.9 , respectively, of total accounts receivable. Other than the aforementioned customer, in 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any customer that accounted for more than ten percent of its consolidated revenue. Employees The Company employed 172 full-time employees as of December 31, 2022. At various times during the year its operating units may employ seasonal or part-time help, as necessary. None of the Company s employees are represented by a union. Information Available on the Company s Website Additional information regarding the Company and its products is available on the Company s website at www.pfina.com . The information on the Company s website is not, and should not be considered, part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference to this report. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors A wide range of factors could materially affect our performance. In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results elsewhere in this report, the following factors, among others, could adversely affect our business, including our results of operations or financial position: 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Business and Operational Risks Risks related to the global outbreak of COVID-19 and other public health crises. The Company faces risks related to pandemics, epidemics, and other public health crises, including the global outbreak of COVID-19, which has reached and disrupted areas in which the Company has operations, suppliers, customers and employees. The COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken by governments and others in response have resulted in, and may continue to cause, the slowdown of the businesses of certain of the Company s customers and the closure of certain of the Company s customers facilities which in turn has reduced and may continue to reduce demand for some of the Company s products. Additionally, certain of the Company s products and parts are manufactured overseas. From time to time during the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, there have been delays in receiving products from certain of the Company s overseas suppliers due to health-related problems at the overseas suppliers or along the supply chain. Should these delays reoccur, the Company would be unable to predict the ultimate duration of such disruptions in supply, whether products or parts from other suppliers will also be delayed, whether such disruptions will become material to the Company and whether, if necessary, the Company will be able to secure such products or parts from alternate suppliers on favorable terms or at all. Moreover, the Company may need to close certain of its facilities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has also impacted the Company s operations, including by causing many of its employees to work remotely or in shifts designed to minimize exposure. There is also a heightened risk that a significant portion of the Company s workforce will suffer illness or otherwise not be permitted or be unable to work. The Company cannot predict whether any of these disruptions will continue or whether its operations will experience more significant or frequent disruptions in the future. Any measures the Company implements to mitigate these risks and disruptions may not be successful. 
 Additional public health crises could also emerge in the future, including other pandemics or epidemics. Such public health crises could pose further risks to the Company and could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. Risks associated with sourcing from overseas . We import finished goods and component parts. Any difficulty or inability on the part of manufacturers of our products or other participants in our supply chain in obtaining sufficient financing to purchase raw materials or to finance general working capital needs, their inability to obtain raw materials due to shortages or other factors, or their inability to be able to maintain a sufficient workforce due to a variety of potential factors, may result in delays or non-delivery of shipments of our products. Additionally, material increases in raw material commodity prices could further adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. Although we believe that there are redundant sources available and maintain multiple sources for most of our products, there may be costs and delays associated with securing such sources and there can be no assurance that such sources would provide the same quality of product at similar prices. Further, substantially all of our import operations are subject to customs requirements and to tariffs and quotas set by governments through mutual agreements, bilateral actions or, in some cases unilateral action. Imported products and materials may, from time to time, be subject to tariffs or other trade measures in the U.S. Adverse changes in these import costs and restrictions, or our suppliers failure to comply with customs regulations or similar laws could harm our business. The implementation of additional tariffs, or increased amounts on current tariffs, on items imported by us from China or other countries could increase our costs and could result in lowering our gross margin on products sold and could cause us to have to stop supplying certain customers. Disruption in the global capital and credit markets. If global economic and financial market conditions deteriorate, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In particular, lower consumer spending may result in reduced demand and orders for certain of our products, order cancellations, lower revenues, increased inventories, and lower gross margins. Further, if our customers experience difficulty obtaining financing in the capital and credit markets to purchase our products, this could result in further reduced orders for our products, order cancellations, inability of customers to timely meet their payment obligations to us, extended payment terms, higher accounts receivable, reduced cash flows, greater expense associated with collection efforts and increased bad debt expense; and a severe financial difficulty experienced by our customers may cause them to become insolvent or cease business operations. Importation issues. Our ability to import products in a timely and cost-effective manner may also be affected by conditions at ports or issues that otherwise affect transportation and warehousing providers, such as port and shipping capacity, labor disputes, severe weather or increased homeland security requirements in the U.S. and other countries. These issues could delay importation of products or require us to locate alternative ports or warehousing providers, as well as increase our 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 costs. In addition, this could cause us to maintain higher levels of inventory, in order to avoid disruption to customers These alternatives may not be available on short notice or could result in higher transit costs, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Beginning in early 2021, we have encountered delays, sometimes severe, in receiving inventory from our Asian suppliers, in addition to materially increased costs. This has caused intermittent shortages of inventory. The major reasons for these issues include the following: increased price of fuel; shortage of shipping containers; congestion at the ports in Asia and the United States; and shortage of truck drivers in the United States. Raw Materials. Our profitability is affected by the prices of the raw materials used in the manufacturing of our products. These prices may fluctuate based on a number of factors beyond our control, including, among others, changes in supply and demand, general economic conditions, labor costs, import duties, tariffs, currency exchange rates and, in some cases, government regulation. Significant increases in the prices of raw materials or finished goods could adversely affect our profit margins, especially if we are not able to recover these costs by increasing the prices we charge our customers for our products. Customer concentration. We have several key customers, one of which accounted for approximately 21.2 of our 2022 consolidated revenue and 24.3 of our consolidated accounts receivable on December 31, 2022. Loss of key customers or a material negative change in our relationships with our key customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial position. Unforeseen inventory adjustments or changes in purchasing patterns. We make purchasing decisions based upon a number of factors including an assessment of market needs and preferences, manufacturing lead times and cash flow considerations. To the extent that our assumptions result in inventory levels being too high or too low, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial position. Market acceptance of products. There can be no assurance that the market continues its acceptance of the products we introduced in recent years or will accept new products (including the introduction of products into new geographic markets) introduced or scheduled for introduction in 2023. There can also be no assurance that the level of sales generated from these new products or geographic markets relative to our expectations will materialize. Competition. The markets in which we sell our products are highly competitive based on price, quality, availability, post-sale service and brand-name awareness. Several competing companies are well-established manufacturers that market on a global basis. Price reductions. Price reductions in response to customer and competitive pressures, as well as price reductions or promotional actions taken in order to drive demand, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial position. 
 Industry and Economic Risks Exposure to fluctuations in energy prices. Fluctuations in energy prices, including crude oil and gas prices, could negatively impact the activities of those of our customers involved in extracting, refining, or exploring for crude oil and gas, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on the demand for the products that they purchase from us. Prices for oil and gas are subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of, and demand for, oil and gas, market uncertainty and a variety of other economic factors that are beyond our control. Worldwide economic, political, and military events, including war (including the military action by Russia in Ukraine), terrorist activity, events in the Middle East and initiatives by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), have contributed, and are likely to continue to contribute, to price and volume volatility. Such volatility could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial position. The strength of the economy in the United States and abroad. Our business is subject to economic conditions in major markets in which we operate, including recession, inflation, deflation, general weakness in retail and industrial markets, as well as the exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption laws in various countries, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, currency instability, transportation delays or interruptions, sovereign debt uncertainties and difficulties in 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights, as well as natural disasters. The strength of such markets is a function of many factors beyond our control, including interest rates, employment levels, availability of credit and consumer confidence. Risks associated with Brexit. It is possible that Brexit will result in our U.K. operations becoming subject to materially different, and potentially conflicting, laws, regulations or tariffs which could require costly new compliance initiatives or changes to legal entity structures or operating practices. Adverse changes in currency exchange rates. A majority of our products are manufactured outside the United States, a portion of which are purchased in the local currency. As a result, we are exposed to movements in the exchange rates of various currencies against the United States dollar which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. We believe our most significant foreign currency exposures are the Taiwan dollar TWD and the Chinese Renminbi RMB ). Purchases from Chinese sources are made in U.S. dollars USD ). However, if the RMB were to be revalued against the dollar, there could be a significant negative impact on the cost of our products. Further, the reporting currency for our Consolidated Financial Statements is the USD. Certain of the Company s assets, liabilities, expenses, and revenues are denominated in currencies other than the USD. In preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements, those assets, liabilities, expenses, and revenues are translated into USD at applicable exchange rates. Increases or decreases in exchange rates between the USD and other currencies affect the USD value of those items, as reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Substantial fluctuations in the value of the USD could have a significant impact on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Interest rates. Interest rate fluctuations and other capital market conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial position. 
 Financing Risks Debt and debt service requirements. The amount of our debt from time to time could have important consequences. For example, it could: increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; limit our ability to fund future capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate requirements and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business. Borrowing and compliance with covenants under our credit facility. Our credit facility contains affirmative and negative covenants including financial covenants, and default provisions. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreement. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our current credit agreement, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If the lenders were to accelerate the repayment of borrowings, to the extent we have significant outstanding borrowings at said time, we may not have sufficient assets to repay our asset-based credit facility and our other indebtedness. Also, should there be an event of default, or a need to obtain waivers following an event of default, we may be subject to higher borrowing costs and/or more restrictive covenants in future periods. Further, the amount available for borrowing under our asset-based revolving loan facility is subject to a borrowing base, which is determined by taking into account, among other things, our accounts receivable, inventory and machinery and equipment. Fluctuations in our borrowing base impact our ability to borrow funds pursuant to the revolving loan facility. Impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill. The inability to generate future cash flows sufficient to support the recorded amounts of goodwill, other intangible assets and other long-lived assets could result in future impairment charges. 
 Strategic Risks Retention of key personnel. Our success depends to a significant extent upon the abilities and efforts of our key personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial position. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Acquisition of businesses. Part of our business strategy is to opportunistically acquire complementary businesses, which involve risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. These risks include: 
 Loss or significant decline in the revenue of customers of the acquired businesses; Inability to successfully integrate the acquired businesses operations; Inability to coordinate management and integrate and retain employees of the acquired businesses; Difficulties in implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems; Failure to realize anticipated synergies, economies of scale or other anticipated benefits, or to maintain operating margins; Strain on our personnel, systems and resources, and diversion of attention from other priorities; Incurrence of additional debt and related interest expense; Unforeseen or contingent liabilities of the acquired businesses; and Large write-offs or write-downs, or the impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. 
 Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks Regulatory environment. We cannot anticipate the impact of changes in laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, including tax rate changes, new tax laws and revised tax law interpretations, and environmental laws, in both domestic and foreign jurisdictions. Increased legislative and regulatory activity and burdens, and a more stringent manner in which they are applied, could significantly impact our business and the economy as a whole. Litigation and insurance. The effects of litigation and product liability exposure, as well as other risks and uncertainties described from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our public announcements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial position. Further, while we maintain insurance policies to protect against most potential exposures, events may arise against us for which we may not be adequately insured. The threat of terrorism, military actions and related political instability and economic uncertainty. The threat of potential terrorist attacks on the United States and throughout the world and political instability has created an atmosphere of economic uncertainty in the United States and in foreign markets. Our results may be impacted by the macroeconomic effects of those events. Also, a disruption in our supply chain as a result of terrorist attacks, military action or the threat thereof, may significantly affect our business and its prospects. In addition, such events may also result in heightened domestic security and higher costs for importing and exporting shipments of components and finished goods. Any of these occurrences may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, cash flow or results in any reporting period. On February 24, 2022, Russian forces launched significant military action against Ukraine. The impact to Ukraine as well as actions taken by other countries, including new and stricter sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries and companies and organizations against officials, individuals, regions, and industries in Russia, and actions taken by Russia and certain other countries in response to such sanctions, could also have a material adverse effect on our operations. Intellectual property. The Company relies upon patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws to establish and maintain its proprietary rights in many of its products. There can be no assurance that any of its patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or that any rights granted thereunder will provide competitive advantages to it. In addition, there can be no assurance that patents will be issued from pending patent applications filed by the Company, or that claims allowed on any future patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our technology or designs. Further, the laws of some foreign countries may not permit the protection of our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Business disruptions or other costs associated with information technology, cyber-attacks, system implementations, data privacy, or catastrophic losses. We rely heavily on computer systems to manage and operate our businesses, and record and process transactions. Computer systems are important to production planning, customer service and order fulfillment 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 among other business-critical processes. Consistent and efficient operation of the computer hardware and software systems is imperative to the successful sales and earnings performance. Despite efforts to prevent such situations, and loss control and risk management practices that partially mitigate these risks, our systems may be affected by damage or interruption from, among other causes, fire, natural disasters, power outages, system failures and other information security risks, such as viruses, ransomware attacks and other cyberattacks which have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign private parties and state actors. Computer hardware and storage equipment that is integral to efficient operations, such as e-mail, telephone, and other functionality, is concentrated in certain physical locations in which we operate. Additionally, we rely on software applications and enterprise cloud storage systems and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors, and our business may be adversely affected by service disruptions or security breaches in such third-party systems. Security threats and sophisticated computer crime pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, cloud storage systems, networks, services, and assets, as well as the confidentiality and integrity of some of our customers data as well as other personal identifiable information maintained by us. If we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or stakeholder information including personal identifiable information due to security breaches, including as a result of human error, technological failures or cybersecurity-related attacks, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations as well as reputational, competitive, or business harm, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. We maintain a comprehensive system of preventive and detective controls through our security programs; however, given the rapidly evolving nature and proliferation of cyber threats, our controls may not prevent or identify all such attacks in a timely manner or otherwise prevent unauthorized access to, damage to, or interruption of our systems, operations and data, and we cannot eliminate the risk of human error or employee or vendor malfeasance. 
 The risk factors described above are not intended to be all-inclusive. There can be no assurance that we have correctly identified and appropriately assessed all factors affecting our business or that the publicly available and other information with respect to these matters is complete and correct. Furthermore, the headings under which the risk factors are arranged are not necessarily exclusive, and all of the risk factors should be read in their entirety. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial also may adversely impact us. Should any risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial position. ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. ITEM 2. Properties Florida Pneumatic leases approximately 42,000 square feet in a facility located in Jupiter, Florida, which houses its corporate offices and warehouse. This lease is for a five-year period ending June 2024, which can be reduced by up to one year upon twelve months notice by either party. In August 2022, the landlord informed Florida Pneumatic that it was exercising its right to terminate this lease effective July 1, 2023. In December 2022, Florida Pneumatic entered into a new lease. This lease is for approximately 29,700 square feet in a facility located in Lake Park, Florida. Additionally, this new lease is for a period of eighty-seven months, commencing on or about July 1, 2023. Florida Pneumatic s UAT subsidiary leases a 3,100 square foot facility in High Wycombe, United Kingdom. This facility houses UAT s warehouse / distribution, as well as its office needs. This lease was renewed in 2019, for a five-year period and contains a five-year renewal clause. Jiffy s operation is located in Carson City, Nevada. This facility is 17,500 square foot and is owned by another subsidiary of Florida Pneumatic. Hy-Tech owns a 51,000 square foot plant facility located in Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania. Additionally, Hy-Tech also leases a 60,700 square foot facility located in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania. This lease expires in February 2027 and has two three-year options to renew the lease. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 The Company leases its executive office of approximately 5,600 square feet located in an office building in Melville, New York. This lease expires August 31, 2025. The Company has the right to terminate this lease effective any time after August 31, 2023, with at least one-year advance written notice to the landlord. Each facility described above either provides adequate space for the operations of the respective subsidiary for the foreseeable future or can be modified or expanded to provide some additional space. The owned properties described above are pledged as collateral against the Company s credit facility, which is discussed further in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, the Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. While the results of proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company believes that the final outcome of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, or results of operations. ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our Class A Common Stock Common Stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol PFIN. As of March 20, 2023, there were approximately 500 holders of record of our Common Stock. In March 2016, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board adopted a dividend policy pursuant to which it declared and paid cash dividends to stockholders in the amount of 0.20 per share, per annum, payable in equal quarterly installments; however, following the declaration of a quarterly dividend in February 2020, the Board suspended this dividend policy. In August 2022 and November 2022, the Board declared special cash dividends of 0.05 per share. In March 2023, the Board reinstated the dividend policy and, in connection therewith, declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.05 per share. Future dividend declarations under the dividend policy are subject to the Board s continuing determination that the dividend policy is in the best interests of the Company s stockholders and in compliance with applicable law. The dividend policy may be suspended or cancelled at the discretion of the Board at any time. ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations KEY INDICATORS Economic Measures Much of our business is driven by the ebbs and flows of the general economic conditions in both the United States and, to a lesser extent, abroad. We focus on a wide array of customer types including, but not limited to large retailers, aerospace manufacturers, large and small resellers of pneumatic tools and parts, automotive related customers, and many OEM customers. We tend to track the general economic conditions of the United States, industrial production, and general retail sales. A key economic measure relevant to us is the cost of the raw materials in our products. Key materials include metals, especially various types of steel and aluminum. Also important is the value of the United States Dollar USD in relation to the Taiwanese dollar TWD ), as we purchase a significant portion of our products from Taiwan. Purchases from Chinese sources are made in USD; however, if the Chinese currency, the Renminbi RMB ), were to be revalued against the USD, there could be a negative impact on the cost of our products. Additionally, we closely monitor the fluctuation of the Great British Pound GBP to the USD, and the GBP to TWD, both of which can have an impact on the consolidated results. We consider tariffs a key economic measure, as a significant portion of products imported by Florida Pneumatic are subject to these tariffs. Lastly, the cost and availability of a quality labor pool in the countries where products and components are manufactured, both overseas as well as in the United States, could materially affect our overall results. Operating Measures Key operating measures we use to manage our operations are orders; shipments; development of new products; customer retention; inventory levels and productivity. These measures are recorded and monitored at various intervals, including daily, weekly, and monthly. To the extent these measures are relevant, they are discussed in the detailed sections below. Financial Measures Key financial measures we use to evaluate the results of our business include various revenue metrics; gross margin; selling, general and administrative expenses; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization; operating cash flows and capital expenditures; return on sales; return on assets; days sales outstanding and inventory turns. These measures are reviewed at monthly, quarterly, and annual intervals and compared to historical periods as well as to established objectives. To the extent that these measures are relevant, they are discussed in detail below. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ). Certain of these accounting policies require us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates pertaining to such matters as inventory reserves, goodwill and intangible assets, sales discounts, and taxes. We base our estimates on historical data and experience, when available, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the combined results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions. Significant changes, if any, in those estimates resulting from continuing changes in the economic environment will be reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements in future periods. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We consider the following policies and estimates to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in the preparation of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and the uncertainties that could impact the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Revenue Recognition Our accounting policy relating to revenue recognition reflects the impact of the adoption of In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), which is discussed further in our Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. We record revenue based on a five-step model. We sell our goods on terms that transfer title and risk of loss at a specified location, which may be our warehouse, destination designated by our customer, port of loading or port of discharge, depending on the final destination of the goods. Other than standard product warranty provisions, our sales arrangements provide for no other post-shipment obligations. We offer rebates and other sales incentives, promotional allowances, or discounts to certain customers, typically related to purchase volume, and are classified as a reduction of revenue and recorded at the time of sale, using the most likely amount approach. We periodically evaluate whether an allowance for sales returns is necessary. Historically, we have experienced minimal sales returns. If we believe there are material potential sales returns, we will provide the necessary provision against sales. Performance obligations underlying our core revenue are related to the delivery of finished products to customers and do not require significant judgement or estimates. Our revenue is generated through the sale of finished products and is recognized at the point in time when merchandise is transferred to the customer with a fixed payment due generally within 30 to 90 days, and in an amount that considers the impacts of estimated allowances. Further, we have made a policy election to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of the products as fulfillment costs rather than as an additional promised service. There are typically no other performance obligations in our revenue process. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) Inventories Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined by the first-in, first-out method, or moving weighted average. Our finished products inventory includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead costs, and is recorded net of an allowance for obsolete or slow-moving inventory OSMI ), as well as any unmarketable inventory. Such allowance is based upon historical experience and management s understanding of market conditions and forecasts of future product demand. Specifically, at Florida Pneumatic and Jiffy we generally place a 100 reserve on inventory that has not had any sales or usage in more than two years. Hy-Tech s methodology is primarily based on inventory turns, with inventory items that turn less frequently, receiving a greater allowance. Changes in our OSMI impact our consolidated balance sheet, gross profit, and net earnings. Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis. This test is performed as of the last day in November, or more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment might exist. The Company considers its market capitalization and the carrying value of its assets and liabilities, including goodwill, when performing its goodwill impairment test. In evaluating goodwill for impairment, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. Qualitative factors considered included, for example, macroeconomic and industry conditions, overall financial performance, and other relevant entity-specific events. If we bypassed the qualitative assessment or concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit was less than its carrying value, we then perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment to be recognized, if any. If the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeded the implied fair value of the goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in the amount of that excess, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. Intangible assets represent trademarks, customer agreements and patents related to our brands. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but instead are subject to impairment evaluation. This test is performed as of the last day in November, or more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment might exist through the use of discounted cash flow models. Assumptions used in our discounted cash flow models include: (i) discount rates; (ii) projected annual revenue growth rates; and (iii) projected long-term growth rates. Our estimates also factor in economic conditions and expectations of management, which may change in the future based on period-specific facts and circumstances. Other intangibles with determinable lives, including certain trademarks, customer agreements and patents, are evaluated for the possibility of impairment when certain indicators are present, and are otherwise amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets (currently ranging from 3 to 20 years). When conducting our impairment assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, we initially perform a qualitative evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. If it is determined by a qualitative evaluation that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, we then test the asset for recoverability. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to its future discounted net cash flows. If the carrying amount of such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED) Income Taxes We account for income taxes using the asset and liability approach. This approach requires the recognition of current tax assets or liabilities for the amounts refundable or payable on tax returns for the current year, as well as the recognition of deferred tax assets or liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences that can arise between (a) the amount of taxable income and pretax financial income for a year, such as from net operating loss carryforwards and other tax credits, and (b) the tax bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates. The impact on deferred tax assets and liabilities of changes in tax rates and laws, if any, is reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements in the period enacted. Further, we evaluate the likelihood of realizing a benefit from our deferred tax assets by estimating future sources of taxable income and the impact of tax planning strategies. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns and future profitability. Changes in estimates, due to unanticipated events or otherwise, could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We continually evaluate our deferred tax assets to determine if a valuation allowance is required. When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while other positions are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the consolidated financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. OVERVIEW During 2022, significant factors that impacted our results of operations were the: Jackson Gear Company business acquisition in early 2022. Economic uncertainty negatively impacted revenue and income, especially in the non-industrial sectors. Increased raw material costs negatively impacted gross margin, especially during the first half of 2022. Weak customer mix and an increase of obsolete and slow-moving inventory charges at Hy-Tech, which negatively impacted its gross margin. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations TRENDS AND UNCERTAINTIES INTERNATIONAL SUPPLY CHAIN During the third and fourth quarters of 2021, and early 2022, we encountered severe delays in receiving inventory from our Asian suppliers, which led to intermittent shortages of inventory, however, delays begun to ease somewhat during the latter portion of 2022. Our ocean freight costs, which increased in some cases five-fold during the latter half of 2021 and for much of 2022, have also begun to decline, but are still well in excess of pre-pandemic levels. As a result, we incurred higher costs and delayed deliveries for much of 2022. Further, we believe the following factors negatively impacted our 2022 results: Increased price of fuel; Shortage of shipping containers; Congestion at the ports in Asia and the United States. 
 At the present time, we believe that some or all of the above-mentioned supply chain disruptions will likely continue for some time in fiscal 2023. While we believe that most of the related costs associated with the issues discussed above have been factored into our selling price, there is no assurance that we will be able to pass through any future additional direct costs or costs incurred related to our international supply chain issues in the future. DOMESTIC TRANSPORTATION COSTS For much of fiscal 2022, due to the shortage of vehicle operators in the U.S., we often encountered difficulty in moving goods from the ports of entry to our facilities, as well as arranging for shipments to deliver to our customers. Additionally, we have encountered increases in the costs for these transportation services. It is unclear when or if this situation will abate. As such, these issues will likely affect the Company for the foreseeable future impacting our overall margins and possibly depressing sales. IMPACT OF INFLATION/GEOPOLITICAL ISSUES Increasing prices, most notably in freight/transportation, the cost of raw materials and labor had a material effect on our results of operations during 2022. We believe that the current and projected levels of inflation, as well a fear of a possible economic recession will continue to adversely impact our operating costs. As such, at the present time, we are unable to reasonably estimate the impact these issues will have on our results of operations for the foreseeable future. During 2022, we do not believe we were directly materially impacted by the Russia-Ukraine conflict, however we cannot predict what impact this conflict may have on our results in the future. BOEING The Federal Aviation Administration FAA and the European Union Aviation Safety Agency EASA have lifted the grounding of the 737 MAX, which enabled the aircraft to return to service in 2021. China, a large market for this aircraft, had grounded all 737 MAX aircraft beginning in March 2019, permitted a 737 MAX aircraft to make its first passenger flight in January 2023. Boeing is currently holding completed 737 MAX aircraft destined for Chinese carriers. However, we believe that in spite of the recent positive developments, production at Boeing of its 737 MAX aircraft is likely to remain below the production levels that existed prior to the grounding of certain Boeing aircraft and the COVID-19 pandemic for at least the next several quarters. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations TRENDS AND UNCERTAINTIES - Continued TECHNOLOGIES We believe that over time, several newer technologies and features will have a greater effect on the market for our traditional pneumatic tool offerings. So far, the greatest impact has been on the automotive aftermarket with the advent of advanced cordless operated tools. Currently, we do not offer a cordless tool to the automotive aftermarket. However, with respect to the industrial market, we have developed for one of our largest OEM customers a tool mechanism that is incorporated into a major line of their cordless power tools. These tools have been in full production with our supplied system for several years and our sales of this product have continued to grow over that time. We continue to analyze the practicality of developing or incorporating newer technologies in our tool platforms for other markets as well. This includes adding our internally developed mechanisms to existing cordless power sources as well as producing complete cordless tool systems. OTHER MATTERS Other than the trends and uncertainties mentioned above, or matters that may be discussed below, there are no major trends or uncertainties that had, or we could reasonably expect to have a material impact on our revenue and operations, nor was there any unusual or infrequent event, transaction or any significant economic change that materially affected our results of operations. Unless otherwise discussed elsewhere in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, we believe that our relationships with our key customers and suppliers remain satisfactory. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 2022 compared to 2021 REVENUE The tables set forth below provide an analysis of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Consolidated 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) Percent of Percent of Revenue revenue Revenue revenue Florida Pneumatic 41,398,000 70.1 41,488,000 77.5 (90,000) (0.2) Hy-Tech 17,643,000 29.9 12,066,000 22.5 5,577,000 46.2 Total 59,041,000 100.0 53,554,000 100.0 5,487,000 10.2 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Continued REVENUE (Continued) Florida Pneumatic Florida Pneumatic markets its air tool products to four primary sectors within the pneumatic tool market; Automotive, Retail, Aerospace, and Industrial. It also generates revenue from its Berkley products line, as well as a line of air filters and other OEM parts Other ). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) Percent of Percent of Revenue revenue Revenue revenue Automotive 13,699,000 33.1 14,543,000 35.1 (844,000) (5.8) Retail 12,523,000 30.3 13,995,000 33.7 (1,472,000) (10.5) Aerospace 8,658,000 20.9 7,184,000 17.3 1,474,000 20.5 Industrial 5,958,000 14.4 5,289,000 12.7 669,000 12.6 Other 560,000 1.3 477,000 1.2 83,000 17.4 Total 41,398,000 100.0 41,488,000 100.0 (90,000) (0.2) 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Continued REVENUE (Continued) Florida Pneumatic s full year 2022 revenue is slightly less 90,000) than the prior year. Its 2022 Retail revenue declined 10.5 , when comparing the fiscal 2022 to the prior year. This decline was driven by several factors, including: a) sluggishness in consumer demand at The Home Depot THD ), most notably occurring during the fourth quarter of 2022, as we believe rising interest rates and the general economy softness; b) lower sales of certain tools that enjoyed higher than usual volume during 2021, such as spray guns, which are used to combat the COVID-19 virus, and c) an effort by THD to lower its own inventory levels. 2022 Automotive revenue also declined when compared to 2021. The primary factors for the 5.8 reduction, were weak consumer demand occurring in the United States and, to a lesser extent, in Europe. Further, we believe this weakness in demand for our AIRCAT line of automotive products similar to the decline in Retail revenue, was driven by global rising interest rates and slowing economies. Both the above product lines are affected by the consumer market. Partially offsetting the above declines was a 20.5 increase in Florida Pneumatics higher gross margin, Jiffy product line. The key factor driving this increase throughout the year was stronger demand in 2022 from both the commercial and military sectors. Most of the Aerospace revenue is attributable to Jiffy Air Tool. Lastly, Florida Pneumatic s Industrial revenue continued its growth during 2022 that commenced in the latter half of 2021. Its 2022 revenue increased 12.6 over 2021, which increased 51.9 over 2020. The primary factors driving this growth are an improved supply chain and increased demand in the foundry, metal fabrication, manufacturing, and assembly sectors. Hy-Tech Hy-Tech designs, manufactures, and sells a wide range of industrial products which are categorized as ATP for reporting purposes. In addition to Engineered Solutions, products and components manufactured for other companies under their brands are included in the OEM category in the table below. PTG revenue is comprised of products manufactured and sold by Hy-Tech s gear business. NUMATX, Thaxton and other peripheral product lines, such as general machining, are reported as Other. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) Percent of Percent of Revenue revenue Revenue revenue OEM 8,688,000 49.2 5,842,000 48.4 2,846,000 48.7 PTG 5,602,000 31.8 2,846,000 23.6 2,756,000 96.8 ATP 2,850,000 16.2 3,024,000 25.1 (174,000) (5.8) Other 503,000 2.8 354,000 2.9 149,000 42.1 Total 17,643,000 100.0 12,066,000 100.0 5,577,000 46.2 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Continued REVENUE (Continued) A key factor driving the 46.2 increase in Hy-Tech s fiscal 2022 revenue, compared to the prior year was the acquisition of JGC that occurred in January 2022, which significantly contributed to the PTG revenue improvement of 96.8 , or more than 2,750,000. (See Note 2- Acquisition, for further discussion related to this acquisition). Additionally, Hy-Tech s OEM revenue increased 48.7 over the prior year. This improvement is due primarily to increased shipments to a major OEM customer, and to a lesser extent, improved general market conditions in 2022, compared to 2021 during which Hy-Tech was impacted by the slowdown caused by the COVID global pandemic. The gross profit generated from the shipments to this OEM customer is less than historical OEM gross profit. The key factor for the increase in Hy-Tech s Other revenue was a large one-time order for its Thaxton products. The decline (5.8 in ATP revenue was driven by two factors; first, Hy-Tech s ATP products continue to be price-challenged by off-shore suppliers, and second, the Company s decision in 2021 to focus more of its design and marketing efforts on its OEM suite of products. GROSS MARGIN 

Year Ended December 31, Increase 2022 2021 Amount Florida Pneumatic 16,484,000 15,274,000 1,210,000 7.9 As percent of respective revenue 39.8 36.8 3.0 pts Hy-Tech 2,455,000 2,073,000 382,000 18.4 As percent of respective revenue 13.9 17.2 (3.3) pts Total Tools 18,939,000 17,347,000 1,592,000 9.2 As percent of respective revenue 32.1 32.4 (0.3) pts Florida Pneumatic s Aerospace revenue generates stronger margins than its other product lines. Aerospace revenue increased as a percentage of Florida Pneumatic s revenue, which in turn was a major factor in the improved gross margin. The vast majority of Florida Pneumatic s Aerospace revenue is generated through the sale of the JIFFY product line. Additionally, other factors that contributed to Florida Pneumatic s 300 basis point improvement were, its ability during fiscal 2022 to pass through some of the increases it incurred in ocean and domestic freight costs, as well as favorable foreign exchange rates, mostly related to the Taiwanese dollar. It should be noted that Florida Pneumatic s ocean freight costs, particularly during the second half of 2021 through mid-2022 increased approximately five-fold, when compared to pre-pandemic rates. Our ocean freight costs have declined somewhat during the second half of 2022, but still remain above pre-pandemic levels. These improvements to gross margin were partially offset by increased warranty costs related to The Home Depot. Warranty costs lag in relation to shipments. As such, we believe these costs will decline over time. Hy-Tech manufactures most of its products. Its gross margin is significantly affected by customer/product mix. Specifically, its largest OEM customers generates lower than average gross margin. We are continuing to increase prices and reduce manufacturing costs without jeopardizing the relationship with this major customer. Additionally, factors such as absorption of manufacturing overhead, raw material pricing, third-party costs, and the supply chain issues have affected its overall gross margin. Specifically, during 2022, Hy-Tech has encountered higher raw material, freight, and outside third-party vendor costs, all adversely affecting its gross margin in 2022. Further, during the latter portion of 2022 as Hy-Tech realigned its marketing and sales strategy, it determined that certain customers and products would no longer be serviced. As a result, Hy-Tech incurred an excess charge relating to obsolete, slow-moving inventory OSMI ). Further, Hy-Tech s total gross margin was impacted by weak overhead absorption at its Punxsutawney, PA. facility, due primarily to integration issues of the Jackson Gear Company acquisition that occurred during the first quarter of 2022. We believe these issues will be corrected during the second quarter of 2023. SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A include salaries and related costs, commissions, travel, administrative facilities, communications costs and promotional expenses for our direct sales and marketing staff, administrative and executive salaries, and related benefits, legal, accounting, and other professional fees as well as general corporate overhead and certain engineering expenses. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Continued REVENUE (Continued) Our SG A expenses during 2022 were 20,373,000, compared to 19,856,000, in 2021. Significant factors that contributed to the net change include: i) Compensation expenses increased 676,000. Compensation expense is comprised of base salaries and wages, accrued performance-based bonus incentives and associated payroll taxes and employee benefits. Several factors contributed to this increase, among them the staffing added in connection with the JGC acquisition, increased wages primarily related to retention incentives and annual wage adjustments and increases in company-wide bonus/incentive/performance accruals. ii) Professional fees and expenses increased 305,000, due primarily to legal, accounting, and other fees incurred in connection with the JGC acquisition. Other expenses that contributed to the increase in professional fees included ongoing cyber security/prevention costs, recruitment fees and legal fees associated with regulatory initiatives. iii) Bad debt expense increased 96,000, when comparing 2022 to 2021. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we made several attempts to resolve and collect past due invoices from one customer, to no avail. It is extremely unlikely that we will be able to collect from this customer. iv) Our depreciation and amortization increased 94,000 as the result of additional equipment purchased throughout the year and equipment and intangible assets acquired in connection with the Jackson Gear Company acquisition. v) Temporary labor and stock-based compensation expense increased 35,000 and 36,000, respectively. vi) Our variable expenses decreased 499,000. Driving this decline were significantly lower advertising costs at Florida Pneumatic, caused by a change in a distribution channel strategy. vii) Our computer-related expenses declined 280,000. During the second quarter of 2021, we incurred approximately 288,000 in costs related to the May 2021 ransomware attack at our Florida Pneumatic subsidiary, where no such costs were incurred during 2022. IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS During 2022 and 2021, we reduced by 48,000 and 88,000, respectively, the carrying value of certain not-in-use fixed assets to their fair value. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Continued REVENUE (Continued) OTHER INCOME In accordance with current accounting guidance, we recorded a gain of 19,000 during the fourth quarter of 2022 related to the early termination of a real property lease. In December 2021, we completed the process of determining and verifying our eligibility and amount of payroll tax credits known as the Employee Retention Credit ERC ). This resulted in filing certain amended payroll tax forms, which, in the aggregate, totaled 2,028,000 of payroll tax credits. During 2022, we received approximately 112,000 of the ERC. In January 2023, we received approximately 1,677,000 of the ERC. The ERC is subject to federal and local tax. Pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), on April 20, 2020, we received a Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan, in the amount of 2,929,000. Under the terms of the CARES Act, as amended, we were eligible to apply for forgiveness for all or a portion of the PPP loan. In February 2021, we filed an application for forgiveness with the lender, who approved this submission and submitted the application for forgiveness to the SBA. On June 9, 2021, we were advised that the SBA had approved our PPP loan forgiveness application. Accordingly, the lender applied the funds it received from the SBA and paid off PPP loan principal and interest in full. In accordance with accounting guidance, this forgiveness of debt and related accrued interest was accounted for as Other Income and Interest Expense Net, in 2021, and was not considered as taxable income. INTEREST EXPENSE NET 

Year Ended December 31, (increase) decrease 2022 2021 Amount Interest expense attributable to: Short-term borrowings 353,000 47,000 (306,000) (651.1) PPP loan (18,000) (18,000) (100.0) Amortization expense of debt issue costs 16,000 16,000 Other (6,000) 6,000 NA Total 363,000 45,000 (318,000) (706.7) 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Continued The most significant factor causing the increase in our short-term borrowings interest expense was the growth in the prime rate during 2022. The Applicable Margin, as defined in our Credit Agreement during fiscal 2022 ranged from 1.5 to 2.10 applied to LIBOR /SOFR borrowings and from 0.50 to 1.60 applied to Base rate borrowings. The interest charged on Base rate borrowings, (effectively borrowings at Prime rate) before adding Applicable Margin increased from 3.25 in January 2022 to 7.50 at December 31, 2022. Further, the interest rate before the Applicable Margin for LIBOR / SOFR term borrowings increased from an average of 1.61 in January 2022 to an average of 6.20 for borrowing in December 2022. Our average monthly borrowings under the Credit Facility during fiscal 2022 ranged from 7,852,000 to 12,654,000. The average monthly short-term borrowing during fiscal 2022 was 9,845,000, compared to 2,686,000 during the prior year. The increase was driven by the Jackson Gear Company business acquisition in January 2022 (See Note 2). Additional working capital needs are due to the anticipated growth, and a roll-out of a tools program to our retail customer. Our Revolver borrowings increased significantly in the first half of 2022 and began to decline during the second half of 2022. At December 31, 2022 our borrowing under the Credit Facility was net 7,570,000. (See Liquidity and Capital Resources for further discussion). The amortization expense is related to the debt issue costs associated with amendments to our banking facility. Lastly, Other relates to interest income in connection with Tax refunds received in fiscal 2022. INCOME TAX EXPENSE The benefit from income taxes was 376,000 in 2022, compared to 2,000 in 2021. Significant factors impacting the 2022 net effective tax benefit rate were non-deductible permanent differences, and state and local taxes. The net effective tax benefit for 2022 was (20.3 ). See Note 11 Income Taxes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES We monitor such metrics as days sales outstanding, inventory requirements, accounts payable and capital expenditures to project liquidity needs, as well as evaluate return on assets. Our primary source of funds is our Revolver Loan Revolver with our bank. We gauge our liquidity and financial stability by various measurements, some of which are shown in the following table: 

December 31, 2022 2021 Working capital 20,838,000 24,598,000 Current ratio 2.44 to 1 3.04 to 1 Shareholders equity 41,956,000 43,840,000 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Credit Facility Currently our Credit Facility, which is discussed in detail in Note 7 - Debt, is the primary source of funding our operations. Further, this Credit Facility was amended in March 2023. See Note 13 Subsequent events for further discussion. Additionally, should the need arise whereby the current Credit Facility is insufficient; we could obtain additional funds based on the value of our real property. Cash Flows For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by operating activities was 3,288,000, compared to cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, of 4,149,000. At December 31, 2022, our consolidated cash balance was 667,000, compared to 539,000 at December 31, 2021. Cash at our UAT subsidiary on December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 49,500 and 190,000, respectively. We operate under the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement. As a result, all domestic cash receipts are remitted to Capital One lockboxes. Our total debt to total book capitalization (total debt divided by total debt plus equity) on December 31, 2022, was 15.3 , compared to 11.6 on December 31, 2021. Capital spending during the year ended December 31, 2022, was 2,374,000, compared to 642,000 in 2021. Capital expenditures currently planned for 2023 are approximately 2,600,000 which we expect will be financed through the Credit Facility. The major portion of these planned capital expenditures will be for new metal cutting equipment, tooling and information technology hardware and software. Our liquidity and capital is primarily sourced from our credit facility, described in Note 7 - Debt, to our Consolidated Financial Statements, and cash provided by operations. At December 31, 2022, we had 7,678,000 available to us from the revolver portion of the credit facility. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had 7,235,000 of open purchase order commitments, compared to 16,331,000 at December 31, 2021. Customer concentration During 2022, we had one customer that accounted for 21.2 of our consolidated revenue, compared to 26.1 in 2021. Further, accounts receivable on December 31, 2022, and 2021 due from this customer were 24.3 and 35.9 , respectively, of total accounts receivable. IMPACT OF INFLATION During 2022, with respect to our cost of inventory, we encountered price increases in raw materials, imported parts and tools, ocean freight and labor. It is difficult to accurately determine what portion of these increases are attributable to inflation. During the latter half of fiscal 2022, we were able to begin to successfully pass through most of the above-mentioned price increases. We intend to continue to actively manage the impact of inflation on our results of operations, however, we cannot reasonably estimate possible future impacts at this time. See ITEM 1A -Risk Factors Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements Please refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report for a discussion of recently adopted accounting pronouncements and new accounting pronouncements that may impact us. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Not Required 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID 28 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 30 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 32 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 33 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 34 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 36 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of P F Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of P F Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Valuation of Goodwill and Indefinite Lived Intangibles (Note 1 and Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) Critical Audit Matter As disclosed in the consolidated financial statements, goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles are tested for impairment annually at the reporting unit level on November 30 unless an interim test is required due to the presence of indicators that goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles may be impaired. Significant judgment is exercised by management in determining if impairment is present and at what amount. As a part of this determination, significant estimation is required to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. Fair value is estimated by management based on an income approach using a discounted cash flow model. In particular, the fair value estimates are sensitive to significant assumptions such as the operating performance projections, terminal growth rate, industry factors, and discount rates. Given these factors, auditing management s quantitative impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets involved especially challenging, subjective, and complex auditor judgment and increased audit effort. How Our Audit Addressed the Critical Audit Matter Our principal audit procedures related to the Company s annual goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles impairment test included the following, among others: We gained an understanding of and evaluated the design and implementation of the Company s controls that address the risk of material misstatement related to potential impairment, including methods, data, and significant assumptions used in developing the discounted cashflow analysis as well as the reasonableness of the underlying data used by the Company in its analyses; We evaluated management s significant accounting policies related to impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for reasonableness; We evaluated significant judgments made by management, including the identification of two reporting units along with a separate unit to capture the corporate overhead; We evaluated management s ability to estimate future cash flows, including projected revenues, by performing a retrospective review of select Company historical cash flow forecasts; We evaluated management s projected revenues and cash flows by comparing the projections to the underlying business strategies and growth plans and performed a sensitivity analysis related to the key inputs to projected cash flows, including revenue growth rates, to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting unit that would result from changes in assumptions; With the assistance of our firm s valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge in valuation methods and models, we tested the Company s discounted cash flow models, including certain assumptions including the terminal value and discount rates; and We evaluated management s reconciliation of the fair value measurements from the individual reporting units discounted cash flows to the Company s market capitalization. 
 /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. March 29, 2023 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash Accounts receivable net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Land Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization NET PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT GOODWILL OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS net DEFERRED INCOME TAXES net RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS OPERATING LEASES OTHER ASSETS net TOTAL ASSETS The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Short-term borrowings Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued other liabilities Current lease obligations operating leases TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES Non-current lease obligations operating leases Other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock - par; authorized - shares; shares issued Common Stock: Class A - par; authorized - shares; issued on December 31, 2022 and on December 31, 2021 Class B - par; authorized - shares; shares issued Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost shares on December 31, 2022 and 2021 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net revenue Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Impairment of assets held for sale Operating loss ) ) Other income Loss on sale of fixed assets ) ) Interest expense ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) Income tax benefit Net (loss) income ) Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive loss - foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated Class A Common Additional other Stock, 1 Par paid-in Retained Treasury stock comprehensive Total Shares Amount capital earnings Shares Amount loss Balance, January 1, 2022 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Exercise of Stock Options Restricted Common Stock compensation Stock - based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Dividend ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Accumulated Class A Common Additional other Stock, 1 Par paid-in Retained Treasury stock comprehensive Total Shares Amount capital earnings Shares Amount loss Balance, January 1, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Restricted Common Stock compensation Stock - based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used) in operating activities: Non-cash charges: Depreciation Amortization of other intangible assets Operating lease expense Amortization of debt issue costs Amortization of consideration payable to customer Recovery of provision for losses on accounts receivable Stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation options exercised Restricted stock-based compensation Loss on disposal of fixed assets ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Fair value adjustment of assets held for sale Gain on early termination of lease ) Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loan ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities net of acquisition: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued other liabilities ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total adjustments ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale or disposal of machinery and equipment Purchase of the net assets of the Jackson Gear Company business ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Dividend payments ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net proceeds from short-term borrowings Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash at beginning of year Cash at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for: Interest Income taxes Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Right of Use ROU assets recognized for new operating lease liabilities The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 types of pneumatic hand tools, most of which are sold at prices ranging from to , under the names Florida Pneumatic, Universal Tool , Jiffy Air Tool , AIRCAT, NITROCAT, as well as under the trade names or trademarks of several private label customers. These products are sold to retailers, distributors, manufacturers and private label customers through in-house sales personnel and manufacturers representatives. The AIRCAT and NITROCAT brands of pneumatic tools are sold primarily to the automotive service and repair market automotive market ). Users of Florida Pneumatic s hand tools include industrial maintenance and production staffs, do-it-yourself mechanics, professional automobile mechanics and auto body personnel. Jiffy manufactures and distributes pneumatic tools and components primarily to aerospace manufacturers. Hy-Tech designs, manufactures, and distributes industrial tools, pneumatic systems, gearing, accessories, and a wide variety of replacement parts under various brands including ATP, NUMATX, Thaxton and Power Transmission Group. These tools, etc. are sold at prices ranging from under to more than . Hy-Tech s Engineered Solutions products are sold direct to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), and industrial branded products are sold through a broad network of specialized industrial distributors serving the power generation, petrochemical, aerospace, construction, railroad, mining, ship building and fabricated metals industries, among others. Hy-Tech works directly with its industrial customers, designing and manufacturing products from finished components to complete turnkey systems to be sold under their own brand names. Hy-Tech s Power Transmission Group , commonly referred to as PTG , produces spiral bevel and straight bevel gears along with a wide variety of other gearing. These products are sold direct to OEMs, end-users and gearbox repair companies. PTG works directly with its customers engineering departments to design or redesign gears or gearboxes to optimize a solution for functionality and manufacturability. Nearly all of Hy-Tech brands are manufactured in the United States of America. Hy-Tech markets ATP branded impact sockets, striking wrenches and accessories that are imported from India and Asia. 
 36 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 . The Company did however, have net positive cash flow, with positive cash flow from operations. At December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital of . Further, the Company had borrowing availability on its bank facility of at December 31, 2022. Lastly, the Company is not in default on any bank covenant and believes its relationship with the bank is good. See Note 7 Debt, for further discussion. 
 37 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 . The Company analyzes its revenue as follows: ) ) Retail ) ) Aerospace Industrial Other Total ) ) 
 38 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 PTG ATP ) ) Other Total and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 39 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 in excess of the FDIC insured amount. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk consist principally of accounts receivable. The Company had one customer that accounted for and of its consolidated accounts receivable at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Further, this customer accounted for and of the Company s consolidated revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was no other customer that accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated revenue in 2022 or 2021. . Minor replacements and maintenance and repair items are charged to expense as incurred. Upon disposal or retirement of assets, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Depreciation of buildings and machinery and equipment is computed by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Buildings are depreciated over periods ranging from to , and machinery and equipment is depreciated over periods ranging from to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the lease or the useful life of the related asset, whichever is shorter. 
 40 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Continued to . Long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of any impairment loss for long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible assets that management expects to hold and use is based on the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset. . Certain products carry limited lifetime warranties. The Company s typical warranties require it to repair or replace the defective products during the warranty period at no cost to the customer. At the time the product revenue is recognized, the Company records a liability for estimated costs. The costs are estimated based on revenue and historical experience and have not been material. The Company periodically assesses the adequacy of its warranty liability and adjusts the amounts, as necessary. While the Company believes that its estimated liability for product warranties is adequate and that the judgment applied is appropriate, the estimated liability for the product warranties could differ materially in the future. 
 41 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Continued 
 42 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 square feet in a facility located in Lake Park, Florida. This new lease is for a period of , commencing on July 1, 2023. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, in Operating lease expense. The following is a maturity analysis of the annual undiscounted cash flows reconciled to the carrying value of the operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years Weighted average discount rate 
 43 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Continued , and , respectively. Denominator: Denominator for basic (loss) earnings per common share weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive securities (1) Denominator for diluted (loss) earnings per common share adjusted weighted average common shares and assumed conversions 

 (1) Dilutive securities consist of the in the money stock options. In the event of a loss, options are considered anti-dilutive and are therefore not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share. The average anti-dilutive options outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were and , respectively. 
 44 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Continued 
 45 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 million in cash, which was funded by the Company s Revolver (as defined in Note 7) borrowings, and the assumption of certain payables. The Company has incorporated this business into its PTG business and believes that the Acquisition will provide added market exposure into the market for larger gears. In connection with the Acquisition, the Company entered into the Consent, Joinder and Amendment No. 9 Amendment No. 9 to the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), with Capital One, National Association. Amendment No. 9, among other things, provided consent to the Acquisition. The following table presents the purchase price allocation: Inventories Machinery and equipment Customer relationships Goodwill Liabilities assumed ) Total purchase price The excess of the total purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired is being presented as goodwill. Goodwill is amortized over for tax purposes, but not deductible for financial reporting purposes. All identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization are amortized over their useful lives for book purposes and are amortized over for tax purposes. The following unaudited pro-forma combined financial information gives effect to the Acquisition as if the transaction was consummated on January 1, 2021. This unaudited pro-forma financial information is presented for information purposes only and is not intended to present actual results that would have been attained had the Acquisition been completed as of January 1, 2021 (the beginning of the earliest period presented) or to project potential operating results as of any future date or for any future periods. Net Income Earnings per share basic Earnings per share diluted 
 46 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts, sales discounts, and chargebacks ) ) Net Accounts Recievable at January 1, 2021 was . 
 47 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Work in process Finished goods of goodwill at Hy-Tech. The result of the Company s impairment test as of November 30, 2022, determined that both Florida Pneumatic s or Hy-Tech s fair value exceeded the carrying value and, as such, no impairment to goodwill assets was recorded. Goodwill Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows: Currency translation adjustment ) Balance, January 1, 2022 Goodwill attributable to the acquisition of JGC business (See Note 2) Currency translation adjustment ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 48 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Trademarks and trade names (1) Trademarks and trade names Engineering drawings Non-compete agreements (1) Patents Totals 

 (1) A portion of these intangibles are maintained in a foreign currency and are therefore subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. 
 The weighted average amortization period for intangible assets was as follows: Trademarks and trade names Engineering drawings Non-compete agreements Patents Amortization expense for each of the next five years and thereafter is estimated to be as follows: 

2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 49 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 revolver line Revolver ), subject to certain borrowing base criteria. Additionally, there is a line of credit for capital expenditures Capex Loan ), with available for future borrowings. Revolver and Capex Loan borrowings are secured by the Company s accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, and real property, among other things. P F and certain of its subsidiaries are borrowers under the Credit Agreement, and their obligations are cross guaranteed by certain other subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement expires on February 8, 2024. See Note - 13 Subsequent events. On April 12, 2022, we entered into Amendment No. 10 Amendment No. 10 to the Credit Agreement, which among other things: Increased the Revolving Commitment by , to through June 30, 2022; Removed a cap on inventory availability through June 30, 2022; Prohibited any Capex Loans through June 30, 2022; and Implemented Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the new benchmark interest rate immediately, in lieu of London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). 
 Until the effective date of Amendment No. 10, at the Company s option, Revolver borrowings bore interest at either LIBOR or the Base Rate, as the terms are defined in the Credit Agreement, plus an Applicable Margin, as defined in the Credit Agreement. Additionally, the Company was subject to limitations on the number of LIBOR borrowings. As noted above, effective April 12, 2022, the Company began applying SOFR rates instead of LIBOR. The Company continues to have the option to borrow funds at either SOFR or Base Rate. The change from LIBOR to SOFR did not have a significant effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company provides Capital One with monthly borrowing base certificates, and in certain circumstances, is required to deliver monthly financial statements and certificates of compliance with various financial covenants. Should an event of default occur the interest rate would increase by percent per annum during the period of default, in addition to other remedies provided to Capital One. At December 31, 2022, short-term or Revolver borrowing was , compared to , at December 31, 2021. Applicable Margin Rates at December 31, 2022, were and , respectively for SOFR borrowings and and ,respectively, for Base rate borrowings at December 31, 2021. Additionally, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and , respectively, available to the Company under its Revolver portion of the Credit Facility. The average balances of short-term borrowings from our Bank for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 50 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 , as provided pursuant to the CARES Act. The PPP loan was unsecured and guaranteed by the Small Business Administration. To facilitate the PPP loan, the Company entered into a Promissory Note dated April 17, 2020, with BNB Bank as the lender (the Lender ). In February 2021, in accordance with the Flexibility Act, the Company filed an application for forgiveness with the Lender, who approved this submission and subsequently submitted the Company s application to the SBA. On June 9, 2021, the Company was advised that the SBA had approved the Company s PPP loan forgiveness application and as such, the PPP loan and interest were forgiven in their entirety and recorded in 2021 as Other income in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. Additionally, the CARES Act provides an employee retention credit ERC that is a refundable tax credit against certain employer taxes. On December 27, 2020, Congress enacted the Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020, Tax Relief Act ), which amended and extended ERC availability under Section 2301 of the CARES Act. The Tax Relief Act provided for changes in the ERC for 2020 and provided an additional credit for all quarters of 2021. The Company evaluated its eligibility for the ERC and determined that it met all the criteria to claim a refundable tax credit against the employer portion of Social Security taxes equal to seventy percent of the qualified wages that the Company paid to employees for the three-month periods ended June 30 and September 30, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2010-10 to which Topic 832 gives guidance to account for transactions with a government by analogizing to a grant accounting model, which the Company s policy is the International Accounting Standard 20 model. As a result, during 2021 the Company recorded as a receivable in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and a like amount in Other income for the ERC. In August 2022, the Company received , and in January 2023, it received . 
 51 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 shares; provided, however, that any shares of Common Stock that are subject to a stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock-based award that is based on the appreciation in value of a share of Common Stock in excess of an amount equal to at least the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such other stock-based award is granted (each an Appreciation Award will be counted against this limit as one share for every share granted. Any shares of restricted stock or shares of Common Stock that are subject to any other award other than an Appreciation Award will be counted against this limit as . The maximum number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which any award of stock options, stock appreciation rights or other Appreciation Award that may be granted under the 2021 Plan during any fiscal year to any eligible employee or consultant will be shares per type of award. The maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to any award of performance shares for any performance period, other stock-based awards that are not Appreciation Awards or shares of restricted stock for which the grant of such award or the lapse of the relevant restriction period is subject to the attainment of specified performance goals that may be granted under the 2021 Plan during any fiscal year to any eligible employee or consultant will be shares per type of award. The maximum number of shares of Common Stock for all such types of awards to any eligible employee or consultant will be shares during any fiscal year. There are no annual limits on the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to an award of restricted stock that is not subject to the attainment of specified performance goals to eligible employees or consultants. The maximum value at grant of performance units which may be granted under the 2021 Plan during any fiscal year will be . The aggregate value of stock-based awards and cash-based compensation paid to any non-employee director for any fiscal year of the Company in respect of his or her service as a non-employee director cannot exceed , or for non-employee directors serving in a lead role on the Board, in each case, based on the fair market value of stock awards and the aggregate value of cash compensation, in each case determined as of the date of grant. With respect to stock options, the Committee determines the number of shares of Common Stock subject to each option, the term of each option, which may not exceed 10 years (or five years in the case of an incentive stock option granted to a 10 stockholder), the exercise price, the vesting schedule (if any), and the other material terms of each option. No stock option may have an exercise price less than the fair market value of the Common Stock at the time of grant (or, in the case of an incentive stock option granted to a 10 stockholder, of fair market value). With respect to all other permissible grants under the 2021 Plan, the Committee will determine their terms and conditions, subject to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan is the successor to the Company s 2002 Stock Incentive Plan Previous Plan see below. Stock option awards made under the Previous Plan will continue in effect and remain governed by the provisions of that plan. The Company s Previous Plan authorized the issuance to employees and directors of options to purchase a maximum of shares of Common Stock. These options had to be issued within 10 years of the effective date of the Previous Plan and are exercisable for a ten-year period from the date of grant, at prices not less than of the closing market value of the Common Stock on the date the option is granted. In the event options granted contained a vesting schedule over a period of years, the Company recognized compensation cost for these awards ratably over the service period. 
 52 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Vested, December 31, 2022 The following is a summary of changes in non-vested shares, all of which are expected to vest: Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited Non-vested shares, end of year 
 53 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 and , respectively. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation cost over the requisite service period. However, the exercisability of the respective non-vested options, which are at predetermined dates, does not necessarily correspond to the periods in which straight-line amortization of compensation expenses is recorded. Other Information At December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were and shares respectively, available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. Restricted Stock On May 20, 2022, the Company granted restricted shares of its Common Stock to each non-employee member of its Board of Directors, totaling restricted shares. The Company determined that the fair value of these shares was per share, which was the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the date of the grant. These shares cannot be traded earlier than the first anniversary of the grant date. The Company is ratably amortizing the total non-cash compensation expense of approximately to selling, general and administrative expenses through May 2023. On February 16, 2021, the Company granted restricted shares of its Common Stock to its Chief Financial Officer. The Company determined that the fair value of these shares was per share, which was the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the date of the grant. This grant will vest on each the first five anniversary dates following the date of grant. The Company will ratably amortize over the vesting period the total non-cash compensation expense of approximately , or per annum, to selling, general and administrative expenses. Treasury Stock There were changes to the Company s Treasury Stock during fiscal 2022 and 2021. 
 54 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 per share, per annum, payable in equal quarterly installments. In August 2022 and November 2022, the Board declared special cash dividends of per share. State and local ) Foreign Total current ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State and local ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) ) Totals ) ) At December 31, 2022, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately of which we have a full valuation allowance against. The state net operating losses generally expire through 2042. On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act, among other things, permitted NOL carryovers and carrybacks to offset 100 of taxable income for taxable years beginning before 2021. In addition, the CARES Act allowed NOLs incurred in tax years 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes. The NOL carryback provision of the CARES Act resulted in a benefit to the Company. In addition to the NOL changes, the CARES Act enacted the employee retention credit and modifies the limitation of business interest for tax years beginning in 2019 and 2020. The modifications to Section 163(j) increase the allowable business interest deduction from 30 of adjusted taxable income to 50 of adjusted taxable income. This modification increased the allowable interest expense deduction of the Company and resulted in less taxable income for the year ended 2020, resulting in less utilization of net operating losses. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCIA amended IRC Section 174 to require capitalization of all research and development R D costs incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2021. These costs are required to be amortized over if the R D activities are performed in the U.S., or over if the activities were performed outside the U.S. For tax reporting purposes, the Company capitalized of R D expenses incurred as of December 31, 2022. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA was signed into law in the United States. Among other provisions, the IRA includes a 15 corporate minimum tax rate which applies to certain large corporations and a 1 excise tax on corporate stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. We do not expect the IRA to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Inventory reserves Research and development expenses Warranty and other reserves Interest expense Stock-based compensation Goodwill Acquisition costs Net operating losses - federal Net operating losses - state Tax credits Other Less valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) ) Depreciation ) ) Intangibles ) ) Net deferred tax assets The Company maintains a valuation allowance against certain state net operating losses and state depreciation adjustments. The Company believes it is more likely than not that the remaining tax benefits associated with the state net operating losses and depreciation adjustments will not be realized in the foreseeable future based upon its ability to generate sufficient state taxable income. The components of (loss) income before income taxes consisted of the following: International operations ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) 
 56 

Table of Contents P F INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 NOTE 11 INCOME TAXES Continued A reconciliation of the Federal statutory rate to the net effective (benefit) tax rate is as follows: (Decrease) increase in taxes resulting from: State and local taxes, net of Federal tax benefit ) Permanent differences - net Valuation allowance ) Foreign rate differential ) CARES Act ) ) Research tax credit ) Other ) Benefit tax rate ) ) The Company files a consolidated Federal tax return. The Company and certain of its subsidiaries file tax returns in various U.S. state jurisdictions. Its foreign subsidiary, UAT, files in the United Kingdom. With few exceptions, the years that remain subject to examination are the years ended December 31, 2019, through December 31, 2022. Interest and penalties, if any, related to income tax liabilities are included in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have a liability for uncertain tax positions. and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
 (b) At December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had open purchase order commitments totaling approximately and , respectively.
 (c) From time-to-time, the Company may be a defendant or co-defendant in actions brought about in the ordinary course of conducting our business.
 Capex Loan line of credit. 
 On March 20, 2023. The Company s Board of Directors approved a dividend policy under which the Company intends to declare a cash dividend to the Company s stockholders in the amount of per share per annum, payable in equal quarterly installments. In conjunction therewith, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 31, 2023. This dividend is payable on April 6, 2023. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures None. ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s CEO and CFO, evaluated, as of December 31, 2022, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, which were designed to be effective at the reasonable assurance level. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the Company s management, including its CEO and CFO, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level at that date. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The Company s Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). This system is designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the Company s transactions and dispositions of its assets; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorizations of its management and directors; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its Management, including its CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its internal control over financial reporting, as of December 31, 2022. Management based this assessment on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013). Based on that evaluation, the Company s Management, including its CEO and CFO concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2022. Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls may not prevent or detect misstatements. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness as to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures Continued This annual report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only Management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recently completed quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. Other Information None. ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by Part III (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement in connection with its Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held in May 2023, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s year ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 11. Executive Compensation See Item 10. ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters See Item 10. ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence See Item 10. ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services See Item 10. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Page a) List of Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules, and Exhibits (1) List of Financial Statements 27 The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and its subsidiaries are included in Item 8 of Part II of this report. (2) All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted. (3) List of Exhibits 60 The following exhibits are either included in this report or incorporated herein by reference as indicated below: Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, by and among Heisman Acquisition Corp., Jackson Gear Company, Robert Jackson and Scott Jackson (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 14, 2022) 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004). 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant (Effective as of January 13, 2023) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 6, 2023). 4.1 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Filed herewith). 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of April 5, 2017, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc. (formerly known as Bonanza Holdings Corp.), Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc., Green Manufacturing, Inc., Pacific Stair Products, Inc., WILP Holdings, Inc., Woodmark International, L.P, and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2017). 10.2 Third Amended and Restated Revolver Note dated as of April 5, 2017, by the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation and Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. in favor of Capital One, National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2017). 10.3 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2017, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc. (formerly known as Bonanza Holdings Corp.), Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc., Green Manufacturing, Inc., Pacific Stair Products, Inc., WILP Holdings, Inc., Woodmark International, L.P, and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 20, 2017). 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.4 Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2018, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc., Green Manufacturing, Inc., Pacific Stair Products, Inc., WILP Holdings, Inc., Woodmark International, L.P, and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 27, 2018). 10.5 Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2018, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc., Green Manufacturing, Inc., Pacific Stair Products, Inc., WILP Holdings, Inc., Woodmark International, L.P, and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1, 2018). 10.6 Amendment No. 4 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2018, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc., Green Manufacturing, Inc., Pacific Stair Products, Inc., WILP Holdings, Inc., Woodmark International, L.P, and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 16, 2018). 10.7 Amendment No. 5 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc. and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 8, 2019). 10.8 Amendment No. 6 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc. and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 14, 2019). 10.9 Consent and Amendment No. 7 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc. and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 19, 2019). 10.10 Consent, Joinder and Amendment No. 8 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc., DaVinci Purchase Corp. and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 19, 2019). 10.11 Consent, Joinder and Amendment No. 9 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc., Hy-Tech Illinois, Inc., Heisman Acquisition Corp., and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 14, 2022). 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.12 Amendment No. 10 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc., Hy-Tech Illinois, Inc., Heisman Acquisition Corp., and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 12, 2022). 10.13 Fourth Amended and Restated Revolver Note, dated April 12, 2022, by the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation and Hy-Tech Machine, Inc. in favor of Capital One, National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 12, 2022). 10.14 Agreement, dated February 14, 2019, between Richard A. Horowitz and the Board of Directors of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 14, 2019). 10.15 Amendment No. 11 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2023, by and among the Registrant, Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., ATSCO Holdings Corp, Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., Bonanza Properties Corp., Continental Tool Group, Inc., Countrywide Hardware, Inc., Embassy Industries, Inc., Exhaust Technologies, Inc., Hy-Tech Illinois, Inc., Heisman Acquisition Corp., and Capital One, National Association, as lender and agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 24, 2023). 10.16 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2022, between the Registrant and Richard A. Horowitz. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 13, 2021). 10.17 2002 Stock Incentive Plan of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002). 10.18 2021 Stock Incentive Plan of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 26, 2021). 10.19 Form of agreement for awards of stock options to be granted under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 26, 2021). 10.20 Form of agreement for awards of restricted stock to be granted under the P F Industries, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 26, 2021). 10.21 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2018, between the Registrant and Joseph A. Molino, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 30, 2018). 10.22 Amendment No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2019, between the Registrant and Joseph A. Molino, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 5, 2019). 10.23 Amendment No. 2 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2020, between the Registrant and Joseph A. Molino, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 30, 2020). 10.24 Executive Bonus Plan of the Company (effective April 22, 2021) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 22, 2021). 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Filed herein). 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Filed herein). 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Richard A. Horowitz, Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herein). 31.2 Certification of Joseph A. Molino, Jr., Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herein). 32.1 Certification of Richard A. Horowitz, Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herein). 32.2 Certification of Joseph A. Molino, Jr., Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herein). 101 XBRL Interactive Data 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of the long-term debt securities of the Registrant may be omitted pursuant to Section (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplemental copies of these instruments to the Commission upon request. Management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the following, each formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language iXBRL ): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. A copy of any of the foregoing exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K may be obtained, upon payment of the Registrant s reasonable expenses in furnishing such exhibit, by writing to P F Industries, Inc., 445 Broadhollow Road, Suite 100, Melville, New York 11747, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. P F INDUSTRIES, INC. (Registrant) 

By: /s/ RICHARD A. HOROWITZ By: /s/ JOSEPH A. MOLINO, JR. Richard A. Horowitz Joseph A. Molino, Jr. Chairman of the Board Vice President President Principal Financial and Principal Executive Officer Accounting Officer Date: March 29, 2023 Date:March 29, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Name Title Date /s/ RICHARD A. HOROWITZ Director March 29, 2023 Richard A. Horowitz /s/ JEFFREY D. FRANKLIN Director March 29, 2023 Jeffrey D. Franklin /s/ HOWARD BROD BROWNSTEIN Director March 29, 2023 Howard Brod Brownstein /s/ KENNETH M. SCHERIFF Director March 29, 2023 Kenneth M. Scheriff /s/ MITCHELL A. SOLOMON Director March 29, 2023 Mitchell A. Solomon 
 64 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 tmb-20221231xex4d1.htm
 EX-4.1

EXHIBIT 4.1 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 As of December 31, 2022, P F Industries, Inc. (the Corporation had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which is our Class A Common Stock. Description of Class A Common Stock The following description of our Class A Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (Effective as of January 13, 2023) (the Bylaws ). The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGL ), for additional information. Authorized Capital Shares Pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation our Board of Directors is authorized to issue 7,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, 1 par value per share Class A Common Stock in addition to 2,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, 1 par value per share, and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 10 per share. As of March 20, 2023, there were 3,194,699 shares of our Class A Common Stock outstanding and no other shares outstanding. The outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Voting Rights Except as otherwise provided by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the rights of holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock that may be issued in the future, the holders of Class A Common Stock shall have the sole right to vote at meetings of stockholders and shall be entitled to one vote per share; however, in case there shall be presented for approval any proposal to: (a) effect a merger or consolidation of the Corporation; (b) dissolve the Corporation; or (c) sell, lease or exchange all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Corporation, then the holders of Class B Common Stock, if any, shall also have the right to vote on such proposal, voting together with the holders of Class A Common Stock as a single class. Our Class A Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights. Elections of directors are determined by a plurality of the votes cast, and for all other matters, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of stock present or represented at the meeting shall be the act of the stockholders. Our Board of Directors is classified, consisting of three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms. Dividend Rights Subject to the rights of holders of outstanding shares of preferred stock that may be issued in the future, the holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. To the extent there are any shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding, the holders of Class B Common Stock and the holders of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to share equally, share for share, in such dividends. Liquidation Rights Subject to any preferential rights of outstanding shares of preferred stock that may be issued in the future, holders of Class A Common Stock (together with holders of Class B Common Stock, if any) will share ratably in all assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of dissolution. 

 Other Rights and Preferences Our Class A Common Stock has no sinking fund or redemption provisions or preemptive, conversion or exchange rights. Listing The Class A Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the trading symbol PFIN. Change of Control Provisions Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control of the Corporation or change in the Corporation s management, including transactions that stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. In addition to provisions of the DGL, as well as the provisions described above, the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws include the following provisions:: (a) vacancies on our Board of Directors, and any new director positions created by the expansion of our Board of Directors, may be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, subject to certain exceptions; (b) our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholders to submit proposed nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors and other proposals for business to be brought before an annual meeting of our Stockholders; (c) our Board of Directors may issue shares of preferred stock, with designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors; (d) our Bylaws may only be amended by our Board of Directors; and (e) our Bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of our board, our President or our Board of Directors. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 tmb-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

EXHIBIT 21 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 Continental Tool Group, Inc., a Delaware Corporation Hy-Tech Machine, Inc., a Delaware Corporation ATSCO Holdings Corp., a Delaware Corporation Hy-Tech Illinois, Inc., a Delaware Corporation Heisman Acquisition Corp., a Delaware Corporation Florida Pneumatic Manufacturing Corporation, a Florida Corporation D/b/a Universal Tool D/b/a Berkley Tool Exhaust Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation Universal Air Tool Company Limited, a Company incorporated in England and Wales Jiffy Air Tool, Inc., a Delaware Corporation Bonanza Properties, Inc., a Delaware Corporation Countrywide Hardware, Inc., a Delaware Corporation Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other subsidiaries are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of December 31, 2022. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 tmb-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-22047 and File No. 333-90562) of P F Industries, Inc. of our report dated March 29, 2023 on our audits of the consolidated financial statements of P F Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of P F Industries, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ CohnReznick LLP Melville, New York March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 tmb-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Richard A. Horowitz certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of P F Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ RICHARD A. HOROWITZ. Richard A. Horowitz. Date: March 29, 2023 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 tmb-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Joseph A. Molino, Jr., certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of P F Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ JOSEPH A. MOLINO, JR. Joseph A. Molino, Jr. Date: March 29, 2023 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 tmb-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of P F Industries, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Richard A. Horowitz, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ RICHARD A. HOROWITZ Richard A. Horowitz Date: March 29, 2023 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 tmb-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 P F INDUSTRIES, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of P F Industries, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Joseph A. Molino, Jr., Principal Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ JOSEPH A. MOLINO, JR. Joseph A. Molino, Jr. Date: March 29, 2023 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 tmb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 tmb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 tmb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 tmb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

