<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1815086_0001213900-23-024726.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4137619</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>353946</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>811046</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>959558</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>987743</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>917475</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024726.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330170439
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024726
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bridgetown Holdings Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001815086
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39623
		FILM NUMBER:		23781591

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38/F CHAMPION TOWER
		STREET 2:		3 GARDEN ROAD
		CITY:			HONG KONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			000000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		85225148888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38/F CHAMPION TOWER
		STREET 2:		3 GARDEN ROAD
		CITY:			HONG KONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			000000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024726.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_bridgetown.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, N/A (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: The Stock Market LLC Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share BTWNW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share and one-third of one Redeemable Warrant BTWNU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The aggregate market value of the outstanding
share of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant,
computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market
was . 

As of March 30, 2023, there were Class
A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant
issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 23 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 23 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 25 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 29 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 29 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 30 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 30 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 35 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 37 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 39 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 40 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below)
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, 
 plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current
or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due
to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination (as defined below); 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not
held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of
risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

Unless otherwise stated,
or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

2022 Shareholders Meeting are
 to the extraordinary general meeting in lieu of the 2022 annual general meeting of shareholders we held on October 13, 2022; 

2020 Annual Report are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year end December 31, 2020, as filed with the SEC (as defined below) on March 25, 2021, and as amended on June 24, 2021 and on December 21, 2021; 

2021 Third Quarter Quarterly Report are to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the SEC on November 12,2021, and as amended on December 21, 2021; 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association currently in effect; 

ASC are to the FASB (as defined
 below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ASU are to the FASB Accounting
 Standards Update; 

board of directors, board, or directors are to the board of directors of the Company; 

business combination are to a
 merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

Bridgetown 2 are to Bridgetown 2 Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company, which was merged into PropertyGuru Group Limited (NYSE listed) in March 2022; 

Class A ordinary shares are to the Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001; 

Class B ordinary shares are to the Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001; 

Combination Period are to the period, from the closing of the initial public offering (as defined below) to October 20, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board) that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; 

Companies Law are to the Companies Law (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

Company, our company, we, or us are to Bridgetown Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

Continental 
are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our Trust Account (as defined below); 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

equity-linked securities are to any securities of our company which are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, ordinary shares of our company; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

iii 

Extension Amendment are
to the amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we must consummate a
business combination; 

Extension Redemptions 
are to the redemptions exercised by shareholders holding 44,406,317 public shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account in relation
to the Extension Amendment; 

FASB are to the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board; 

FINRA are to the Financial Industry
 Regulatory Authority; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in the private placement (defined below) and, the Class A ordinary shares issued upon the conversion of the shares of Class B ordinary shares at the time of our business combination described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares (as defined below); 

FWD a pan-Asian life insurance company which is majority owned by Pacific Century, which is an affiliate of our sponsor; 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on October 20, 2020; 

initial shareholders are to the holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

letter agreement are to the letter agreement, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (as defined below); 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

Pacific Century are to Pacific Century Group, an affiliate of our sponsor; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

PineBridge are to PineBridge Investments, an affiliate of both our sponsor and Pacific Century; 

Promissory Note are to that certain
 unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 300,000 issued by the Company to our sponsor on July 9, 2020; 

private placement are to the
 private placement of warrants that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in the private placement; 

iv 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares offered as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders and management team to the extent our initial shareholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and members of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are subscribed for in our initial public offering or in the open market); 

Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC (as defined below) on September 23, 2020 (File No. 333-249000), as amended; 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Second Promissory Note are to
 that certain unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 500,000 issued by the Company to our sponsor or December
 15, 2021; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs are to special purpose
 acquisition companies; 

sponsor are to Bridgetown LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; 

Thiel Capital are to Thiel Capital LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor; 

Third Promissory Note are to
 that certain unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 500,000 issued to our sponsor on February 8, 2022; 

Trust Account 
are to the U.S.-based Trust Account in which an amount of 594,993,510 from the net proceeds of the initial public offering and private
placement warrants was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-third of one warrant; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which include the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants; 

Withum are to the firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, which acts as our independent registered public accounting firm; and 

Working Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the initial shareholders or an affiliate of the initial shareholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company. 

v 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on May 27, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination.
We have generated no revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues at the earliest until we consummate
our initial business combination. 

Initial Public Offering 

On October 20, 2020, we consummated
our initial public offering of 59,499,351 units, including 4,499,351 units issued pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one warrant, with each whole warrant entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of 594,993,510. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor,
Bridgetown LLC, at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 9,000,000. On October 29, 2020,
simultaneously with the sale of the over-allotment units, the Company consummated a private sale of an additional 449,936 private placement
warrants to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 674,904. 

A total of 594,993,510, comprised of 583,093,640 of the proceeds
from the initial public offering (which amount includes 20,824,772 of the underwriter s deferred discount) and 11,899,870 of the
proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants, was placed in the Trust Account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

It is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial
business combination. Our management team is led by Daniel Wong, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a Director,
and Matt Danzeisen, our Chairman, who have many years of experience investing in ventures and building companies with operations. We must
complete our initial business combination by October 20, 2023. If our initial business combination is not consummated by October 20,
2023, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the Trust Account. 

Extension Amendment and Redemption 

On October 13, 2022, we held the 2022 Shareholders Meeting, and approved,
among other things, the Extension Amendment, which extended the date by which we must consummate a business combination from October 20,
2022 (which was 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering) to October 20, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by
the board). In connection with the Extension Amendment, shareholders holding 44,406,317 public shares exercised their right to redeem
such shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account. We paid cash in the aggregate amount of 447,637,640.94, or approximately 10.08
per share to redeeming shareholders in the Extension Redemption. 

Initial Business Combination 

While we may pursue an acquisition
or a business combination target in any business or industry, we focus our search on a target with operations or prospective operations
in the technology, financial services, or media sectors (the new economy sectors ), in Southeast Asia. We believe that Southeast
Asia is entering a new era of economic growth, particularly in the new economy sectors, which we expect will result in attractive initial
business combination opportunities for attractive risk-adjusted returns. 

We believe growth in the new
economy sectors will be driven by private sector expansion, technological innovation, a growing young and middle-class population, increasing
consumption, structural economic and policy reforms and demographic changes in the region. 

Our Sponsor 

Bridgetown LLC, our sponsor,
has been formed as a collaboration between Pacific Century and Thiel Capital. We may also draw upon the services of PineBridge Investments,
an affiliate of Pacific Century. 

1 

Pacific Century Group 

Founded by Mr. Richard
Li in 1993, Pacific Century is an investment group with experience investing in, building and operating businesses in Financial Services
and Technology, Media Telecommunications. In 1990, Mr. Li founded Asia s first satellite-delivered cable-TV,
Star TV (eventually sold to Rupert Murdoch s News Corp). Mr. Li founded Pacific Century Regional Developments Limited in 1994,
with Pacific Century Insurance as one of the subsidiaries (sold to Fortis in 2007). In 1999, Mr. Li, through Pacific Century, acquired
a substantial interest in PCCW (then known as Tricom Holdings Limited), which currently holds a majority interest in Viu (an OTT video
streaming platform in Asia) and HKT (a Hong Kong telecommunications service provider). In 2010, he acquired the global asset manager
PineBridge Investments from AIG. PineBridge manages 143.1 billion in assets as of December 31, 2022. The firm s private capital
arm has invested in privately held companies, including Legendary Pictures (a film production and entertainment company), FieldTurf (an
installer of artificial turf at sports fields), Tensar (a provider of technology driven solutions for soil reinforcement and ground stabilization),
Royalty Pharma (an acquiror of pharmaceutical royalties), Sodecia North America (formerly AZ Automotive; a manufacturer and supplier of
engineered metal stampings, assemblies and modules for automobile and motor vehicles). In 2013, Mr. Li established FWD, a life insurance
company launched in Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand that has since grown to span ten markets across Asia. FWD had total assets of 58.9
billion as of December 31, 2022 through organic growth and a series of acquisitions of insurance businesses from leading insurance companies.
Mr. Li was among the earliest investors in Tencent (a public Chinese conglomerate with over 400 billion market capitalization
that has major holdings in tech, film, music, and gaming), Sohu (a China-based online media, search and game service company), Sina
(a Chinese media and technology company), Hyphen Group (a fintech company in Greater Southeast Asia) and Animoca Brands (a Hong Kong-based
digital entertainment, blockchain and gamification company). Mr. Li was also a late stage investor in Chegg (an American education
technology company listed on NYSE), 91.com (a Chinese mobile app marketplace and mobile game operator which was subsequently sold to Baidu),
PPStream (a Chinese peer-to-peer streaming video network software which was subsequently sold to iQIYI) and GoTo (an e-commerce company
merged from Tokopedia and Gojek). Mr. Li was a Hong Kong representative at the APEC Business Advisory Council from 2009 to 2014.
Mr. Li is a trustee of the Li Ka- Shing Foundation, one of Asia s most active venture and technology investors. He is
also a director of Shantou University and a governor at the ISF Academy, a private school located in Hong Kong. 

Thiel Capital 

Thiel Capital is an investment
firm founded in 2011 by entrepreneur and investor Peter Thiel. Located in Los Angeles, California, Thiel Capital provides strategic
and operational support for a variety of investment initiatives and entrepreneurial endeavors. Thiel Capital and its predecessors have
incubated and launched several investment firms now with billions of dollars under management, including Founders Fund, Mithril and Valar
Ventures. Numerous other business and philanthropic ventures, including the Thiel Fellowship and Breakout Labs, have also started under
the Thiel Capital umbrella. 

Peter Thiel cofounded PayPal,
Inc., an online payments company, where he served as Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the board of directors until the
company s initial public offering and subsequent acquisition by eBay in 2002. He made the first outside investment in Meta Platforms,
Inc. (formerly Facebook, Inc.), where he served as a director until May 2022. Mr. Thiel also cofounded Palantir Technologies Inc.
and is Chairman of its board of directors. Mr. Thiel and the investment firms he founded have a track record of investing in frontier
technology companies, having provided early-stage funding for LinkedIn, Yelp, Stripe, Brex, Trumid, SoFi, SpaceX, Spotify, Airbnb,
Qoo10 and hundreds of other startups. Mr. Thiel is a partner at Founders Fund, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm investing
in science and technology companies solving difficult problems. Formed in 2005, Founders Fund has raised ten venture capital funds, manages
 11 billion in committed capital and has supported many consequential companies, including SpaceX, which designs, manufactures and
launches advanced rockets and spacecraft, and Airbnb, an online marketplace for lodging, tourism and experiences. Mr. Thiel also
cofounded Mithril, a Texas-based venture capital firm, and Valar Ventures, a New York-based venture capital firm. Thiel
Capital and Mr. Thiel are also actively involved in the financial technology space, having provided support for companies such as
Brex, a company providing cash management services for growing companies with a focus on start-ups in the life science and e-commerce space,
Social Finance, an online personal finance company providing student loan refinancing, and Trumid, an electronic bond trading platform.
Mr. Thiel is also the founder and chairman of The Thiel Foundation, which supports science, technology, and long-term thinking
about the future. In 2011 Mr. Thiel, through The Thiel Foundation, started the Thiel Fellowship, a two-year program for young
people who want to build new things instead of attending college. Fellows receive a 100,000 grant and support from The Thiel Foundation s
network of founders, investors and scientists. Past fellows include Vitalik Buterin, co-creator of Ethereum, a global, open-source platform
for decentralized applications; Lucy Guo, co-founder of Scale AI, a provider of data to train artificial intelligence applications;
Ritesh Agarwal, founder and Chief Executive Officer of OYO Rooms, a hotel chain based in India; Austin Russell, founder and Chief
Executive Officer of Luminar Technologies, Inc., which makes LIDAR equipment and software for the transportation industry; and Dylan Field,
co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Figma, Inc. a leading web-first collaborative design platform. The Thiel Foundation also houses
Breakout Labs, which backs scientist entrepreneurs working at the intersections of technology, biology, materials and energy. Investors
are cautioned that Thiel Capital and its affiliates or related entities past performance is not necessarily indicative of our future
results. 

2 

In certain circumstances,
and subject to, among other things, Thiel Capital s internal policies and procedures, contractual obligations to third parties and
applicable laws and regulations, we may seek to draw upon Thiel Capital s network and relationships to provide access to deal prospects
because of our management s belief that such network and relationships have produced high-quality, high-value deals and companies
in the past, though neither Thiel Capital nor any related entity has any obligation or duty to us or our shareholders, including without
limitation any obligation or duty to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination. We may also potentially benefit
from Thiel Capital s network and relationships in identifying companies that may be appropriate acquisition targets; however, neither
Thiel Capital nor any of its related entities is obligated to identify any such target companies. Any such activities are solely the responsibility
of our management team. 

PineBridge Investments 

We may also draw upon PineBridge s
platforms, infrastructure, personnel, network and relationships to provide access to deal prospects, along with any necessary resources
to aid in the identification, diligence, and fundraising of a target for the initial business combination. PineBridge is a private, global
asset manager with a focus on active, high conviction investing. PineBridge has approximately 230 investment professionals across asset
classes and 25 offices globally, of which 9 are in the Asia-Pacific region. Formerly AIG Investments, PineBridge has been independent
and majority-owned by Pacific Century since 2010. It manages 82.0 billion in Asia (around 57 of total assets of 143.1 billion
under management globally) as of December 31, 2022. We believe that we will benefit from PineBridge s capabilities in alternative
strategies where it focuses on select private market opportunities with unrecognized growth potential. We currently anticipate that PineBridge
may, from time to time, assist us in the identification of assets or companies that may be appropriate acquisition targets and in unlocking
their long-term value. In this respect, none of PineBridge, Pacific Century or Thiel Capital is obligated to identify any such target
assets or companies or to perform due diligence on any acquisition targets. Any such activities are solely the responsibility of our management
team. 

Business Strategy 

Our business strategy has
been and continues to be to identify and consummate an initial business combination with a company with operations or prospects in the
Southeast Asian new economy sector. We have focused on companies that complement the experience of our management team and that can benefit
from the management team s operational expertise. Our selection process leverages our management team s and our sponsor s
broad and deep network of relationships, industry expertise and proven deal-sourcing capabilities, providing us with a strong pipeline
of potential targets. Our management and sponsor have experience in: 

investing and building businesses in the financial services and technology sectors with unique market, policy and macroeconomic insights; 

managing and operating companies, setting and changing strategies, and identifying, mentoring and recruiting top-notch talent; 

developing and growing companies, both organically and inorganically, and expanding the product ranges and geographic footprints of portfolio businesses; 

executing merger and acquisition strategies to accelerate growth and create integrated value chains; 

sourcing, structuring, acquiring and selling businesses in various markets; 

partnering with other industry-leading companies to increase sales and improve the competitive position of companies; 

fostering relationships with users, sellers, capital providers and target management teams; and 

accessing the capital markets, including capital sources in Asia and America, across various business cycles, including financing businesses and assisting companies with the transition to public ownership. 

3 

Business Combination Criteria and Process 

We have identified the following
general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we have used these criteria
and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business
that only meets some, but not all of these criteria and guidelines. 

Companies with operations or prospects in the Southeast Asian new economy sectors. Based upon our management team s experience, we believe we have increased access to investment opportunities and a competitive advantage in our ability to negotiate a business combination with potential targets in the Southeast Asian new economy. Our management team s extensive experience and network of contacts provide them with an opportunity to source a target, evaluate a target, consummate a business combination with the target and help grow the target s business. 

Strong target management teams. We intend to acquire one or more businesses that have strong management teams with a proven track record of driving growth, building long-term competitive advantage and making sound strategic decisions. 

Fundamentally sound companies that have the potential to further improve their performance under our ownership. We believe our management team s experience in our target sectors as well as their network of industry contacts create opportunities to enhance the revenue and operational efficiencies of the target business, and potentially generate higher returns for our investors. 

Market leader. We seek a target that has a leading presence across an industry or segment or has leading technology or product capabilities. 

Appropriate valuations. We are a disciplined and valuation-centric investor that will invest on terms that we believe are attractive relative to market comparables that provide significant upside potential. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based on these general guidelines,
as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into
a business combination with a target business that meets some but not all of the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that
the target business meets some but not all of the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination,
which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we would
file with the SEC. 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we conduct a thorough due diligence review that encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and
employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other
information that is made available to us. We also utilize our operational and capital allocation experience. 

4 

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination
Targets 

We believe that the operational
and transactional experience of our management team and members of our sponsor and their respective affiliates and related entities and
the relationships they have developed as a result of such experience, provides us with a substantial number of potential business combination
targets. These individuals and entities have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This
network has grown through sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses and maintaining relationships with sellers, financing sources and
target management teams. Our management team and members of our sponsor and their respective affiliates and related entities have significant
experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. We believe that these networks of relationships
and this experience provides us with important sources of investment opportunities. In addition, target business candidates are brought
to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business
enterprises seeking to divest noncore assets or divisions. We currently anticipate that PineBridge may, from time to time, assist us in
the identification of assets or companies that may be appropriate acquisition targets, and while we may also draw upon PineBridge s
platforms, infrastructure, personnel, network and relationships to provide access to deal prospects, along with any necessary resources
to aid in the identification, diligence, and fundraising of a target for the initial business combination, none of PineBridge, Pacific
Century or Thiel Capital is obligated to identify any such target assets or companies or to perform due diligence on any acquisition targets.
Any such activities are solely the responsibility of our management team. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors
(or their respective affiliates or related entities) or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership
with our sponsor, officers or directors (or their respective affiliates or related entities). In the event we seek to complete our initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors (or their respective affiliates or related
entities), we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting
firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an
opinion in any other context. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within
the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or
contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

At the closing of our initial business combination, we may pay a customary
financial consulting fee to our sponsor and/or affiliates of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public
offering held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee
in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights,
relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination.
The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions
at such time and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures
relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

Other Acquisition Considerations 

In addition to our sponsor,
members of our management team directly or indirectly own our ordinary shares and/or private placement warrants, and, accordingly, may
have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our
initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a
particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as
a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Certain of our officers and
directors are employed by or affiliated with Pacific Century or Thiel Capital. Each of these entities is continually made aware of potential
investment opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination. Neither Pacific Century nor Thiel
Capital has any obligation or duty to us or to our shareholders, including without limitation any obligation or duty to present us with
any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. 

5 

Each of our directors and
officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity.
Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an
acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or
she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only
present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that,
subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, no director or officer shall be disqualified or prevented from contracting
with the company nor shall any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the company in which any director shall have an
interest be liable to be avoided. A director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested
provided that the nature of such interest shall be disclosed at or prior to its consideration or any vote thereon by the board of directors.
We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine
our ability to complete our business combination. 

In addition, while Pacific
Century is an equity owner of PineBridge, Pacific Century does not control the investment activities of PineBridge or its sponsored funds.
Any assistance that PineBridge may provide to us, will be subject to, among other things, PineBridge s internal policies and procedures,
applicable laws, contractual obligations to third parties and PineBridge s fiduciary obligations to its clients. PineBridge is under
no obligation to provide us with any assistance or to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they
become aware. 

Our officers and directors
may become an officer or director of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange
Act even before we enter a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur
with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with
our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target
business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly
renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination.
Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors.
In addition, our management will not propose any initial business combination to our shareholders unless such action is approved unanimously
by the managers of our sponsor, each of whom is affiliated with either Pacific Century or Thiel Capital. 

Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity, or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, another independent
firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an independent accounting firm
that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders
will be relying on the business judgment of our board of directors, which have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to
establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another.
Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial
business combination. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order
to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons. However, we will only complete such business
combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target,
our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which
we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares and/or other equity
interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses
that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves
more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

6 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure as
a public company makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target
business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation,
the owners of the target business would exchange their equity interests, shares and/or shares of stock in the target business for our
shares or for a combination of our shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more
certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering,
there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent
in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed
business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always
subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent
the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means
of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s
profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management team s
backgrounds makes us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may have a negative view of us since we are a blank
check company, without an operating history, and there is uncertainty relating to our ability to obtain shareholder approval of our proposed
initial business combination and retain sufficient funds in our Trust Account in connection therewith. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day
of the fiscal year (a) following October 20, 2025, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion,
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by
non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more
than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for a
business combination in the amount of 152,362,993, as of December 31, 2022, assuming no redemptions and after payment of up to 17,849,805
of deferred underwriting fees, before estimated offering and working capital expenses, in each case before fees and expenses associated
with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners,
providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio.
Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing,
we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target
business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance
it will be available to us. 

7 

Effecting our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants,
our shares, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may, although we do
not currently intend to, seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable
or in its early stages of development or growth, start-up companies or companies with speculative business plans or excess leverage,
which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt
securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial
business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us
from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company,
the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase
of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of
debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business
combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust Account. 

In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other
than the Trust Account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms
of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our
ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur
with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with
our initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon
one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses.
Our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of our board of directors, which has significant discretion in choosing the
standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome
from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination. 

If our board of directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to
acquire or an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses
in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to these requirements, our management has virtually
unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to
effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In any case, we will only
complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the
target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses,
the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for
purposes of the 80 of net assets test. 

8 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we conduct a thorough due diligence review which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management
and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information
which is made available to us. 

Any costs presently or later
incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination
is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we closely scrutinize
the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that
business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may
not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our
management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of
our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them
will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members
of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we
will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that such additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience
necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

9 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or
we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. 

Under the Nasdaq s listing
rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue Class A ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of Class A ordinary shares then issued and outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

In the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor,
directors, officers, or their respective affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either
prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares such persons may purchase.
However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions
for any such transactions. In the event our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates determine to make any such purchases
at the time of a shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the
vote necessary to approve such transaction. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions.
They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller
or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement
that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not
to exercise its redemption rights. We have adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing
shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all
trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant
to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such
purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine
that such a plan is not necessary. 

In the event that our sponsor,
directors, officers, or their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who
have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections
to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender
offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act;
however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will
comply with such rules. 

The purpose of such purchases
would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder
approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

10 

Our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates anticipate
that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates may pursue privately
negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders
following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, directors,
officers, or their respective affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders
who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against the business combination.
Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per
share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction
may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our
initial business combination. Our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases
comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
directors, officers, or their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will
only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability
for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical
requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, directors, officers,
or their respective affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5of
the Exchange Act. 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon
Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial
business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 was 152,362,993 or
 10.09 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced
by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial
holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares
they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. FWD Life Insurance Public Company Limited and FWD
Insurance Company Limited purchased an aggregate of 50,000,000 of units in our initial public offering, with the same redemption rights
as the public shareholders with respect to any units they purchased in the offering. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means
of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender
offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and
whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we
do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction
with a target company in a manner that requires shareholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a shareholder
vote to approve the proposed business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless
shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other legal reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq,
we are required to comply with Nasdaq rules. 

11 

If shareholder approval of
the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or
other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

We expect that a final proxy
statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft
proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if
we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply
with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able
to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration. 

In the event that we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being
the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote
at a general meeting in favor of the business combination. In such case, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with
us, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares held by them
and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

We expect that at the time
of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and their respective permitted transferees
will own approximately 48 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. Each public shareholder may elect to
redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

If a shareholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to
purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply
with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares
so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to
the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement
relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw
the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

12 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets
will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of
underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions
of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to
our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to
the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the
retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate
cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any
amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash
available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for
redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of Our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Shareholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to more than the aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering (the Excess Shares ). We believe this
restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their
ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates
to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision,
a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise
its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our
initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability
to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a
closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. We may waive this restriction in our sole discretion.
However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against
our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and directors have, pursuant to a letter agreement entered into with us, waived
their right to have any founder shares or public shares held by them redeemed in connection with our initial business combination. Unless
any of our other affiliates acquires founder shares through a permitted transfer from an initial shareholder, and thereby becomes subject
to the letter agreement, no such affiliate is subject to this waiver. However, to the extent any such affiliate acquires public shares
in our initial public offering or thereafter through open market purchases, it would be a public shareholder and restricted from seeking
redemption rights with respect to any Excess Shares. 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection
with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We may require our public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents, or up to
two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or
to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, rather than simply voting against the initial business
combination. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with
our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly,
a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period,
or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares
if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than
20 business days and, in the case of a shareholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days
prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance
of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the
relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

13 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The
transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on
to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption
rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of
when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the general meeting
set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with
an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder
may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to
be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our
initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for
any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares
for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders
who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business
combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target by October 20, 2023. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if No Initial Business Combination 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have only
until October 20, 2023 to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
by the end of the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or
liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination
by the end of the Combination Period. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. However, if our sponsor, officers
or directors acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written
letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period or
(ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we
provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem
our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or
upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not
subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive
number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the
amendment or the related redemption of our public shares. 

14 

FWD Life Insurance Public
Company Limited and FWD Life Insurance Company Limited purchased an aggregate of 50,000,000 of units in our initial public offering will
be entitled to liquidating distributions similar to the public shareholders with respect to any units that it may purchase in the offering. 

We expect to use the amounts
held outside the Trust Account 23,399 as of December 31, 2022) to pay for all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan
of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, if we do not complete an initial business combination prior to the end of the Combination
Period, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient
to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued
in the Trust Account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of
such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend
all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited
in the Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.09. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however,
become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure
you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. While we intend
to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors,
service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit
of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that
they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary
responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain
an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to
execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where
we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise
or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver
or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that
such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in
connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived
that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective
target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to
below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the
liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may
be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and
all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public
offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because we are a blank check company, rather than
an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only third parties
we currently expect to engage would be vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers, computer or information and technical services providers
or prospective target businesses. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our
sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of
our company. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors
and prospective target businesses. 

15 

In the event that the proceeds
in the Trust Account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust
Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.00 per
share. 

We will seek to reduce the
possibility that our sponsor has to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our sponsor will also not be
liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. We may have access to use the amounts held outside the Trust Account 23,399 as of December 31,
2022) to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated
to be no more than approximately 100,000) but these amounts may be spent on expenses incurred as a result of being a public company or
due diligence expenses on prospective business combination candidates. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined
that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for
claims made by creditors. 

If we file a bankruptcy or
winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and
subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims
deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if
we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is
not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims
will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
Trust Account only upon the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public
shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or
to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by October 20, 2023 or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all
of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by October 20, 2023, subject to applicable law.
In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek shareholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination
alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such
shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

16 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to
us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide dissenting
public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other
things, that: 

prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general
meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to tender their
shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) in each
case subject to the limitations described herein; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, obtain an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting in favor of the business combination; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated by the end of the Combination Period, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the Trust Account; 

to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we have instructed the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account, we will likely receive less interest on the funds held in the Trust Account, which will likely reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. 

These provisions cannot be
amended without the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares. In the event we seek shareholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we
may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative
vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general meeting
in favor of the business combination. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and will continue to encounter intense competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our
available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore,
our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available
to us for our initial business combination and our issued and outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent,
may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating an initial business combination. 

17 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our directors and
officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity.
Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an
acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or
she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only
present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that,
subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, no director or officer shall be disqualified or prevented from contracting
with the company nor shall any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the company in which any director shall have an
interest be liable to be avoided. A director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested
provided that the nature of such interest shall be disclosed at or prior to its consideration or any vote thereon by the board of directors.
We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine
our ability to complete our business combination. 

In addition, while Pacific
Century is an equity owner of PineBridge, Pacific Century does not control the investment activities of PineBridge or its sponsored funds.
Any assistance that PineBridge provides to us, is subject to, among other things, PineBridge s internal policies and procedures,
applicable laws, contractual obligations to third parties and PineBridge s fiduciary obligations to its clients. PineBridge is under
no obligation to provide us with any assistance or to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they
become aware. 

In certain circumstances,
and subject to, among other things, Thiel Capital s internal policies and procedures, contractual obligations to third parties and
applicable laws and regulations, we may seek to draw upon Thiel Capital s network and relationships to provide access to deal prospects,
though neither Thiel Capital nor any related entity has any obligation or duty to us or our shareholders, including without limitation
any obligation or duty to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination. We may also potentially benefit from Thiel
Capital s network and relationships in identifying companies that may be appropriate acquisition targets; however, neither Thiel
Capital nor any of its related entities is obligated to identify any such target companies. Any such activities are solely the responsibility
of our management team. 

In addition to our sponsor,
members of our management team may directly or indirectly own our ordinary shares and/or private placement warrants following our initial
public offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate
business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of
interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors
was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent
any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below
(i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay
taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access
to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and
our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only third parties we currently expect to
engage would be vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers, computer or information and technical services providers or prospective target
businesses. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be
responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not
asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

18 

Employees 

We have one (1) officer
as of the date of this Report. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters
but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs and intend to continue doing so until we have completed our
initial business combination. The amount of time that our officers or any other members of our management team devotes in any time period
may vary based on the current stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our units,
Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file
annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain
financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public auditors. 

We will provide shareholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be
audited in accordance with the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may
acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal
proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential
acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in
the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures
audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal
controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase
the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of
any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be
a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following October 20, 2025, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year
period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Exempted companies are Cayman
Islands companies wishing to conduct business outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions
of the Companies Law. As an exempted company, we have applied for and have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands
government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years
from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains
or appreciations shall apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations
or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable (1) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other
obligations or (2) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital
by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

19 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of
material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we
may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed
time frame; 

our
expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we
may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our
officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have
conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we
may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of shareholders requesting
redemption; 

we
may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market
price of our shares at that time; 

you
may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

Trust Account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

20 

an
active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the
availability to us of funds from interest income on the Trust Account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the
business combination; 

our
financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record
of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there
may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with
completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination; 

we
may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial
public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent
in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will
be released from the Trust Account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them
to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including,
for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

since
our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with
respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors
may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public shareholders would experience losses in connection with their investment,
a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business
combination; 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a
 failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete
 our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

21 

the
value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal
price paid for them, even if the trading price of our ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share; 

resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

in
March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business
combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed
to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination.
The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate the Company at an earlier
time than we might otherwise choose; 

if
we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome
compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify
our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination
and instead liquidate the Company; 

to
mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we instructed the trustee
to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an interest bearing
demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, we
receive no interest on the funds held in the Trust Account, which will likely reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders may receive
upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

our
sponsor is a Cayman Islands limited liability company and Daniel Wong, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a director,
as well as one of the managers of our sponsor, is a resident of Hong Kong SAR. Additionally, Richard Li, who indirectly owns the sole
member of our sponsor, is a citizen of Canada and a resident of Hong Kong SAR. Therefore, we may not be able to complete an initial business
combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval
by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the
United States; 

22 

recent
increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial
business combination; 

military
conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

there
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and 

If
we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately
report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect
our business and operating results. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry,
including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The funds in our operating account and our trust account are held in
banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing accounts would exceed any applicable
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance
or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds, or that affect financial
institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks,
our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by
the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions
that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds will not experience similar
issues. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial
financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access
to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with
a potential business combination, or at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition
or results of operations, and our prospects. Our business may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict
at this time, there may be additional risks that we have not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative
consequences directly or indirectly from any failure of one or more banks or other financial institutions. 

For
the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors previously disclosed in our (i)
final prospectus filed with the SEC on October 19, 2020, (ii) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended September
30, 2021 filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021, (iii) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period ended March 31, 2022, filed
with the SEC on May 12, 2022, (vi) Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 filed with the SEC on December
21, 2021, (v) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022, and (vi)
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022. Any
of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional
risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose changes
to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive office is located
at c/o 38/F Champion Tower, 3 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong and our telephone number is +852 2541 8888. Our executive offices are provided
to us by our sponsor at no charge. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our
executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management,
there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against
any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary
shares and public warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols BTWNU, BTWN and
 BTWNW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on October 16, 2020, and our Class A ordinary shares and public warrants
commenced public trading separately on December 7, 2020. 

(b) Holders 

On March 30, 2022, there was
one holder of record of our units, three holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, seven holders of record of our Class B ordinary
shares, and four holders of record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The
payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial
condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business
combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently
contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in
connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree
to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 

For a description of the use
of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 5 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds
from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the Registration Statement. Our specific investments in our trust
account may change from time to time. 

On October 13, 2022, we instructed
Continental to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing
demand deposit account at Morgan Stanley, with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earlier of the consummation of our
initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, the remaining
proceeds from the initial public offering and private placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers 

On
October 13, 2022, we held an extraordinary general meeting in lieu of the 2022 annual general meeting of shareholders and approved, among
other things, the Extension Amendment, which extended the date by which we must consummate a business combination from October 20, 2022
(which was 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering) to October 20, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the
board). In connection with the Extension Amendment, shareholders holding 44,406,317 public shares exercised their right to redeem such
shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account. We paid cash in the aggregate amount of 447,637,640.94, or approximately 10.08
per share to redeeming shareholders in the Extension Redemptions. 

24 

The following table contains
monthly information about the repurchases of our equity securities for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 (a) Total 
 number of 
 shares (or units) 
 purchased 
 (b) Average 
 price paid 
 per share 
 (or unit) 
 (c) Total 
 number of 
 shares (or units) 
 purchased as 
 part of 
 publicly 
 announced 
 plans or 
 programs 
 (d) Maximum 
 number 
 (or approximate 
 dollar value) 
 of shares 
(or units) 
 that may yet 
 be purchased 
 under the 
 plans or 
 programs 
 
 October 1 October 31, 2022 
 44,406,317 
 10.08 

November 1 November 30, 2022 

December 1 December 31, 2022 

Item 6. Reserved 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section
regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking
statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed
in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands on May 27, 2020 formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination with one or more businesses.
While we may pursue a business combination target in any business or industry, we are focusing our search on a target with operations
or prospective operations in the technology, financial services, or media sectors in Southeast Asia. We intend to effectuate our business
combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares,
debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will
be successful. 

Extension Amendment and Redemption 

On October 13, 2022, we held
the 2022 Shareholders Meeting and approved, among other things, the Extension Amendment, which extended the date by which we must consummate
a business combination from October 20, 2022 (which was 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering) to October 20, 2023
(or such earlier date as determined by the board). In connection with the Extension Amendment, shareholders holding 44,406,317 public
shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account. We paid cash in the aggregate amount of
 447,637,640.94, or approximately 10.08 per share to redeeming shareholders in the Extension Redemptions. 

25 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational
activities and those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering, described below. We do not expect to generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on marketable securities held after the initial public offering. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of
being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in
connection with searching for, and completing, a business combination. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net income of 23,216,044, which consisted of change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 20,366,950 and interest
earnings on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 4,550,111, offset by formation and operating costs of 1,701,017. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had net income of 89,047,007, which consisted of change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 92,635,679 and interest
earnings on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 330,450, offset by formation and operating costs of 3,919,122. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On October 20, 2020, we consummated
the initial public offering of 55,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per units, generating gross proceeds of 550,000,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 6,000,000 private placement warrants to the sponsor at a price
of 1.50 per private placement warrant generating gross proceeds of 9,000,000. 

On October 29, 2020, we issued
an additional 4,499,351 units issued for total gross proceeds of 44,993,510 in connection with the underwriters partial exercise
of their over-allotment option. Simultaneously with the partial closing of the over-allotment option, we also consummated the sale of
an additional 449,936 private placement warrants at 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating total proceeds of 674,902. 

Following the initial public
offering, the partial exercise of their over-allotment option and the sale of the private placement warrants, a total of 594,993,510
was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 26,628,771 in transaction costs, including 8,174,902 of underwriting fees net of 2,724,968
reimbursed from the underwriters, 17,849,805 of deferred underwriting fees and 604,064 of other offering costs. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,933,708. Net income of 23,216,044 was affected by change in fair value of warrant
liabilities of 20,366,950, and interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 4,550,111. Changes in operating
assets and liabilities used 232,691 of cash from operating activities. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 2,258,971. Net income of 89,047,007 was affected by change in fair value of warrant
liabilities of 92,635,679, and interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 330,450. Changes in operating assets
and liabilities provided 1,660,151 of cash from operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 152,362,993. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in
the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account, which interest shall be net of taxes payable
and excluding deferred underwriting commissions, to complete our business combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account
to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a business
combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target
business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash of 23,399. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform
business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target
businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure,
negotiate and complete a business combination. 

On October 13, 2022 we instructed
Continental to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing
demand deposit account at Morgan Stanley, with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earlier of the consummation of our
initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, the remaining
proceeds from the initial public offering and private placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

26 

In order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination,
we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a business combination does
not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from
our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.50
per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

On July 9, 2020, we issued
the Promissory Note to our sponsor, pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The Promissory
Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2020 or (ii) the completion of our initial public offering.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 300,000 outstanding, which is currently due on demand. 

On December 15, 2021, we issued
the Second Promissory Note of 500,000 to our sponsor. The Second Promissory Note is due on the earlier of (i) the date on which we consummate
an initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. 

On February 8, 2022, we issued
the Third Promissory Note to our sponsor of 500,000. The Third Promissory Note carries no interest and is due on the earlier of (i) the
date on which we consummate an initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. Our sponsor
has waived rights to the Trust Account under all notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 1,000,000 and 500,000, respectively,
outstanding under the Second and Third Promissory Notes, respectively. 

Going Concern 

The Company intends to complete
a business combination by the end of the Combination Period. However, in the absence of a completed business combination, the Company
may require additional capital. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to
conserve liquidity. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms,
if at all. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s ASU Topic 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about
an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until October 20, 2023 to consummate a business combination.
It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated
by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity
condition and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets
or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the end of the Combination Period. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below. 

27 

The underwriters are entitled
to a deferred fee of 0.30 per unit, or 17,849,805. A portion of such amount, not to exceed 25 of the total amount of the deferred underwriting
commissions held in the Trust Account, may be re-allocated or paid to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties that assist in consummating
a business combination. The election to re-allocate or make any such payments to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties will be solely
at the discretion of our management team, and such unaffiliated third parties will be selected by the management team in their sole and
absolute discretion. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the
event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. We may, in its sole discretion, pay
up to an additional 1.25 in the aggregate of deferred underwriting commissions to one or more of the underwriters based on the underwriters 
performance during the business combination process. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income
and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following
critical accounting policies: 

Warrant Liability 

The Company accounts for
warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms
and applicable authoritative guidance in FASB ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and FASB ASC
Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments
pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for
equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether
the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control,
among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the
time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For issued or modified warrants
that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in
capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants
are required to be recorded as a liability at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The public
warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available were valued using a Monte Carlo Simulation. The private placement
warrants are valued using a Modified Black Scholes Model. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
Class A Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder
or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At
all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders deficit. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance
sheets. 

Net Income per Ordinary Share 

Net income per ordinary share
is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of ordinary share outstanding for the period. The Company applies the
two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares are excluded from
earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

28 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ASU Topic 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion
and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require
separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception
guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional
disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06
amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments.
ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted
beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our
financial statements. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations and
our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and
the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict
the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business
and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference is made to the pages
beginning on F-1 through F-17, comprising a portion of this Report, which are included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the
foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered
by this Report. 

29 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of our company, 

(2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
and 

(3) Provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. 

This Report does not include an attestation report of our internal
controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes
to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

30 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance . 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Daniel Wong 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Matt Danzeisen 
 
 46 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Samuel Altman 
 
 37 
 
 Director 
 
 John R. Hass 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 In Joon Hwang 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Daniel Wong has served
as our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board since inception. Mr. Wong is a Senior Vice President
with Pacific Century, where he leads corporate finance (equity and debt), venture investment, and major mergers and acquisitions at Pacific
Century, including in respect of its portfolio companies such as FWD (an Asian life insurance company, majority owned by Pacific Century)
and PineBridge (a multi-asset manager managing 143.1 billion worldwide as of December 31, 2022, majority-owned by Pacific Century with
a minority interest owned by PineBridge management and employees). Mr. Wong was a Senior Managing Director and a member of the Executive
Committee of PineBridge from 2015 to 2016. Prior to joining Pacific Century in 2003, Mr. Wong was a manager with the Corporate Finance
division of PricewaterhouseCoopers Hong Kong office. Pacific Century established FWD through the acquisition of ING s
insurance assets in Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand for 2.1 billion in 2013. Since then, Mr. Wong has raised 6.7 billion of private
equity, bank loan and publicly traded fixed income instruments for FWD. From 2017 to December 2021, Mr. Wong had been a board member
of Tokopedia and subsequently a member of the board of commissioners of GoTo, formed in 2021 as a result of a merger between Gojek and
Tokopedia which are Indonesia s leading e-commerce and on-demand services marketplaces. He led the Series D investment in GoTo
on behalf of Pacific Century. Since 2020, he is an investor representative of Tiki, one of Vietnam s leading B2C e-commerce marketplaces.
He led Series D investment in Tiki on behalf of Pacific Century. Mr. Wong also led the Series E investment in Chegg (NYSE: CHGG) and
was one of Chegg s board members from 2010 to 2012 prior to its public listing. Since 2015, Mr. Wong has also been Chairman of
QooApp, a global anime game platform. Mr. Wong has been a shareholder and subsequently a director of Manner Culture Enterprises ),
a leading online Cantonese content producer, since 2018 and 2020, respectively. From November 2020 to March 2022, he served as Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a director of Bridgetown 2. Mr. Wong graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Madison
with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree, majoring in Accounting, Finance and Economics. He completed the Kellogg-HKUST Executive
MBA program in 2013 and earned the CFA designation in 2001. Mr. Wong is well qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive experience
in investment, mergers and acquisitions and serving as a director for various public and private companies. 

Matt Danzeisen has served
as the Chairman of our board of directors since inception. Mr. Danzeisen is Head of Private Investments at Thiel Capital, with a primary
focus on investments in private companies and funds in the U.S. and Asia. At Thiel Capital, Mr. Danzeisen has developed and led a strategy
focused on making debt and equity investments in innovative financial technology companies, funding some of the leading companies in this
space and serving on the board of directors of two of them: Trumid, an electronic bond trading platform, since 2015, and Coru, a financial
management platform for individuals, since 2018. In addition, Mr. Danzeisen previously served on the board of directors of Artivest, an
alternative investment platform for retail investors and their advisors. Mr. Danzeisen also cofounded Crescendo Equity Partners Limited,
or Crescendo, a private equity firm based in South Korea in 2012 while at Thiel Capital. Crescendo has raised over 1.5 billion and deployed
capital throughout South Korea and Southeast Asia in companies with a technology supply-chain focus. Mr. Danzeisen serves as a member
of Crescendo s investment committee and as the firm s representative to selected portfolio companies. Prior to joining Thiel
Capital and its predecessor firm, Clarium Capital Management, in 2008, Mr. Danzeisen was a Vice President and Portfolio Manager at BlackRock
in its fixed income division from 2002 to 2008. Prior to BlackRock, Mr. Danzeisen was an investment banker at Banc of America Securities
from 2000 to 2001. From December 2020 to March 2022, he served as Chairman of Bridgetown 2. He graduated from Cornell University
with a degree in Finance and a minor in Economics, and is a CFA charterholder. Mr. Danzeisen is well-qualified to serve
as our Chairman due to his extensive technology industry and investment experience. 

31 

Samuel Sam Altman has
served as a member of our board of directors since October 2020. Since 2019, Mr. Altman is the Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of
OpenAI, an AI research and deployment company. From January 2021 to March 2022, Mr. Altman was a director of Bridgetown 2. Previously,
from 2014 to 2019, he was the President of Y Combinator, a leading startup accelerator which has invested billions of dollars into thousands
of startups around the world. In addition to his work at Y Combinator, he has been an active investor in dozens of startups, and currently
and within the last five years has served on the boards of Reddit Inc., which operates a social sharing and aggregation website, and Expedia
Group, Inc., a company providing travel products and services, as well as Helion Energy, Inc. and Oklo. Inc., which are both developing
clean energy solutions. Mr. Altman studied computer science at Stanford University and has since taught classes on entrepreneurship there.
Mr. Altman is well qualified to serve on our board due to his technology industry experience. 

John R. Jay 
 Hass has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2020. Mr. Hass is General Partner and CFO of AlleyCorp,
a leading venture capital incubator and investment firm. Mr. Hass oversees AlleyCorp s business operations and serves
as an investing partner. Previous to AlleyCorp, Mr. Hass was a partner at RRE Ventures where he was responsible for a number
of business and strategy functions, and where he remains a Strategic Advisor. From January 2021 to March 2022, Mr. Hass was a director
of Bridgetown 2. Prior to joining RRE, Mr. Hass spent 22 years at Brown Brothers Harriman, where he served as a Managing Director. 
At BBH Mr. Hass established and managed BBH s Alternative Investments Group, which encompassed private equity, hedge, Asian
equity and real estate funds with assets of 1.3 billion and approximately 1,300 limited partners. Prior to BBH, Mr. Hass was a consultant
in national politics and was a brand manager at Ted Bates Advertising. In addition to his RRE duties, Mr. Hass has served as an
advisor to Raftr, Inc. and DecodeM; and was a member of the Tech: NYC Leadership Council. Mr. Hass is a former independent
director of the Cheetah Korea Value Fund and the J.P. Morgan China Region Fund, Inc. He is a board member emeritus of the Tory Burch
Foundation. Mr. Hass graduated from Princeton University with a B.A. in Politics and completed the CFA Institute s Investment
Management program at Harvard Business School. Mr. Hass is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive technology
industry and investment experience. 

In Joon Hwang has
served as a member of our board of directors since October 2020. Since 2015, he has been Chief Financial Officer, and since 2008 a director
of, LINE Corporation, a developer of mobile applications and internet services. From January 2021 to March 2022, Mr. Hwang was a director
of Bridgetown 2. He also serves as a member of the board of several LINE Corporation subsidiaries and affiliate companies, including Line
Plus, Line Financials, Line Financial Puls, Line Ventures and Line Taiwan Bank Limited. He is the Chairman of Z Venture Capital Limited
and Chairman of Line Taiwan Bank Limited. Previously, Mr. Hwang served in several roles at NAVER Corporation (KRX:035420), a development
company which operates the Korean search engine Naver, including as Chief Financial Officer from 2008 to 2016. Prior to joining NAVER
Corporation, Mr. Hwang served in several roles at Woori Investment Securities Co., Ltd., Woori Finance Holdings Co., Ltd.,
Samsung Securities Co., Ltd., Credit Suisse and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Mr. Hwang received a B.S. in economics from Seoul National
University and an M.B.A. from New York University. Mr. Hwang is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive
technology industry and investment industry experience. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of five members. Holders of our founder shares have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business
combination and holders of our public shares do not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 
of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term, and the appointment,
removal or designation of any member of the board of directors prior to our initial business combination requires the unanimous approval
of the managers of our sponsor. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors
may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of
the holders of our founder shares. 

Our officers are elected by
the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors
is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems
appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices
as may be determined by the board of directors. 

32 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the
rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely
of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Altman, Hass and Hwang serve as members of our audit committee and Mr. Hass serves
as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least
three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person meets
the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Hass qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered
public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all
audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by
us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal
quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or
peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding
five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing
and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by
the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including
any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues
regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by
the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

33 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Hass and Hwang serve as members of our compensation committee and Mr. Hass serves as
the chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least
two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person
meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards applicable to members of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation (if
any is paid by us), evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
and approving the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, other than reimbursement of expenses and as set forth below, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting
or other similar fees, has been or will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of a business combination although we may consider cash
or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to our initial public offering to be paid either prior to or in connection
with our initial business combination. At the closing of our initial business combination, we may pay a customary financial consulting
fee to our sponsor and/or affiliates of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the
Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

We may pay such financial consulting
fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights,
relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination.
The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions
at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures
relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial
business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements
to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides that
the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other
adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before
engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will
consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

34 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating
committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules.
In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection
by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility
of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will
participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Altman, Hass and Hwang. In accordance with Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee
charter in place. 

Prior to our initial business
combination, the board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by holders of our founder shares
during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at an annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary
general meeting). Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director
candidates for nomination to our board. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics
applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics and our audit committee and compensation
committee charters as exhibits to the Registration Statement. You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at
the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request
from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation . 

None of our officers or directors
have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
are entitled to be reimbursed for certain bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on
our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. In addition,
we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to our sponsor and/or affiliates of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds
of our initial public offering held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay
such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market
expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate
an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar
services for comparable transactions at such time and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s
policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. Our audit committee also reviewed on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer
materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely
the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business
will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined
by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

35 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 30, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons
named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares, by: 

each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; 

each
of our officers and directors that beneficially own ordinary shares; and 

all
our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 29,967,862 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 15,093,034 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 14,874,828 Class
B ordinary shares, issued and outstanding as of March 30, 2023. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary
shares and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election of directors
of the board, the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class, unless otherwise
required by applicable law. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one
basis. The table below does not include the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants held or to be held by our
officers or sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 
 Approximate Percentage of 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Issued and Outstanding Ordinary Shares (2) 
 
 Bridgetown LLC (3) 

12,376,887 (2) 
 83.21 
 12,376,887 (2) 
 41.30 
 
 Daniel Wong (3) 

14,259,892 (2) 
 95.87 
 14,259,892 (2) 
 47.58 
 
 Matt Danzeisen (3) 

12,376,887 (2) 
 83.21 
 12,376,887 (2) 
 41.30 
 
 Samuel Altman 

5,000 (2) 
 
 5,000 (2) 

John R. Hass 

5,000 (2) 
 
 5,000 (2) 

In Joon Hwang 

5,000 (2) 
 
 5,000 (2) 

All officers and directors as a group (5 individuals) 

14,274,892 
 95.97 
 14,274,892 
 47.63 
 
 FWD Life Insurance Public Company Limited 
 5,000,000 (4) 
 33.13 

5,000,000 (4) 
 16.68 
 
 FWD Life Insurance Company, Limited 
 5,000,000 (4) 
 33.13 

5,000,000 (4) 
 16.68 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o 38/F Champion Tower, 3 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong. 

36 

(2) 
 Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. 

(3) 
 Daniel Wong, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a Director, and Matt Danzeisen, our Chairman, also serve as two of four managers of our sponsor, and as such may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our sponsor by virtue of their control over our sponsor. Richard Li, by virtue of his indirect ownership of the sole member of our sponsor, may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our sponsor. Each such person disclaims beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares held by our sponsor other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest in such shares. This amount does not include 549,946 founder shares held by an affiliate of our sponsor and controlled solely by such party and not by our sponsor. 

(4) 
 FWD Life Insurance Public Company Limited purchased 3,000,000 units and FWD Life Insurance Company Limited purchased 2,000,000 units in our initial public offering. Richard Li, by virtue of his indirect majority ownership of FWD Group Limited, an indirect parent of such entities, may be deemed to beneficially own securities held by such entities. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

In July 2020, our sponsor
purchased an aggregate of 2,875,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share. In July 2020,
we effected a share dividend of 1 share for each ordinary share in issue, resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate of 5,750,000
founder shares, in September 2020, we effected a share dividend of 1.5 shares for each ordinary share in issue, resulting in
our sponsor holding an aggregate of 14,375,000 founder shares and in October 2020, we effected a share dividend of 0.1 shares
for each ordinary share in issue, resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate of 13,158,137 founder shares (which amount includes the
transfers described below and up to 2,062,500 shares of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised). Also in September 2020, our sponsor transferred 2,001,863 founder shares to our Chief Executive
Officer, 632,500 founder shares to an affiliate of our sponsor and 5,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors and our senior
advisor (which amounts have been adjusted for the share dividend of 0.1 shares for each ordinary share in issue, as well as transfers
back to our sponsor by our independent directors and our senior advisor of 500 shares each, which they received as a result of the
share dividend). The founder shares held by our independent directors and our senior advisor were not subject to forfeiture in the event
the over-allotment option was not exercised. On October 29, 2020, in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option
by the underwriters, 937,662 founder shares were forfeited by certain initial shareholders and cancelled by us. As a result, there are
a total of 14,874,838 founder shares issued and outstanding as of the date of this Report. Following the Extension Redemptions, our initial
shareholders now own approximately 49.64 of our issued and outstanding shares (not including any securities purchased in our initial
public offering by affiliates) and have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. 

In addition, our sponsor purchased
an aggregate of 6,449,936 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant 9,674,904 in the aggregate) in the private placement
and the exercise of the over-allotment option. Each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole Class A ordinary
share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

FWD Life Insurance Public
Company Limited and FWD Life Insurance Company Limited purchased an aggregate of 50,000,000 of units in our initial public offering,
with the same redemption rights and rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the units it purchased in our initial
public offering as the rights afforded to our public shareholders, as described herein. 

At the closing of our initial
business combination, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to our sponsor and/or affiliates of our sponsor, which will not
be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial
or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate
and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing
market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant
to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

37 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of
our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants
would be identical to the placement warrants issued to the initial holder. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any,
have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other
than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver
against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. 

Our sponsor was formed as a
collaboration between Pacific Century and Thiel Capital. Our sponsor has received funding from entities related to Pacific Century and
Thiel Capital, and, as a result, such entities also have an indirect economic interest in the consummation of our initial business combination. 

On July 9, 2020, we issued
the Promissory Note to our sponsor, pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The Promissory
Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2020 or (ii) the completion of our initial public offering.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 300,000 outstanding, which is currently due on demand. 

On December 15, 2021, we issued
the Second Promissory Note of 500,000 to our sponsor. The Second Promissory Note is due on the earlier of (i) the date on which we consummate
an initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. 

On February 8, 2022, we issued
the Third Promissory Note of 500,000 to our sponsor. The Third Promissory Note carries no interest and is due on the earlier of (i) the
date on which we consummate an initial business combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. Our sponsor
has waived rights to the Trust Account under the Promissory Note, the Second Promissory Note, and the Third Promissory Note. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there was 1,000,000 and 500,000, respectively, outstanding under the Second and Third Promissory Notes, respectively. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as
it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital
loans (if any). 

We have entered into indemnity
agreements with each of our officers and directors. These agreements require us to indemnify these individuals and entity to the fullest
extent permitted under applicable Cayman Islands law and to hold harmless, exonerate and advance expenses incurred as a result of any
proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. 

Director independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other
than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the
company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Altman, Hass and Hwang are independent directors 
as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee is entirely composed of independent directors
meeting Nasdaq s additional requirements applicable to members of the audit committee. Our independent directors have regularly
scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

38 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and
Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Withum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum
in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with
the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 70,000 6 and 100,000, respectively. The above
amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation
and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we did not
pay Withum any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we paid Withum tax fees of 4,160 and 4,000, respectively. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay Withum for any
other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

39 

PART IV 

Item 15 . Exhibit and Financial Statement
Schedules. 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 100) 
 
 F-1 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 to F-17 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules: 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because
they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements
and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this
Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on the SEC
website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

40 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of 

Bridgetown Holdings Limited 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Bridgetown Holdings Limited (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by October 20, 2023 then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to
these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2020. 

March 30, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 1 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Advances from related party 

Due to Related Party 

Promissory notes- related party 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred
 underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; authorized, and shares at approximately and redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

() 

() 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
December 31, 

Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

Statements
of Cash Flows 

Year Ended 
December 31, 

Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

() 

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 
 
 Accrued expenses 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Advances from related party 

Redemption of ordinary shares 

() 

Payments of offering costs 

() 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Net Change in Cash 

() 

() 
 
 Cash Beginning of the year 

Cash Ending of the year 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in
the Units sold, the Public Shares at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note
3. 

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Bridgetown LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross
proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Units, at per Unit, and the sale of an additional Private Placement
Warrants, at per Private Placement Warrant, generating total gross proceeds of . 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, net of reimbursed from the underwriters (see Note 5), 
of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of
the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and was initially
invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself
out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by the Company. To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, on
October 13, 2022 we instructed the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the
Trust Account in an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial Business Combination
or our liquidation, as described below. 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement in connection with the
Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more
of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will
be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

F- 6 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. The per-share
amount to be distributed to public shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business
Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 

either immediately prior to or upon such
consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote
at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and
the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however,
shareholder approval of the transactions is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides
to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a
Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote any Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) and Public Shares held by it in favor of
approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if
they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. 

Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem
their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of ,
in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal. In connection therewith, the Company converted the money market instruments in its
Trust Account to cash. 

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The
Company may waive this restriction in its sole discretion. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business
Combination by October 20, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre- Business Combination
activity. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which
interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders
and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. 

F- 7 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

). 

per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay
taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access
to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover,
in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify
the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements
with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

in its operating bank accounts, in cash held held in the Trust Account to be
used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of
 . 

F- 8 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and in cash held in its operating account, respectively, and did not have any cash equivalents. 

F- 9 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption December 31, 2021 

Less: 

Redemption of ordinary shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption December 31, 2022 

, of which were charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and
 were expensed to the statements of operations. 

for
the period presented. 

F- 10 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. For the respective periods ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then
share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary
shares for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share

. 

F- 11 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit, inclusive of Units sold to the underwriters
on October 29, 2020 upon the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option. 

Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of . On July 20,
2020, 
On September 22, 2020, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Founder
Shares to an affiliate of the Sponsor and Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent directors and a senior advisor.
All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share transactions. 

shares that were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option
was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares would equal of the Company s issued and outstanding
ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment
option on October 29, 2020 and the forfeiture of the remaining over-allotment option, a total of Founder Shares are no longer
subject to forfeiture and Founder Shares were forfeited, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 12 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant,
for an aggregate purchase price of . On October 29, 2020, in connection with the underwriters election to partially exercise
their over-allotment option, the Company sold an additional Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant, generating gross proceeds of . Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at
a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added
to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public
Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

and , respectively. The advances are non-interest bearing and due on demand. 

. The advances are non-interest bearing and due on
demand. 

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December
31, 2020 or (ii) the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was outstanding, which
is currently due on demand. 

was signed. The Second Promissory Note is due on the
earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is
effective. 

(the Third Promissory Note ).
The Third Promissory Note carries no interest and is due on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination
or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. The Sponsor has waived rights to the Trust Account under all notes.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and , respectively, outstanding under the Second and Third Promissory Notes,
respectively. 

Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with
respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

F- 13 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. A portion of such amount, not to exceed
 of the total amount of the deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account, may be re-allocated or paid to affiliated
or unaffiliated third parties that assist the Company in consummating a Business Combination. The election to re-allocate or make any
such payments to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties will be solely at the discretion of the Company s management team, and
such unaffiliated third parties will be selected by the management team in their sole and absolute discretion. The deferred fee will become
payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The Company may, in its sole discretion, pay up to an additional in the aggregate
of deferred underwriting commissions to one or more of the underwriters based on the underwriters performance during the Business
Combination process. Additionally, at the closing of the Business Combination, the Company (in its sole discretion) may pay
a customary financial consulting fee to the Sponsor and/or affiliates of the Sponsor in the event such party or parties provide the Company
with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that
the Company believes are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate the Business Combination. 

to reimburse certain of the Company s expenses and fees in connection with the Initial
Public Offering. Such fee represented an amount equal to of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, after deducting the
greater of million and of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering to the extent received from Units purchased by the
Sponsor or its affiliates and certain investors identified by the Sponsor to the underwriters. 

of the Units
in the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters did not receive any upfront cash underwriting commissions on such Units. 

per month. For December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid 
and for these services, respectively. 

preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and ,
respectively, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption which are presented as temporary equity. In connection with the 2022
Shareholders Meeting and the Extension Amendment, shareholders holding Class A ordinary shares exercised their right
to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account. We paid cash in the aggregate amount of , or approximately
 per share to redeeming shareholders in the Extension Redemption. 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 14 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the sum of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all Class
A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination (excluding any shares
or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants
issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). 

after the completion of a Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

per warrant; upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

F- 15 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

in cash and in U.S. Treasury securities. 

1 

Warrant Liabilities Private Placement Warrants 
 3 

F- 16 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively, using the modified Black-Scholes option
pricing model and the following assumptions: 

Time to expiration, in Years 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Stock Price 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

F- 17 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated October 15, 2020, by and among the Company, UBS Securities LLC and BTIG, LLC. (4) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Memorandum and Articles of Association. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (4) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated October 13, 2022. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate. (5) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated October 15, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (4) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. (6) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of July 9, 2020 issued to Bridgetown LLC. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated October 15, 2020, among the Registrant, its officers and directors and Bridgetown LLC. (4) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 15, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 15, 2020, between the Registrant and certain security holders. (4) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated July 9, 2020, between the Registrant and Bridgetown LLC. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 15, 2020, between the Registrant and Bridgetown LLC. (4) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (5) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 15, 2021, issued to Bridgetown LLC (8) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 8, 2022, issued to Bridgetown LLC (8) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith 

Furnished
herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249000), filed with the SEC on September 23, 2020. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249000), filed with the SEC on September 30, 2020. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on October 14, 2020. 

(4) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 20, 2020. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249000), filed with the SEC on September 30, 2020. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2021. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022. 

(8) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2022. 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 30, 2023 
 Bridgetown Holdings Limited 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel Wong 

Name: 
 Daniel Wong 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Daniel Wong 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Daniel Wong 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Matt Danzeisen 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Matt Danzeisen 

/s/ Samuel Altman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Samuel Altman 

/s/ John R. Hass 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 John R. Hass 

/s/ In Joon Hwang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 In Joon Hwang 

42 

<EX-3.3>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-3_bridgetown.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION, DATED OCTOBER 13, 2022

Exhibit 3.3 

Registrar of Companies 

 Government Administration Building 

 133 Elgin Avenue 

 George Town 

 Grand Cayman 

Bridgetown Holdings Limited (ROC #363002)
 (the Company 

TAKE
NOTICE that at an extraordinary general meeting of the Company dated 13 October 2022, the following special resolution was
passed: 

Proposal No. 3 

RESOLVED, as a special resolution, that the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company be amended by the deletion of the existing Article 49.7 in its entirety
and the insertion of the following language in its place: 

49.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate
a Business Combination by October 20, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board, or, if the Registrar of Companies of the
Cayman Islands shall not be open for business (including filing of corporate documents) on such date, the next date upon which the Registrar
of Companies of the Cayman Islands shall be open) (the Deadline Date ), or such later time as the Members may approve in
accordance with the Articles, the Company shall: 

(a)
cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; 

(b) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at the Per-Share Redemption Price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, 

 if any); and 

(c) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Members and the Directors,
liquidate and dissolve subject in the case of (b) and (c) above to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of
creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of Applicable Law. 

/s/ Margo Richardson 

Margo Richardson 
Corporate Administrator 
for and on behalf of 

 Maples Corporate Services Limited 

Dated this 18th day
of October 2022 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: H35847411304 

Registrar of Companies 

 Government Administration
Building 

 133 Elgin Avenue 

 George Town 
Grand Cayman 

Bridgetown Holdings Limited (ROC
#363002) (the Company 

TAKE
NOTICE that by written resolution of the sole shareholder of the Company dated 15 October 2020, the following special resolution
was passed: 

It is resolved as a special resolution
that, with effect from the effective time and date of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A as filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission, the Articles of Association of the Company currently in effect be amended and restated by the
deletion in their entirety and the substitution in their place of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association annexed
hereto. 

/s/ Gwyneth Forbes 

Gwyneth Forbes 

 Corporate Administrator 

 for and
on behalf of 

 Maples Corporate Services Limited 

Dated this 20th
day of October 2020 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: F62746198943 

THE COMPANIES LAW (2020
REVISION) 

 OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

 COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED 

 MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 

OF 

BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS
LIMITED 

 (ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION
DATED 15 OCTOBER 2020 AND EFFECTIVE ON 15 OCTOBER 2020) 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 

THE COMPANIES LAW (2020
REVISION) 
OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

 COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED 
MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF 

 BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 (ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION
DATED 15 OCTOBER 2020 AND EFFECTIVE ON 15 OCTOBER 2020) 

1 The name of the Company is Bridgetown Holdings Limited 

2 The Registered Office of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples Corporate
Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within the Cayman Islands as
the Directors may decide. 

3 The objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company
shall have full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands. 

4 The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such Member s shares. 

5 The share capital of the Company is US 22,100 divided into 200,000,000 Class A
ordinary shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each and 1,000,000 preference
shares of a par value of US 0.0001 each. 

6 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited
by shares under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 

7 Capitalised terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum
of Association bear the respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 1 

THE COMPANIES LAW (2020
REVISION) 
OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

 COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
 OF 

 BRIDGETOWN HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 (ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION
DATED 15 OCTOBER 2020 AND EFFECTIVE ON 15 OCTOBER 2020) 

1 Interpretation 

1.1 In the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there is something
in the subject or context inconsistent therewith: 

Affiliate 
 
 in respect of a person,
means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such person s spouse, parents,
children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone
residing in such person s home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or
entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or
any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such entity. 

Applicable Law 
 means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person. 

Articles 
 means these amended and restated articles of association of the Company. 

Audit Committee 
 means the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 2 

Auditor 
 means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any). 

Business Combination 
 means a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target business ), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

business day 
 means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City. 

Clearing House 
 means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction. 

Class A Share 
 means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. 

Class B Share 
 means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. 

Company 
 means the above named company. 

Company s Website 
 means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name (if any). 

Compensation Committee 
 means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee. 

Designated Stock Exchange 
 means any United States national securities exchange on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including the Nasdaq Capital Market 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 3 

Directors 
 means the directors for the time being of the Company. 

Dividend 
 means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles. 

Electronic Communication 
 means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Company s Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors. 

Electronic Record 
 has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Law. 

Electronic Transactions Law 
 means the Electronic Transactions Law (2003 Revision) of the Cayman Islands. 

Equity-linked Securities 
 means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. 

Exchange Act 
 means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time. 

Founders 
 means all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO. 

Independent Director 
 has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be. 

IPO 
 means the Company s initial public offering of securities. 

Member 
 has the same meaning as in the Statute. 

Memorandum 
 means the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company. 

Officer 
 means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company. 

Ordinary Resolution 
 means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 4 

Over-Allotment Option 
 means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15 per cent of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US 10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions. 

Preference Share 
 means a preference share of a par value of US 0.0001 in the share capital of the Company. 

Public Share 
 means a Class A Share issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO. 

Redemption Notice 
 means a notice in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein. 

Register of Members 
 means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members. 

Registered Office 
 means the registered office for the time being of the Company. 

Representative 
 means a representative of the Underwriters. 

Seal 
 means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal. 

Securities and Exchange Commission 
 means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Share 
 means a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company. 

Special Resolution 
 subject to Article 29.4, has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution. 

Sponsor 
 means Bridgetown LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company, and its successors or assigns. 

Statute 
 means the Companies Law (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 5 

Treasury Share 
 means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute. 

Trust Account 
 means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of warrants simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited. 

Underwriter 
 means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter. 

1.2 In the Articles: 

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; 

(b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; 

(c) words importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person; 

(d) written and in writing include all modes of representing
or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record; 

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive; 

(f) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references
to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced; 

(g) any phrase introduced by the terms including , include ,
 in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding
those terms; 

(h) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as
well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms
 and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and 
shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires); 

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the Articles; 

(j) any requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form
of an Electronic Record; 

(k) any requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the
execution of the Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions
Law; 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 6 

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Law shall not apply; 

(m) the term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that
period excluding the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which it is to take
effect; and 

(n) the term holder in relation to a Share means a person whose name
is entered in the Register of Members as the holder of such Share. 

2 Commencement of Business 

2.1 The business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the
Company as the Directors shall see fit. 

2.2 The Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all
expenses incurred in or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration. 

3 Issue of Shares and other Securities 

3.1 Subject to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that
may be given by the Company in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the
Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice
to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including
fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions,
voting, return of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may also (subject
to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose
of Shares (including fractions of a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Share Ordinary
Conversion set out in the Articles. 

3.2 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities
of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities
in the Company on such terms as the Directors may from time to time determine. 

3.3 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised
of whole or fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right
upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms
as the Directors may from time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only
be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the Representative(s)
determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K with the Securities and
Exchange Commission and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities comprising
such units cannot be traded separately from one another. 

3.4 The Company shall not issue Shares to bearer. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 7 

4 Register of Members 

4.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register
of Members in accordance with the Statute. 

4.2 The Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain
one or more branch registers of Members in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members shall
constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time
to time. 

5 Closing Register of Members or Fixing Record Date 

5.1 For the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of,
or to vote at any meeting of Members or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors may, after notice has been given by advertisement
in an appointed newspaper or any other newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law, provide that the Register of Members shall be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty
days. 

5.2 In lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members,
the Directors may fix in advance or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice of, or
to vote at any meeting of the Members or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose of determining the Members entitled to receive payment
of any Dividend or other distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose. 

5.3 If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date
is fixed for the determination of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled to receive payment
of a Dividend or other distribution, the date on which notice of the meeting is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors
resolving to pay such Dividend or other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of
Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has been made as provided in this Article, such determination
shall apply to any adjournment thereof. 

6 Certificates for Shares 

6.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the
Directors resolve that share certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the
Directors may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The
Directors may authorise certificates to be issued with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates for
Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise
identified and shall specify the Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled
and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares
shall have been surrendered and cancelled. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 8 

6.2 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate
for Shares held jointly by more than one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all
of them. 

6.3 If a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed,
it may be renewed on such terms (if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred by the
Company in investigating evidence, as the Directors may prescribe, and (in the case of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the
old certificate. 

6.4 Every share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles
will be sent at the risk of the Member or other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any share
certificate lost or delayed in the course of delivery. 

6.5 Share certificates shall be issued within the relevant time
limit as prescribed by the Statute, if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and
Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from time to time determine,
whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled
to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with the Company. 

7 Transfer of Shares 

7.1 Subject to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer
all or any of his Shares by an instrument of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that
one cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without evidence satisfactory
to them of the like transfer of such option or warrant. 

7.2 The instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing
in the usual or common form or in a form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and
Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any other form approved by
the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the
transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted
signature or by such other manner of execution as the Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain
the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 9 

8 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares 

8.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable,
the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may issue Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the
option of the Member or the Company. The redemption of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and upon such
other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution, determine before the issue of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing
the Shares: 

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the
redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in the Business Combination Article hereof; 

(b) Class B Shares held by the Founders shall be surrendered
by the Founders for no consideration on a pro-rata basis to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that
the Founders will own 20 per cent of the Company s issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a private
placement simultaneously with the IPO); and 

(c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer
in the circumstances set out in the Business Combination Article hereof. 

8.2 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable,
the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner
and on such other terms as the Directors may agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and
surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members. 

8.3 The Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption
or purchase of its own Shares in any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital. 

8.4 The Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration
of any fully paid Share. 

9 Treasury Shares 

9.1 The Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender
of any Share, determine that such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share. 

9.2 The Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer
a Treasury Share on such terms as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration). 

10 Variation of Rights of Shares 

10.1 Subject to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of
the Company is divided into different classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by
the terms of issue of the Shares of that
class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class
where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation
shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two thirds of the issued Shares of that class (other than
with respect to a waiver of the provisions of the Class B Ordinary Share Conversion Article hereof, which as stated therein shall only
require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued Shares of that class), or with the approval of a resolution
passed by a majority of not less than two thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of that class. For
the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not have a material adverse effect,
to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all the provisions of the Articles relating to
general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis , except that the
necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at least one third of the issued Shares of the class and that any
holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 10 

10.2 For the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors
may treat two or more or all the classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class of Shares
would be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in any other case shall treat them as separate classes of
Shares. 

10.3 The rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class
issued with preferred or other rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class,
be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other
rights. 

11 Commission on Sale of Shares 

The Company may, in so far as
the Statute permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely or
conditionally) or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions
may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid- up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares
pay such brokerage as may be lawful. 

12 Non Recognition of Trusts 

The Company shall not be bound
by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except
only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to
the entirety thereof in the holder. 

13 Lien on Shares 

13.1 The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares
(whether fully paid-up or not) registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts, liabilities
or engagements to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any
other person, whether a Member or not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions
of this Article. The registration of a transfer
of any such Share shall operate as a waiver of the Company s lien thereon. The Company s lien on a Share shall also extend
to any amount payable in respect of that Share. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 11 

13.2 The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think
fit, any Shares on which the Company has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not paid within
fourteen clear days after notice has been received or deemed to have been received by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled
to it in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with
the Shares may be sold. 

13.3 To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise
any person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The purchaser
or his nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the
application of the purchase money, nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale or the
exercise of the Company s power of sale under the Articles. 

13.4 The net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall
be applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance shall (subject
to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares
at the date of the sale. 

14 Call on Shares 

14.1 Subject to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares,
the Directors may make calls upon the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value or premium),
and each Member shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to
the Company at the time or times so specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part,
as the Directors may determine. A call may be required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable
for calls made upon him notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made. 

14.2 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the
resolution of the Directors authorising such call was passed. 

14.3 The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally
liable to pay all calls in respect thereof. 

14.4 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable,
the person from whom it is due shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at such
rate as the Directors may determine (and in addition all expenses that have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment),
but the Directors may waive payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part. 

14.5 An amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether on
 account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles shall
apply as if that amount had become due and payable by virtue of a call. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 12 

14.6 The Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the
amount and times of payment of calls, or the interest to be paid. 

14.7 The Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from
any Member willing to advance all or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until the amount
would otherwise become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount
in advance. 

14.8 No such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member
paying such amount to any portion of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon which such
amount would, but for such payment, become payable. 

15 Forfeiture of Shares 

15.1 If a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has
become due and payable the Directors may give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice requiring
payment of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of
such non-payment. The notice shall specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with the Shares
in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited. 

15.2 If the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of
which it was given may, before the payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors. Such
forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other distributions or other monies payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before
the forfeiture. 

15.3 A forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed
of on such terms and in such manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture
may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred
to any person the Directors may authorise some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person. 

15.4 A person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease
to be a Member in respect of them and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited and shall
remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the Company in respect of those
Shares together with interest at such rate as the Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company shall
have received payment in full of all monies due and payable by him in respect of those Shares. 

15.5 A certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer
that a Share has been forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all persons claiming
to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to
the Share and the person to whom the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase
money, if any, nor shall his title to the Share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity
in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the Share. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 13 

15.6 The provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply
in the case of non payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of
the par value of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 

16 Transmission of Shares 

16.1 If a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a
joint holder), or his legal personal representatives (where he was a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the Company
as having any title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share,
for which he was a joint or sole holder. 

16.2 Any person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the
death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence being produced
as may be required by the Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share
or to have some person nominated by him registered as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another person registered as the
holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case, have
the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member
before his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution, as the case may be. 

16.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation
or dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the same Dividends, other distributions and other
advantages to which he would be entitled if he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member in respect
of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in relation to general meetings of the Company
and the Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some person
nominated by him be registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or
suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy
or liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is not complied with within ninety
days of being received or deemed to be received (as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter withhold payment
of all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements of the notice have
been complied with. 

17 Class B Ordinary Share Conversion 

17.1 The rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall rank pari
passu in all respects, and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters (subject
to the Variation of Rights of Shares Article and the Appointment and Removal of Directors Article hereof) with the exception that the
holder of a Class B Share shall have the Conversion Rights referred to in this Article. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 14 

17.2 Subject to the Articles and unless otherwise provided for in the definitive agreement
in respect of a Business Combination, Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (the Initial
Conversion Ratio automatically on the day of the closing of a Business Combination. 

17.3 Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class
A Shares or any other Equity-linked Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, by the Company in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO
and related to the closing of a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue shall automatically convert into Class A Shares at the
time of the closing of a Business Combination at a ratio for which the Class B Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will be adjusted
(unless the holders of a majority of the Class B Shares in issue agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such
issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, in the aggregate,
20 per cent of the sum of all Class A Shares and Class B Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO plus all Class A Shares and Equity-linked
Securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, excluding any Shares or Equity-linked Securities issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, any private placement equivalent warrants to any Member or its Affiliates upon
conversion of loans made to the Company. 

17.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing adjustment
to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class A Shares or Equity-linked
Securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately
as a separate class in the manner provided in the Variation of Rights of Shares Article hereof. 

17.5 The foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision
(by share subdivision, exchange, capitalisation, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or combination (by share
consolidation, exchange, reclassification, recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class
A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original filing of the Articles without a proportionate
and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue. 

17.6 Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares pursuant
to this Article. The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each Class B Share shall convert
into such number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total
number of Class A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this Article and the denominator
of which shall be the total number of Class B Shares in issue at the time of conversion. 

17.7 References in this Article to converted ,
 conversion or exchange 
shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application
of such redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a
price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued
as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be
registered in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 15 

17.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, in
no event may any Class B Share convert into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. 

18 Amendments of Memorandum
 and Articles of Association and Alteration of Capital 

18.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution: 

(a) increase its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution
shall prescribe and with such rights, priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine; 

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into
Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares; 

(c) convert all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and
reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares of any denomination; 

(d) by subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide
the whole or any part of its share capital into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value;
and 

(e) cancel any Shares that at the date of the passing of the
Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount
of the Shares so cancelled. 

18.2 All new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of
the preceding Article shall be subject to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer,
transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital. 

18.3 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of
the Articles as regards the matters to be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution and Article 29.4, the Company may by Special Resolution: 

(a) change its name; 

(b) alter or add to the Articles; 

(c) alter or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects,
powers or other matters specified therein; and 

(d) reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve
fund. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 16 

19 Offices and Places of Business 

Subject to the provisions of
the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may, in addition
to its Registered Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine. 

20 General Meetings 

20.1 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall
be called extraordinary general meetings. 

20.2 The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute)
be obliged to, in each year hold a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices
calling it. Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report
of the Directors (if any) shall be presented. 

20.3 The Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairman of
the board of Directors may call general meetings, and, for the avoidance of doubt, Members shall not have the ability to call general
meetings. 

21 Notice of General Meetings 

21.1 At least five clear days notice shall be given of any
general meeting. Every notice shall specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to
be conducted at the general meeting and shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed
by the Company, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given
and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened
if it is so agreed: 

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members
entitled to attend and vote thereat; and 

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority
in number of the Members having a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per cent in par
value of the Shares giving that right. 

21.2 The accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting
to, or the non receipt of notice of a general meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate the proceedings
of that general meeting. 

22 Proceedings at General Meetings 

22.1 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless
a quorum is present. The holders of a majority of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other
non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy shall be a quorum. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 17 

22.2 A person may participate at a general meeting by conference
telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each
other. Participation by a person in a general meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. 

22.3 A resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts)
signed by or on behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at general meetings
(or, being corporations or other non-natural persons, signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective
as if the resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held. 

22.4 If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the
meeting to commence, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other
day, time and/or place as the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from
the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum. 

22.5 The Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence,
appoint any person to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do not make any such appointment, the chairman,
if any, of the board of Directors shall preside as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not
be present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present
shall elect one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 

22.6 If no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within
fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be chairman
of the meeting. 

22.7 The chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and
shall if so directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted
at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 

22.8 When a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned
meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of an adjourned
meeting. 

22.9 If, prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general
meeting and the Directors, in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for any reason to hold that general
meeting at the place, the day and the hour specified in the notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general
meeting to another place, day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged general meeting is
promptly given to all Members. No business shall be transacted at any postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice
of the original meeting. 

22.10 When a general meeting is postponed for thirty days or more, notice of the postponed meeting shall
 be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice of a postponed meeting.
All proxy forms submitted for the original general meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a
general meeting which has already been postponed. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 18 

22.11 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided
on a poll. 

22.12 A poll shall be taken as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall
be deemed to be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded. 

22.13 A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment
shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairman of the general
meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the
taking of the poll. 

22.14 In the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall be entitled to a second or casting vote. 

23 Votes of Members 

23.1 Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares,
including as set out at Article 29.4, every Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which he is the
holder. 

23.2 In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who
tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised representative
or proxy), shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order
in which the names of the holders stand in the Register of Members. 

23.3 A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has
been made by any court, having jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person on such Member s
behalf appointed by that court, and any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy. 

23.4 No person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless
he is registered as a Member on the record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by him in respect
of Shares have been paid. 

23.5 No objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any
voter except at the general meeting or adjourned general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every vote not
disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection made in due time in accordance with this Article shall be referred to the chairman
whose decision shall be final and conclusive. 

23.6 Votes may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case
of a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one proxy
or the same proxy under one or more instruments to attend and vote at a meeting. Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument
of proxy shall specify the number of Shares in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 19 

23.7 A Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes
in respect of his Shares in the same way on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either for or against
a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him,
a proxy appointed under one or more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed either
for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed. 

24 Proxies 

24.1 The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall
be executed under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation or other
non natural person, under the hand of its duly authorised representative. A proxy need not be a Member. 

24.2 The Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned
meeting, or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be
deposited and the place and the time (being not later than the time appointed for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting
to which the proxy relates) at which the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction from
the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument
appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting
or adjourned meeting to commence at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote. 

24.3 The chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that
an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner permitted,
or which has not been declared to have been duly deposited by the chairman, shall be invalid. 

24.4 The instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common
form (or such other form as the Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment thereof
or generally until revoked. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include the power to demand or join or concur in demanding
a poll. 

24.5 Votes given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of
proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under
which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the Share in respect of which the proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death,
insanity, revocation or transfer was received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting,
or adjourned meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy. 

25 Corporate Members 

25.1 Any corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member
may in accordance with its constitutional documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing
body, authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of
Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as
the corporation could exercise if it were an individual Member. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 20 

25.2 If a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation,
is a Member, it may authorise such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting
of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative
is so authorised. Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without
further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s))
as if such person was the registered holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)). 

26 Shares that May Not be Voted 

Shares in the Company that are
beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the
total number of outstanding Shares at any given time. 

27 Directors 

27.1 There shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than
one person provided however that the Company may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in the number of Directors. 

27.2 Commencing at the Company s first annual general meeting,
and at each annual general meeting thereafter, Directors appointed to succeed those Directors whose terms expire shall be appointed for
a term of office to expire at the second succeeding annual general meeting after their appointment. Except as the Statute or other Applicable
Law may otherwise require, in the interim between annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings called for the appointment
of Directors and/or the removal of one or more Directors and the filling of any vacancy in that connection, additional Directors and
any vacancies in the board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal of Directors for cause, may be filled
by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors then in office, although less than a quorum (as defined in the Articles), or by
the sole remaining Director. All Directors shall hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of office and until their
successors shall have been appointed and qualified. A Director appointed to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal
of a Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the Director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created such
vacancy and until his successor shall have been appointed and qualified. 

28 Powers of Directors 

28.1 Subject to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and
the Articles and to any directions given by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who may
exercise all the powers of the Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and no such direction shall invalidate any prior
act of the Directors which would have been valid if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened
meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by the Directors. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 21 

28.2 All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and
other negotiable or transferable instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed
or otherwise executed as the case may be in such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution. 

28.3 The Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or
pension or allowance on retirement to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company or to his
widow or dependants and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension
or allowance. 

28.4 The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to
borrow money and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part thereof
and to issue debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability
or obligation of the Company or of any third party. 

29 Appointment and Removal of Directors 

29.1 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, the Company
may by Ordinary Resolution of the holders of the Class B Shares appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution of
the holders of the Class B Shares remove any Director. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the closing of a Business Combination, holders
of Class A Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director. 

29.2 The Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either
to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number
fixed by or in accordance with the Articles as the maximum number of Directors. 

29.3 After the closing of a Business Combination, the Company may
by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director. 

29.4 Prior to the closing of a Business Combination, Article 29.1
may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by at least 90 per cent of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person
or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a
special resolution has been given, or by way of unanimous written resolution. 

30 Vacation of Office of Director 

The office of a Director shall be vacated if: 

(a) the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that
he resigns the office of Director; or 

(b) the Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt,
without being represented by proxy) from three consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the
Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution that he has by reason of such absence vacated office; or 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 22 

(c) the Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement
or composition with his creditors generally; or 

(d) the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or 

(e) all of the other Directors (being not less than two in number)
determine that he should be removed as a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors
duly convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors. 

31 Proceedings of Directors 

31.1 The quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors
may be fixed by the Directors, and unless so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office. 

31.2 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may
regulate their proceedings as they think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of
an equality of votes, the chairman shall have a second or casting vote. 

31.3 A person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any
committee of Directors by conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the
meeting can communicate with each other at the same time. Participation by a person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence
in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the
chairman is located at the start of the meeting. 

31.4 A resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed
by all the Directors or all the members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating to the removal
of any Director or the vacation of office by any Director, all of the Directors other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution
shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be,
duly convened and held. 

31.5 A Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director
shall, call a meeting of the Directors by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set forth the
general nature of the business to be considered unless notice is waived by all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is
held. To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company
to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis. 

31.6 The continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as
the case may be) may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number fixed
by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors the continuing Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing
the number of Directors to be equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose. 

31.7 The Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he is to hold
 office; but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after the time appointed
for the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 23 

31.8 All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee
of the Directors shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director,
and/or that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if
every such person had been duly appointed and/or not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been
entitled to vote, as the case may be. 

31.9 A Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of
Directors by a proxy appointed in writing by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes
be deemed to be that of the appointing Director. 

32 Presumption of Assent 

A Director who is present at
a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken
unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent from such action with the
person acting as the chairman or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by registered post
to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director who voted in favour
of such action. 

33 Directors Interests 

33.1 A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under
the Company (other than the office of Auditor) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms as to remuneration
and otherwise as the Directors may determine. 

33.2 A Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of
his firm in a professional capacity for the Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as
if he were not a Director. 

33.3 A Director may be or become a director or other officer of or
otherwise interested in any company promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting
party or otherwise, and no such Director shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by him as
a director or officer of, or from his interest in, such other company. 

33.4 No person shall be disqualified from the office of Director
or prevented by such office from contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract
or any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director shall be in any way interested be or
be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit
realised by or arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary
relationship thereby established. A Director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested
provided that the nature of the interest of any Director in any such contract
or transaction shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 24 

33.5 A general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director,
officer or employee of any specified firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or company
shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes of voting on a resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which he has an
interest, and after such general notice it shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction. 

34 Minutes 

The Directors shall cause minutes
to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings
of the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including the names of
the Directors present at each meeting. 

35 Delegation of Directors Powers 

35.1 The Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities
and discretions, including the power to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without limitation,
the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose
and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors.
Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings
of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying. 

35.2 The Directors may establish any committees, local boards or
agencies or appoint any person to be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person to be a member
of such committees, local boards or agencies. Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and
either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors.
Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating
the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying. 

35.3 The Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees
and, if so adopted, shall review and assess the adequacy of such formal written charters on an annual basis. Each of these committees
shall be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such
powers as the Directors may delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the
Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of Directors as the Directors shall from
time to time determine (or such minimum number as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock
Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law).
For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee shall
be made up of such number of Independent Directors as is required from time to time by the rules
and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority
or otherwise under Applicable Law. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 25 

35.4 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint
any person to be the agent of the Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is not to the
exclusion of their own powers and may be revoked by the Directors at any time. 

35.5 The Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint
any company, firm, person or body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or authorised
signatory of the Company for such purpose and with such powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable
by the Directors under the Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such powers of
attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys
or authorised signatories as the Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory to delegate
all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him. 

35.6 The Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary
on such terms, at such remuneration and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as
the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of his appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution of the
Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate his office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns his office. 

36 No Minimum Shareholding 

The Company in general meeting
may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification is fixed a Director
is not required to hold Shares. 

37 Remuneration of Directors 

37.1 The remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall
be such remuneration as the Directors shall determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the Company
prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. The Directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business
Combination, be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance
at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate meetings of the holders of any class
of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties
as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors, or a combination partly of one
such method and partly the other. 

37.2 The Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration
to any Director for any services which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director. Any fees paid
to a Director who is also counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in
addition to his remuneration as a Director. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 26 

38 Seal 

38.1 The Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal.
The Seal shall only be used by the authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors. Every instrument
to which the Seal has been affixed shall be signed by at least one person who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person
appointed by the Directors for the purpose. 

38.2 The Company may have for use in any place or places outside
the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the Directors
so determine, with the addition on its face of the name of every place where it is to be used. 

38.3 A Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company
may without further authority of the Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required to be
authenticated by him under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever. 

39 Dividends, Distributions and Reserve 

39.1 Subject to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise
provided by the rights attached to any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares in issue
and authorise payment of the Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend
shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend
specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution shall be paid except out of the realised
or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law. 

39.2 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares,
all Dividends and other distributions shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share is issued
on terms providing that it shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly. 

39.3 The Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution
payable to any Member all sums of money (if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise. 

39.4 The Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution
be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares,
debentures, or securities of any other company or in any one or more of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution,
the Directors may settle the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for distribution
of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value
so fixed in order to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient
to the Directors. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 27 

39.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares,
Dividends and other distributions may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any currency conversions
that may be required and how any costs involved are to be met. 

39.6 The Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other
distribution, set aside such sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable
for any purpose of the Company and pending such application may, at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the
Company. 

39.7 Any Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable
in cash in respect of Shares may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post directed to the
registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered address of the holder who is first named on the
Register of Members or to such person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such cheque or
warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual
receipts for any Dividends, other distributions, bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders. 

39.8 No Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against
the Company. 

39.9 Any Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a
Member and/or which remains unclaimed after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable may,
in the discretion of the Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Company s name, provided that the Company shall not
be constituted as a trustee in respect of that account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member.
Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from the date on which such Dividend or other
distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company. 

40 Capitalisation 

The Directors may at any time
capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Company s reserve accounts or funds (including the share premium account
and capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution;
appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such Members had the same been
a distribution of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares
for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors
shall do all acts and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions
as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements
accrue to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the Members
interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement
made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 28 

41 Books of Account 

41.1 The Directors shall cause proper books of account (including,
where applicable, material underlying documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money received
and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure takes place, all sales and purchases of goods
by the Company and the assets and liabilities of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years
from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept such books of account as
are necessary to give a true and fair view of the state of the Company s affairs and to explain its transactions. 

41.2 The Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and
at what times and places and under what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open
to the inspection of Members not being Directors and no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account
or book or document of the Company except as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting. 

41.3 The Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before
the Company in general meeting profit and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts
as may be required by law. 

42 Audit 

42.1 The Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall
hold office on such terms as the Directors determine. 

42.2 Without prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish
any other committee, if the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required
by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the Directors
and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual
basis. The composition and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock
Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The
Audit Committee shall meet at least once every financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate. 

42.3 If the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or
quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing
basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of potential conflicts of interest. 

42.4 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit
Committee (if one exists). 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 29 

42.5 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death
of the Auditor, or by his becoming incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required,
the Directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration of such Auditor. 

42.6 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at
all times to the books and accounts and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers such
information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of the duties of the Auditor. 

42.7 Auditors shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report
on the accounts of the Company during their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case
of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting
following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and
at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members. 

42.8 Any payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists)
shall require the review and approval of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such review and
approval. 

42.9 The Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms
of the IPO and, if any non-compliance is identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action
necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise cause compliance with the terms of the IPO. 

42.10 At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be an audit
committee financial expert as determined by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The audit committee financial expert 
shall have such past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other
comparable experience or background which results in the individual s financial sophistication. 

43 Notices 

43.1 Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company
to any Member either personally or by sending it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown in the
Register of Members (or where the notice is given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail address provided by such Member). Notice may
also be served by Electronic Communication in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it on the Company s Website. 

43.2 Where a notice is sent by: 

(a) courier; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected
by delivery of the notice to a courier company, and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or
Sundays or public holidays) following the day on which the notice was delivered to the courier; 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 30 

(b) post; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected
by properly addressing, pre paying and posting a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth
day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the day on which the notice was posted; 

(c) cable, telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed
to be effected by properly addressing and sending such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted; 

(d) e-mail or other Electronic Communication; service of the
notice shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting the e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the intended recipient and shall be
deemed to have been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged
by the recipient; and 

(e) placing it on the Company s Website; service of the
notice shall be deemed to have been effected one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Company s Website. 

43.3 A notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons
which the Company has been advised are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in the same
manner as other notices which are required to be given under the Articles and shall be addressed to them by name, or by the title of
representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the
persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have been
given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred. 

43.4 Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner
authorised by the Articles to every holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such meeting
except that in the case of joint holders the notice shall be sufficient if given to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members
and every person upon whom the ownership of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a trustee in bankruptcy
of a Member where the Member but for his death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person
shall be entitled to receive notices of general meetings. 

44 Winding Up 

44.1 If the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply
the assets of the Company in satisfaction of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject
to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding up: 

(a) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members
shall be insufficient to repay the whole of the Company s issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly
as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them; or 

(b) if the assets available for distribution amongst the Members
shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the Company s issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the
surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by
them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies
payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 31 

44.2 If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject
to the rights attaching to any Shares and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval required by
the Statute, divide amongst the Members in kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist
of property of the same kind or not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as
between the Members or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets
in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but so that no
Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability. 

45 Indemnity and Insurance 

45.1 Every Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt,
shall not include auditors of the Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified
Person shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any liability, action, proceeding, claim, demand,
costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses, whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure
to act in carrying out their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason of their own actual fraud, wilful
neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result
(whether direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through the actual fraud, wilful neglect
or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No person shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default
under this Article unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect. 

45.2 The Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable
attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation
involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity will or could be sought. In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder,
the Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment
or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article. If it shall be
determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect
to such judgment, costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment, costs or expenses and any
advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest) by the Indemnified Person. 

45.3 The Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain
insurance for the benefit of any Director or Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would otherwise attach
to such person in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation
to the Company. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 32 

46 Financial Year 

Unless the Directors otherwise
prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of incorporation, shall begin
on 1st January in each year. 

47 Transfer by Way of Continuation 

If the Company is exempted as
defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the power
to register by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered
in the Cayman Islands. 

48 Mergers and Consolidations 

The Company shall have the power
to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the Directors may
determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution. 

49 Business Combination 

49.1 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, this Article
shall apply during the period commencing upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation
of a Business Combination and the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In the event of a conflict between
this Article and any other Articles, the provisions of this Article shall prevail. 

49.2 Prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company
shall either: 

(a) submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval;
or 

(b) provide Members with the opportunity to have their Shares
repurchased by means of a tender offer for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of such Business Combination, including interest earned
on the Trust Account ((net of taxes paid or payable, if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares, provided that the Company
shall only repurchase Public Shares so long as (after such repurchases) the Company s net tangible assets will be at least US 5,000,001
either immediately prior to or upon consummation of such Business Combination and after payment of the Underwriters deferred fees
and commissions. Such obligation to repurchase Shares is subject to the completion of the proposed Business Combination to which it relates. 

49.3 If the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with
Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents
with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to completing such Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial
and other information about such Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
file proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 33 

49.4 At a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a
Business Combination pursuant to this Article, in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution, the Company
shall be authorised to consummate such Business Combination, provided that the Company shall not consummate such Business Combination
unless the Company has net tangible assets of at least US 5,000,001 immediately prior to, or upon such consummation of, or any greater
net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination. 

49.5 Any Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder,
Officer or Director may, at least two business days prior to any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares
redeemed for cash (the IPO Redemption ), provided
that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a partnership,
limited partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption
right with respect to more than 15 per cent of the Public Shares (unless such restriction is waived by the Company in its sole discretion).
If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed Business
Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account and not
previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price being
referred to herein as the Redemption Price ), but
only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination is approved and consummated. The exercise of redemption rights by
a Member shall be conditioned on such Member following the specific procedures for redemptions set forth by the Company in any applicable
tender offer or proxy materials sent to the Members relating to the proposed Businesses Combination, including the requirement that any
Member that holds Public Shares beneficially must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order
to validly redeem such Public Shares. Members seeking to exercise their redemption rights will be required to either tender their certificates
(if any) to the Company s transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust
Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the Member s option, in each case up to two business days prior
to the vote on the proposal to approve a Business Combination. The Redemption Price shall be paid promptly following the consummation
of the relevant Business Combination. If the proposed Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason then such redemptions
shall be cancelled and share certificates (if any) returned to the relevant Members as appropriate. 

49.6 A Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted
to the Company unless the Directors determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request (which they
may do in whole or in part). 

49.7 In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by 24 months from the
 consummation of the IPO (or, if the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands shall not be open for business (including
filing of corporate documents) on such date the next date upon which the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands shall be open (the
 Deadline Date ), or such later time as the Members
may approve in accordance with the Articles, the Company shall: 

(a) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 34 

(b) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less
taxes payable and up to US 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which
redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and 

(c) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law. 

49.8 In the event that any amendment is made to this Article that: 

(a) would affect the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to provide for the redemption of the Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination; or 

(b) would affect the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if, by the Deadline Date, the Company has not consummated a Business Combination,
or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles; or 

(c) would otherwise materially affect the rights of Members under
the Articles or the business and activities of the Company in each case prior to the consummation of a Business Combination; each holder of Public Shares who
is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval
or effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes,
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. 

49.9 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions
from the Trust Account only in the event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article,
or a distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right
or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST Auth Code: C76057120285 35 

49.10 After the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation
of a Business Combination, the Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof
to: 

(a) receive funds from the Trust Account; or 

(b) vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination. 

49.11 The uninterested Independent Directors shall approve any transaction
or transactions between the Company and any of the following parties: 

(a) any Member owning an interest in the voting power of the
Company that gives such Member a significant influence over the Company; and 

(b) any Director or Officer and any Affiliate of such Director
or Officer. 

49.12 A Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in
which such Director has a conflict of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose
such interest or conflict to the other Directors. 

49.13 As long as the securities of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market, the Company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 per
cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts previously disbursed to the Company s management for taxes and excluding
the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in the Trust Account) at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement
in connection with a Business Combination. A Business Combination must not be effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar
company with nominal operations. 

49.14 The Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target
business that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer or by a joint venture or other form of shared ownership
with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business Combination with a target
that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, will
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness
opinions on the type of target business the Company is seeking to acquire that is a member of the United States Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority or an independent accounting firm that such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. 

50 Business Opportunities 

50.1 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual
serving as a Director or an Officer Management shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company renounces
any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which may be a corporate opportunity for Management,
on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by
Applicable Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be
liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact
that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to
another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company. 

50.2 Except as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby
renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction
or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who is also
a member of Management acquires knowledge. 

50.3 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity
related to a corporate opportunity that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company
hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for
such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted
in the future and that have been conducted in the past. 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 363002 
 Filed: 18-Oct-2022 10:31 EST 

Auth Code: C76057120285 

36 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_bridgetown.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel Wong, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Bridgetown Holdings Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel Wong 

Daniel Wong 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_bridgetown.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31. 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel Wong, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Bridgetown Holdings Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel Wong 

Daniel Wong 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_bridgetown.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Bridgetown Holdings Limited (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel Wong, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for
the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel Wong 

Daniel Wong 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_bridgetown.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Bridgetown Holdings Limited (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel Wong, Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for
the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel Wong 

Daniel Wong 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 btwn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 btwn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 btwn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 btwn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 btwn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

